WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Ryan Zimmerman raised a fist when he rounded first	False
Unlike Zimmerman , Bush drew a fugue of cheers and jeers when he came out to throw the ceremonial first pitch to Acta . It was part of a prelude of pomp and circumstance that was clearly topped by how the evening ended . Nick Johnson delivered an RBI double in his first at-bat in more than 18 months , Odalis Perez matched Tim Hudson , and Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) earned the victory after blowing a save in the top of the ninth	True
They did n't feel quite the same about the result , of course . The Nationals were one out from the victory , ahead 2 - 1 in the ninth	True
The Nationals were one out from the victory , ahead 2 - 1 in the ninth . But Rauch was pressed into closing duty because Chad Cordero has right shoulder tendinitis , and the tying run scored on a passed ball charged to Paul Lo Duca , signed during the offseason as a free agent . It was a couple of holdovers who drove in Washington 's runs , both in the first inning . Johnson , who missed all of 2007 with a broken leg , provided an RBI double , sliding into second	False
Fans arrived as early as 6 a.m. to buy $ 5 upper-deck tickets , and there were no apparent transportation problems , with about 50 buses lined up for the free , 10-minute shuttle service from parking lots at RFK . To a man , Nationals players have said they have n't had time to learn all of the quirks of their new digs , yet right fielder Kearns contributed a nice play in the second inning , turning Brian McCann 's single into an out at second	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit his team-leading seventh home run for the Reds , who are 3 - 5 since Walt Jocketty was named general manager . Jocketty was the Cardinals ' GM for 13 seasons prior to this year . Encarnacion homered for the first time in seven games leading off the second	True
Encarnacion homered for the first time in seven games leading off the second . Left fielder Chris Duncan just missed a leaping attempt in the corner as the ball went slightly under his glove and bounced off the top of the wall . Joey Votto followed with a double and scored on Ryan Freel 's two - out infield hit . The Cardinals needed a wild pitch by Harang to score a run in the second	True
Encarnacion homered for the first time in seven games leading off the second . Left fielder Chris Duncan just missed a leaping attempt in the corner as the ball went slightly under his glove and bounced off the top of the wall . Joey Votto followed with a double and scored on Ryan Freel 's two - out infield hit . The Cardinals needed a wild pitch by Harang to score a run in the second on three hits and a walk and then took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Cardinals needed a wild pitch by Harang to score a run in the second on three hits and a walk and then took a 3 - 2 lead in the third with four straight hits , including RBI singles by Miles and Ankiel . Skip Schumaker was safe on a close play at the plate on Miles ' single , ducking under catcher David Ross ' sweeping tag as he slid . Miles ' RBI double and Ankiel 's run-scoring single off Kent Mercker made it 5 - 2 in the seventh	True
The winning streak is the Dodgers ' longest since running off five in a row July 8 - 16 last year . Martin 's leadoff homer in the second inning put them ahead 1 - 0 , and they scored two runs in the third	True
Martin 's leadoff homer in the second inning put them ahead 1 - 0 , and they scored two runs in the third . Olsen walked Billingsley , and Furcal singled . Both runners advanced on a sacrifice and came home on Kemp 's single . Kemp hit a two - out double in the fifth	True
Kemp hit a two - out double in the fifth and scored on Jeff Kent 's single . Florida made it 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
Florida made it 4 - 1 in the fifth on Jeremy Hermida 's RBI infield single , but Billingsley struck out Jorge Cantu with the bases loaded to end the inning . Loney cleared the bases with a triple off Taylor Tankersley in the seventh	True
Loney cleared the bases with a triple off Taylor Tankersley in the seventh , then scored on DeWitt 's single to put the Dodgers up 8 - 1 . DeWitt had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Loney cleared the bases with a triple off Taylor Tankersley in the seventh , then scored on DeWitt 's single to put the Dodgers up 8 - 1 . DeWitt had an RBI single in the seventh and a three - run triple in the eighth	False
`` We 're hoping this continues . '' Byrd ( 3 - 1 ) went 5 2/3 innings , reliever Rafael Perez blanked the Yankees for 2 1/3 and interim closer Rafael Betancourt worked a perfect ninth	True
Rodriguez said his leg is still tender . Down 3 - 1 , the Indians scored four times with two outs in the fifth	True
Travis Hafner singled to left and Victor Martinez followed with a base hit . Peralta , who came in batting just .184 ( 7 - for - 38 ) in his last 11 games , drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the 19-foot-high wall in left to make it 4 - 3 . Gutierrez followed with his second homer -- and first since his first at-bat this season -- for a 5 - 3 lead . Matsui brought the Yankees within a run in the sixth	True
Matsui brought the Yankees within a run in the sixth with his fourth homer , chasing Byrd . Perez came on and handled the Yankees with ease . The Indians made it 6 - 4 in the sixth	False
Matsui brought the Yankees within a run in the sixth with his fourth homer , chasing Byrd . Perez came on and handled the Yankees with ease . The Indians made it 6 - 4 in the sixth off former teammate Billy Traber , again scoring with two outs . Grady Sizemore walked , stole second	False
The Indians made it 6 - 4 in the sixth off former teammate Billy Traber , again scoring with two outs . Grady Sizemore walked , stole second and scored when Carroll dropped a soft single into left . Giambi 's second homer off Byrd gave the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Now Cueto knows , too . Berkman hit a two - run homer in the first inning , his sixth	False
One thing 's sure : Next time he 'll be more careful with Berkman . Cassel , called up from Triple-A to make his first start of the season , gave up three runs and seven hits over five - plus innings against a lineup struggling to find its stride . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
Freddy Sanchez had two hits and scored two runs , and Ian Snell rebounded after a rocky first inning to shut down St. Louis for the remainder of his six innings . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings in relief to earn the win , and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth	True
Skip Schumaker , Albert Pujols and Adam Kennedy each had a pair of hits for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . With the game tied at 4 in the eighth	True
Skip Schumaker , Albert Pujols and Adam Kennedy each had a pair of hits for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . With the game tied at 4 in the eighth , Ryan Doumit singled to lead off the inning and scored on a two - out single by Bautista , who 's batting .188 but has a hit in each of his past four starts . After Brian Bixler doubled to left , moving Bautista up to third	False
With the game tied at 4 in the eighth , Ryan Doumit singled to lead off the inning and scored on a two - out single by Bautista , who 's batting .188 but has a hit in each of his past four starts . After Brian Bixler doubled to left , moving Bautista up to third , Mientkiewicz singled down the left-field line off Anthony Reyes ( 1 - 1 ) to make it 7 - 4 . The inning was made possible partly because of an errant throw by Reyes on a comebacker to the mound hit by Xavier Nady with Doumit at first	False
With the game tied at 4 in the eighth , Ryan Doumit singled to lead off the inning and scored on a two - out single by Bautista , who 's batting .188 but has a hit in each of his past four starts . After Brian Bixler doubled to left , moving Bautista up to third , Mientkiewicz singled down the left-field line off Anthony Reyes ( 1 - 1 ) to make it 7 - 4 . The inning was made possible partly because of an errant throw by Reyes on a comebacker to the mound hit by Xavier Nady with Doumit at first and nobody out . Reyes ' throw for the forceout at second	False
With the game tied at 4 in the eighth , Ryan Doumit singled to lead off the inning and scored on a two - out single by Bautista , who 's batting .188 but has a hit in each of his past four starts . After Brian Bixler doubled to left , moving Bautista up to third , Mientkiewicz singled down the left-field line off Anthony Reyes ( 1 - 1 ) to make it 7 - 4 . The inning was made possible partly because of an errant throw by Reyes on a comebacker to the mound hit by Xavier Nady with Doumit at first and nobody out . Reyes ' throw for the forceout at second was too high for shortstop Aaron Miles , but second baseman Kennedy was backing up . He caught the ball and threw Nady out at first	False
While losing six in a row to the Los Angeles Dodgers , Chicago Cubs and Florida Marlins in the past week , the Pirates fell behind by scores such as 9 - 1 , 6 - 0 , 7 - 0 , 5 - 0 and 4 - 0 before coming back from a modest 1 - 0 first-inning deficit for a win Tuesday against Florida . Todd Wellemeyer held Pittsburgh hitless through three innings , but the Pirates got back into it with a pair of runs in the fourth	True
Todd Wellemeyer held Pittsburgh hitless through three innings , but the Pirates got back into it with a pair of runs in the fourth . The inning began with three consecutive singles , capped by Doumit 's run-scoring single . Nady followed with a sacrifice fly that scored Bay and made it 4 - 2 . Bay tied it in the fifth	True
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Gabe Gross stole second	False
All of it unfolded as the Cardinals rallied from a five - run deficit off the Brewers ' beleaguered bullpen before Kapler singled off St. Louis closer Jason Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) to end the game . Milwaukee gave up four runs in the seventh	True
All of it unfolded as the Cardinals rallied from a five - run deficit off the Brewers ' beleaguered bullpen before Kapler singled off St. Louis closer Jason Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) to end the game . Milwaukee gave up four runs in the seventh off three relievers . It still led 8 - 7 when Eric Gagne made his fifth appearance in six days in the ninth	True
Izturis left the game because he could n't grip a ball . X-rays were negative . So , in the bottom of the ninth	True
Izturis left the game because he could n't grip a ball . X-rays were negative . So , in the bottom of the ninth , the Cardinals sent Aaron Miles to short , Pujols to second	False
Izturis left the game because he could n't grip a ball . X-rays were negative . So , in the bottom of the ninth , the Cardinals sent Aaron Miles to short , Pujols to second from first	False
Izturis left the game because he could n't grip a ball . X-rays were negative . So , in the bottom of the ninth , the Cardinals sent Aaron Miles to short , Pujols to second from first , catcher Jason LaRue to first	False
They had 14 pitchers and just three bench players as they wait for the return of center fielder Mike Cameron from a 25-game suspension . They managed to hold back catcher Mike Rivera all the way by using starter Jeff Suppan as a pinch hitter , one of three pitchers for both teams that made pinch-hit at-bats . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) got the win by pitching a perfect 12th	True
Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) got the win by pitching a perfect 12th with two strikeouts . Pujols made two plays at second base -- a forceout at second	False
Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) got the win by pitching a perfect 12th with two strikeouts . Pujols made two plays at second base -- a forceout at second off a grounder by J. J. Hardy in the 11th	True
Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) got the win by pitching a perfect 12th with two strikeouts . Pujols made two plays at second base -- a forceout at second off a grounder by J. J. Hardy in the 11th and covering on Gross ' steal attempt in the 12th	True
Liriano walked Jason Michaels to load the bases in the second inning , then gave up a two - run single to Blake , scoring Ryan Garko and Jhonny Peralta . Garko has reached base in all 17 games this season . Victor Martinez 's RBI single in the fifth made it 3 - 0 , and Blake led off the seventh	True
Cleveland has won 15 of the last 20 meetings , outscoring Minnesota 100 - 49 . Only one Minnesota baserunner reached second	True
Lee 's fast start is helping make up for Cy Young Award winner C. C. Sabathia 's miserable beginning . Sabathia is 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA . Rafael Perez pitched the ninth	True
BOSTON ( AP ) -- One swing by Big Papi brought relief to many at Fenway Park . Slumping David Ortiz hit a grand slam , his eighth	False
The Red Sox won for the sixth time in seven games . Ortiz entered the game hitting just .111 , the lowest of any regular in the majors . His slam was his seventh	False
The Red Sox won for the sixth time in seven games . Ortiz entered the game hitting just .111 , the lowest of any regular in the majors . His slam was his seventh with the Red Sox , and seventh	False
-- tying a record held by Ted Williams and Jim Rice . Ortiz 's slam -- his first hit at Fenway this season -- erased Boston 's 1 - 0 deficit against starter Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) in the third	True
Ortiz 's slam -- his first hit at Fenway this season -- erased Boston 's 1 - 0 deficit against starter Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) in the third after Jed Lowrie doubled and Jacoby Ellsbury and Pedroia walked . It was his second homer of the season . The third started easily for Mendoza , who retired the first eight batters of the game . Varitek popped weakly to third	False
Milton Bradley extended his hitting streak to 13 games and Hank Blalock hit a two - run homer for the Rangers . The Red Sox chased Mendoza and scored five more in the fourth	True
Mendoza was tagged for seven runs on five hits in three - plus innings . Blalock homered into Boston 's bullpen in the sixth	True
Blalock homered into Boston 's bullpen in the sixth . Josh Hamilton 's sacrifice fly gave Texas a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Saunders allowed four runs and six hits over eight innings with two strikeouts and no walks . All of the runs against the left-hander came on Sexson 's homers . Sexson came in batting .218 and left with his 24th multihomer game . R. A. Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up singles to his first two batters before walking DH Vladimir Guerrero , who missed Thursday night 's win over Kansas City because of a swollen right index finger . Hunter then lined a 1 - 2 pitch down the left-field line , continued to third	False
R. A. Dickey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up singles to his first two batters before walking DH Vladimir Guerrero , who missed Thursday night 's win over Kansas City because of a swollen right index finger . Hunter then lined a 1 - 2 pitch down the left-field line , continued to third on shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt 's relay throw to the plate and tried to score when the ball got past catcher Kenji Johjima . But Dickey backed up the play and threw to Johjima for the tag on Hunter . Hunter doubled his next time up , a slicing drive to right-center that grazed center fielder Ichiro Suzuki 's glove as he attempted a diving catch . In the sixth	True
Hunter doubled his next time up , a slicing drive to right-center that grazed center fielder Ichiro Suzuki 's glove as he attempted a diving catch . In the sixth , Hunter hit a drive to the fence in left-center to tie a franchise record for most doubles in a game . All of them came off Dickey 's knuckleball , which the right-hander began throwing in 2005 . The two - time All-Star could have had four consecutive doubles had it not been for third baseman Adrian Beltre , who stretched toward the foul line to backhand Hunter 's vicious line drive against Arthur Rhodes in the seventh	True
Dickey making his first start in the majors since April 6 , 2006 , was charged with five runs and eight hits over six innings while filling in for the injured Erik Bedard . Seattle reliever Sean Green faced three batters in the seventh	True
Wright finished 4 - for - 4 with two RBIs and a walk . Pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs hit a three - run homer off reliever Aaron Heilman to cut the Phillies ' deficit to 5 - 4 in the eighth	True
Wright finished 4 - for - 4 with two RBIs and a walk . Pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs hit a three - run homer off reliever Aaron Heilman to cut the Phillies ' deficit to 5 - 4 in the eighth , but the Mets bullpen held on . Billy Wagner pitched a perfect ninth	True
When New York acquired Santana from Minnesota in late January , the move prompted Carlos Beltran to declare the Mets were the team to beat in the division . That was a right-back-at-you message to Rollins , who made the bold prediction last year and followed through by leading the Phillies to their first NL East title in 14 years . Santana certainly delivered in his first start against the Phillies in six years . He left after allowing consecutive singles to start the bottom of the eighth	True
But the Phillies did n't get another runner . Carlos Delgado 's sacrifice fly off Brad Lidge gave the Mets a two - run cushion in the ninth	True
Carlos Delgado 's sacrifice fly off Brad Lidge gave the Mets a two - run cushion in the ninth . First baseman Ryan Howard 's error -- the 17th committed by the Phillies this season -- led to the unearned run . After Utley 's homer to center cut it to 2 - 1 in the seventh	True
After Utley 's homer to center cut it to 2 - 1 in the seventh , the Mets added insurance runs . Ryan Church led off the eighth	True
Ryan Church led off the eighth with a single and Wright followed with a double . J. C. Romero replaced Hamels after an intentional walk to Beltran loaded the bases , and Delgado drove in a run with a groundout . Angel Pagan 's RBI double and Brian Schneider 's run-scoring single made it 5 - 1 . Wright ripped an RBI double to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ryan Church led off the eighth with a single and Wright followed with a double . J. C. Romero replaced Hamels after an intentional walk to Beltran loaded the bases , and Delgado drove in a run with a groundout . Angel Pagan 's RBI double and Brian Schneider 's run-scoring single made it 5 - 1 . Wright ripped an RBI double to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead in the first . His triple scored Jose Reyes to put the Mets ahead 2 - 0 in the third	True
Wright ripped an RBI double to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead in the first . His triple scored Jose Reyes to put the Mets ahead 2 - 0 in the third . Reyes was shaken up when he hit his head on second baseman Utley 's knee on a headfirst slide while stealing second	False
The Big Unit did not allow an earned run in five innings , settling down to finish with seven strikeouts and four walks before San Francisco rallied against Arizona 's bullpen for a 5 - 4 victory over the Diamondbacks on Monday night . The Giants loaded the bases in the seventh	True
The Giants loaded the bases in the seventh with no outs against reliever Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) , who allowed Ray Durham 's tying RBI groundout followed by Bengie Molina 's go-ahead sacrifice fly . Keiichi Yabu ( 1 - 1 ) , who had dental surgery earlier in the day , worked two scoreless innings for his first win in nearly three years . He beat the Giants on May 20 , 2005 , with the Oakland Athletics . Yabu 's victory also was the first	False
Conor Jackson drove in three runs for the Diamondbacks , who had their eight - game winning streak snapped Sunday against Colorado and lost consecutive games for only the second time this year . Johnson walked slowly to the mound , head down and already holding a 2 - 0 lead after Jackson 's two - run homer in the first	True
Johnson walked slowly to the mound , head down and already holding a 2 - 0 lead after Jackson 's two - run homer in the first . He was one of only a few players to wear short sleeves on a blustery Bay Area night , when the first-pitch temperature was 52 degrees . Jackson also added an RBI double in the third	True
Jackson also added an RBI double in the third and Justin Upton had a run-scoring single that inning . Arizona got a scare in the bottom of the eighth	True
Johnson , who has 284 wins , gave up three hits and three unearned runs . It took him five pitches to throw his first strike after a four - pitch leadoff walk to Randy Winn . He struck out Rowand on an 83 mph slider , then gave up another four - pitch walk to Durham before retiring Rich Aurilia on a called third strike . Johnson got out of the inning on 18 pitches , eight for strikes . The Giants tied it on Winn 's two - run bloop single with two outs in the second	True
Bannister , in three starts covering 21 innings , has allowed only two earned runs for an ERA of 0.86 . The only run he allowed was unearned . Jose Guillen dropped Brendan Harris ' deep fly to right in the first inning , and two batters later Harris scored from second	False
The only run he allowed was unearned . Jose Guillen dropped Brendan Harris ' deep fly to right in the first inning , and two batters later Harris scored from second on Justin Morneau 's single . `` He 's going to be a good pitcher again . We were just trying to take advantage of the fact we knew he was going to get tired in the third	True
Liriano , who was 11 - 3 with a 1.92 ERA in 16 starts as a rookie , underwent ligament replacement surgery in his left elbow on Nov. 6 , 2006 , and sat out the ' 07 season . In five starts in the spring , he was 2 - 2 with a 4.02 ERA . Billy Butler , stretching his hitting streak to 12 games , tied it 1-all with an RBI single in the first inning , snapping a 26-inning scoreless streak for the Royals . Miguel Olivo 's double made it 2 - 1 in the second	True
Billy Butler , stretching his hitting streak to 12 games , tied it 1-all with an RBI single in the first inning , snapping a 26-inning scoreless streak for the Royals . Miguel Olivo 's double made it 2 - 1 in the second . Alex Gordon had a solo home run in the seventh	True
Billy Butler , stretching his hitting streak to 12 games , tied it 1-all with an RBI single in the first inning , snapping a 26-inning scoreless streak for the Royals . Miguel Olivo 's double made it 2 - 1 in the second . Alex Gordon had a solo home run in the seventh off Juan Rincon and doubled in the fourth	True
Billy Butler , stretching his hitting streak to 12 games , tied it 1-all with an RBI single in the first inning , snapping a 26-inning scoreless streak for the Royals . Miguel Olivo 's double made it 2 - 1 in the second . Alex Gordon had a solo home run in the seventh off Juan Rincon and doubled in the fourth , scoring on Tony Pena Jr. 's sacrifice fly after stealing third	False
Alex Gordon had a solo home run in the seventh off Juan Rincon and doubled in the fourth , scoring on Tony Pena Jr. 's sacrifice fly after stealing third . After a walk and Joey Gathright 's single , Esteban German 's RBI single made it 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
Two nights after signing a four - year , $ 15 million contract , the Indians ' right-hander walked a career-high eight over 3 1/3 innings in a 7 - 3 loss to the Oakland Athletics . Bobby Crosby hit a three - run homer off reliever Rafael Perez for the Athletics , who took advantage of 10 walks overall and won their fifth	False
The A 's refrained from swinging at Carmona 's sharp sinker , which kept darting out of the strike zone . Lenny DiNardo ( 1 - 0 ) , starting in place of injured Rich Harden , gave up two runs on six hits over five - plus innings for his first win since last Aug. 19 . The soft-tossing left-hander struck out two without issuing a walk , leaving with two on in the sixth	True
A year ago , Carmona and left-hander C. C. Sabathia each won 19 games to help Cleveland win the AL Central . But one night after Sabathia was pounded for nine runs and 12 hits in only 3 1/3 innings , Carmona became the first Cleveland starter to walk eight in a game since Bob Ojeda did it in six innings against the New York Yankees on Aug. 26 , 1993 . Carmona got double plays after walks in the second	True
A year ago , Carmona and left-hander C. C. Sabathia each won 19 games to help Cleveland win the AL Central . But one night after Sabathia was pounded for nine runs and 12 hits in only 3 1/3 innings , Carmona became the first Cleveland starter to walk eight in a game since Bob Ojeda did it in six innings against the New York Yankees on Aug. 26 , 1993 . Carmona got double plays after walks in the second and third innings , but his luck did n't continue . With two out in the third	True
A year ago , Carmona and left-hander C. C. Sabathia each won 19 games to help Cleveland win the AL Central . But one night after Sabathia was pounded for nine runs and 12 hits in only 3 1/3 innings , Carmona became the first Cleveland starter to walk eight in a game since Bob Ojeda did it in six innings against the New York Yankees on Aug. 26 , 1993 . Carmona got double plays after walks in the second and third innings , but his luck did n't continue . With two out in the third , he walked Travis Buck , who went to third	False
Franklin Gutierrez broke a 1 - for - 23 slump with a double to open the bottom half , advanced on a groundout and scored on another to make it 2 - 1 . Carmona came apart in the fourth	True
Franklin Gutierrez broke a 1 - for - 23 slump with a double to open the bottom half , advanced on a groundout and scored on another to make it 2 - 1 . Carmona came apart in the fourth , walking four of the five men he faced . Jensen Lewis came on , struck out Buck and got Ellis to pop to second	False
Carmona came apart in the fourth , walking four of the five men he faced . Jensen Lewis came on , struck out Buck and got Ellis to pop to second to preserve a 3 - 1 lead . Pinch-hitter David Dellucci 's bases-loaded walk off reliever Joey Devine pulled Cleveland within 3 - 2 in sixth	True
Pinch-hitter David Dellucci 's bases-loaded walk off reliever Joey Devine pulled Cleveland within 3 - 2 in sixth . But Perez walked Barton to open the seventh	True
Carlos Gomez doubled , tripled and drove in two runs , while Justin Morneau homered to lead off the third inning on the first pitch from Gil Meche . Morneau also hit a three - run homer off Meche last Saturday in a 6 - 4 Twins victory . The Twins sent eight men to the plate in a four - run second	True
Meche was struck in the left hamstring by a Harris bouncer to end the third inning . The Royals , who were 1 - for - 8 with runners in scoring position , loaded the bases in the fifth	True
Meche was struck in the left hamstring by a Harris bouncer to end the third inning . The Royals , who were 1 - for - 8 with runners in scoring position , loaded the bases in the fifth with one out , but Hernandez struck out Jose Guillen swinging and retired Billy Butler on a grounder to third	False
Jesse Crain and Joe Nathan completed the shutout , holding Kansas City to two hits over the final two innings . The Royals have failed to score in their past 17 innings . Butler singled in the eighth	True
Jesse Crain and Joe Nathan completed the shutout , holding Kansas City to two hits over the final two innings . The Royals have failed to score in their past 17 innings . Butler singled in the eighth , extending his hitting streak to 10 games and matching his career high . But he was thrown out at second	False
DiFelice had a RBI single off Batista , who gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . B. J. Upton 's seventh-inning single off Eric O'Flaherty drove in the last two runs charged to the Seattle starter , and DiFelice followed with a two - run single for a 7 - 0 lead . The Rays scored five times in the seventh	True
The Rays scored five times in the seventh and finished with 10 hits . They had scored seven runs and hit .167 during their four - game losing streak . Jackson limited the Mariners to Adrian Beltre 's leadoff single in the fourth	True
The Rays scored five times in the seventh and finished with 10 hits . They had scored seven runs and hit .167 during their four - game losing streak . Jackson limited the Mariners to Adrian Beltre 's leadoff single in the fourth and Raul Ibanez 's two - out single in the sixth	True
Jackson limited the Mariners to Adrian Beltre 's leadoff single in the fourth and Raul Ibanez 's two - out single in the sixth . He struck out six , walked four and only allowed one runner to reach third base . Trever Miller pitched the ninth	True
Jackson began last season as Tampa Bay 's No . 4 starter and retained the spot despite losing his first eight decisions . He stopped the skid by beating the Los Angeles Dodgers on June 24 , then did n't get his second victory until July 20 . He pitched the only complete game of his career -- a 3 - 0 , four - hit shutout at Texas last Aug. 11 -- but he thought Thursday 's performance might have been better . If the score had been closer entering the ninth	True
He pitched the only complete game of his career -- a 3 - 0 , four - hit shutout at Texas last Aug. 11 -- but he thought Thursday 's performance might have been better . If the score had been closer entering the ninth , Maddon said he would have allowed Jackson to finish up . Batista held the Rays hitless until Hinske 's solo homer with one out in the fourth	True
He pitched the only complete game of his career -- a 3 - 0 , four - hit shutout at Texas last Aug. 11 -- but he thought Thursday 's performance might have been better . If the score had been closer entering the ninth , Maddon said he would have allowed Jackson to finish up . Batista held the Rays hitless until Hinske 's solo homer with one out in the fourth . Jonny Gomes doubled off the Mariners ' starter in the sixth	True
`` He 's such a hard worker and he 's an intelligent player , but he just never was able to really lock in and hold onto it for an extended period of time , '' Wedge added . `` But to his credit , he grinded it out , never gave into the fight and still knocked in 100 . I mean , you 've got to be pretty good to have an off year and do that . I know he 's looking to do more this year . '' Speier , forced to close because of Francisco Rodriguez 's sore ankle , got the last out in the eighth	True
`` He 's such a hard worker and he 's an intelligent player , but he just never was able to really lock in and hold onto it for an extended period of time , '' Wedge added . `` But to his credit , he grinded it out , never gave into the fight and still knocked in 100 . I mean , you 've got to be pretty good to have an off year and do that . I know he 's looking to do more this year . '' Speier , forced to close because of Francisco Rodriguez 's sore ankle , got the last out in the eighth and retired his first two batters in the ninth	True
Wedge was thrilled to see his designated hitter come through in the clutch . Hafner 's homer ended the Angels ' streak of victories in games in which they led after eight innings at 163 . Until Tuesday , they had n't lost under those circumstances since April 19 , 2006 , at Minnesota . Los Angeles extended the streak Monday on Torii Hunter 's grand slam in the ninth	True
Jake Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) earned his first complete game since 2006 , giving up six hits over eight innings , striking out four and walking none after losing a 2 - 1 decision to the Chicago White Sox in his season debut . The right-hander threw 64 of his 95 pitches for strikes and said his pitch count allowed him to stay in the game . Westbrook held the Angels to just three singles through the first five innings , including bunt hits by Chone Figgins and Erick Aybar . But he fell behind 3 - 2 in the ninth	True
Jake Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) earned his first complete game since 2006 , giving up six hits over eight innings , striking out four and walking none after losing a 2 - 1 decision to the Chicago White Sox in his season debut . The right-hander threw 64 of his 95 pitches for strikes and said his pitch count allowed him to stay in the game . Westbrook held the Angels to just three singles through the first five innings , including bunt hits by Chone Figgins and Erick Aybar . But he fell behind 3 - 2 in the ninth on a two - run homer by Vladimir Guerrero , his first	False
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- For the Florida Marlins , it was easy to explain how it is that they beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 Monday night to take sole possession of first place in the NL East . `` Some big home runs to keep us ahead , '' Gonzalez also noted , alluding to Dan Uggla 's solo shot in the sixth	True
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- For the Florida Marlins , it was easy to explain how it is that they beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 Monday night to take sole possession of first place in the NL East . `` Some big home runs to keep us ahead , '' Gonzalez also noted , alluding to Dan Uggla 's solo shot in the sixth and Robert Andino 's two - run shot in the ninth	True
Washington also left the bases loaded twice , something the team now has done a total of nine times through eight games . Florida improved to 4 - 3 thanks in large part to putting up five runs off Redding in the third	True
Renyel Pinto ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win with 2 2/3 hitless innings . He was followed by Justin Miller , Taylor Tankersley and Kevin Gregg , who got four outs to earn the first save by a Marlins pitcher this season . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , Washington loaded the bases with one out , but Justin Miller got Ronnie Belliard on a popup and pinch-hitter Aaron Boone to fly to center . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , the Nationals scored a run on Milledge 's sac fly following Guzman 's second triple of the game -- he tied a team record -- and then loaded the bases with three consecutive walks . But Gregg got Paul Lo Duca on a routine grounder to third	False
The Mariners and Orioles were involved in one of baseball 's biggest trades during the offseason , a 5 - for - 1 swap that sent Erik Bedard to Seattle . Baltimore got George Sherrill and Adam Jones , and they both played key roles in the sweep . Sherrill pitched a perfect ninth inning Monday for his fourth save , his third	False
Carlos Silva went seven innings for Seattle , giving up four runs and nine hits . Ichiro Suzuki opened with his 26th career leadoff homer and singled in the seventh	True
Scott Baker ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings and Joe Nathan picked up his second save , but the postgame mood was noticeably sullen with the news on Cuddyer . He was going from first	False
Scott Baker ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings and Joe Nathan picked up his second save , but the postgame mood was noticeably sullen with the news on Cuddyer . He was going from first to third	False
His counterpart , Baker ( 1 - 0 ) , endured his own frustrations this spring when he missed time because of a sore shoulder and the flu at camp . The Royals worked him into deep counts and fouled off plenty of offerings , scoring three runs and running Baker 's pitch count to 40 after two innings . But the right-hander settled down and retired 11 straight hitters , needing just six pitches to get through the third	True
After scoring just eight runs while losing three of four to the Angels to open the season , the Twins ' bats came through on Friday night . Morneau broke an 0 - for - 13 slump to start the year with an RBI single in the third	True
After scoring just eight runs while losing three of four to the Angels to open the season , the Twins ' bats came through on Friday night . Morneau broke an 0 - for - 13 slump to start the year with an RBI single in the third , making it 3 - 2 . Mike Lamb led off the fourth	True
The real star , arguably , was Garland , who allowed just six hits and one walk . His acquisition in a trade with the Chicago White Sox for shortstop Orlando Cabrera proved prescient when top starters John Lackey and Kelvim Escobar wound up on the disabled list near the end of spring training . Anderson offered praise for Garland 's sinkerball style , which led to 17 groundball outs and helped retire 12 of the first 13 Twins he faced . By that time , Garland had a 4 - 0 lead heading into the fifth	True
Anderson offered praise for Garland 's sinkerball style , which led to 17 groundball outs and helped retire 12 of the first 13 Twins he faced . By that time , Garland had a 4 - 0 lead heading into the fifth . Stifled by Livan Hernandez in the opener , Los Angeles bounced back with three hard-hit doubles in the first seven at-bats against Boof Bonser . Guerrero and Anderson went back-to-back with theirs for a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Stifled by Livan Hernandez in the opener , Los Angeles bounced back with three hard-hit doubles in the first seven at-bats against Boof Bonser . Guerrero and Anderson went back-to-back with theirs for a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Hunter messed up in the field , too , on an ultimately harmless -- but clearly catchable -- sinking liner by Jason Kubel in the second	True
Stifled by Livan Hernandez in the opener , Los Angeles bounced back with three hard-hit doubles in the first seven at-bats against Boof Bonser . Guerrero and Anderson went back-to-back with theirs for a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Hunter messed up in the field , too , on an ultimately harmless -- but clearly catchable -- sinking liner by Jason Kubel in the second . Hunter tried to make a shoe-top grab , but the ball popped out at the last second	False
Afterward , Hunter acknowledged some weariness from all the extra attention . The Twins could 've used some extra fielding practice , too . In the fifth	True
Everett , signed by the Twins explicitly for his noted defense , made amends in the bottom of the inning by driving in Minnesota 's only run off Garland with a two - out single . Delmon Young made a late break on a line drive hit to left by Figgins , and the ball sailed over his head for a double in the seventh	True
Bonser completed six innings without a walk , allowing eight hits and four runs -- three of them earned . He struck out four , but it was n't the kind of start he hoped for after a winter devoted to better nutrition that caused him to drop about 30 pounds from his 6-foot-4 frame to settle in around 235 . The bullpen never got going . Crain gave up the fifth run in his first appearance since last May , coming off shoulder surgery . Brian Bass made his major league debut and gave up two more in the ninth ; one was unearned due to a wild relay throw to second	False
It was the first time this season that the Mets had won a game in which they trailed after eight innings and the comeback left beleaguered manager Willie Randolph suitably excited . With his team staggering and beat up by injuries , Randolph was grateful to get help from anybody after three Marlins home runs , two of them by Cody Ross , left the Mets trailing 5 - 4 as they came to bat in the ninth	True
It was the first time this season that the Mets had won a game in which they trailed after eight innings and the comeback left beleaguered manager Willie Randolph suitably excited . With his team staggering and beat up by injuries , Randolph was grateful to get help from anybody after three Marlins home runs , two of them by Cody Ross , left the Mets trailing 5 - 4 as they came to bat in the ninth . Chavez , a forgotten man batting just .203 , got the comeback started with the first pinch hit home run of his career leading off the ninth	True
It came against Florida closer Kevin Gregg , who blew just his second save all season . By the 12th	True
It came against Florida closer Kevin Gregg , who blew just his second save all season . By the 12th , Florida had the lead again , this time on a two - out homer by Alfredo Amezega , who hit his first	False
It came against Florida closer Kevin Gregg , who blew just his second save all season . By the 12th , Florida had the lead again , this time on a two - out homer by Alfredo Amezega , who hit his first of the year against Mets reliever Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) . Gonzalez had gone through six pitchers . No 7 was Justin Miller , who started off badly by walking David Wright . Carlos Beltran followed with a single to send Wright to third	False
Florida 's bullpen protected the lead until Chavez connected against Gregg . Ross connected against Oliver Perez leading off the fifth	True
Florida 's bullpen protected the lead until Chavez connected against Gregg . Ross connected against Oliver Perez leading off the fifth . In the sixth	True
Ross connected against Oliver Perez leading off the fifth . In the sixth , Perez walked Wes Helms with one out , Dan Uggla singled off Wright 's glove at third base and Ross homered again . Reyes opened the game for the Mets with a double , extending his hitting streak to 13 games . He then stole third	False
After Perez retired the first six Marlins , Mike Rabelo led off the third inning with his second home run of the season . The Mets got that run back in the fourth	True
After Perez retired the first six Marlins , Mike Rabelo led off the third inning with his second home run of the season . The Mets got that run back in the fourth against Marlins starter Scott Olsen when Beltran led off with a double , moved to third	False
The Mets got that run back in the fourth against Marlins starter Scott Olsen when Beltran led off with a double , moved to third on Easley 's single and scored on Tatis ' sacrifice fly . Ross opened the fifth	True
Carlos Quentin drove in three runs , including a go-ahead two - run double in a three - run seventh inning . Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs in the first	True
Carlos Quentin drove in three runs , including a go-ahead two - run double in a three - run seventh inning . Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs in the first , then retired 15 of 17 hitters before the Indians scored three times to take a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs in the first , then retired 15 of 17 hitters before the Indians scored three times to take a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth . Floyd gave up five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in six innings with seven strikeouts . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances , escaping a second-and-third , one - out jam when Ben Francisco and Victor Martinez popped out . Trailing by two runs , the White Sox surged ahead in the seventh	True
Jake Westbrook , activated from the disabled list before the game , allowed three runs and five hits in five innings . He had n't pitched for the Indians since April 19 because of a strained left muscle in the rib area . Floyd 's run-scoring throwing error and Martinez 's RBI infield hit gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Floyd 's run-scoring throwing error and Martinez 's RBI infield hit gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Jermaine Dye , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 15 slide , hit a two - out homer in the fourth	True
Floyd 's run-scoring throwing error and Martinez 's RBI infield hit gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Jermaine Dye , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 15 slide , hit a two - out homer in the fourth , and the White Sox went ahead 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
Jermaine Dye , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 15 slide , hit a two - out homer in the fourth , and the White Sox went ahead 3 - 2 in the fifth on Pierzynski 's RBI groundout and Quentin 's sacrifice fly . Cleveland took a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth	False
Aubrey Huff doubled in the tying run in the 11th inning and scored the game-winner on a long single by Alex Cintron , giving the Orioles a 10 - 9 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Baltimore came back after being down 4 - 0 and 8 - 4 , then rebounded in the 11th	True
Afterward , Girardi said Kennedy would almost certainly be placed on the 15-day disabled list . After New York took a 9 - 8 lead in the 11th	True
Afterward , Girardi said Kennedy would almost certainly be placed on the 15-day disabled list . After New York took a 9 - 8 lead in the 11th against Matt Albers ( 3 - 1 ) on an RBI single by Hideki Matsui , Melvin Mora led off the bottom half with a single off LaTroy Hawkins . One out later , Huff doubled and took third	False
In addition to Millar , Ramon Hernandez , Luke Scott and Mora homered for the Orioles . Damon led off the ninth	True
Damon led off the ninth with his fourth hit , a double off George Sherrill . Jeter then stepped to the plate as a steady downpour began . After Jeter failed to lay down a bunt , he struck out swinging . Abreu then took a third strike , and Rodriguez received an intentional walk . Both runners moved up on a double steal before the rain intensified . Yankees manager Joe Girardi went out to talk to home plate umpire Doug Eddings , pleading for a stoppage in play , before Matsui lined out to first	False
Play was halted for 1 hour , 7 minutes before the bottom half started . New York used a four - run fourth	True
New York used a four - run fourth to go up 8 - 4 . After Burres got two quick outs , Damon doubled and scored on a single by Jeter . Abreu then homered to right , and Rodriguez followed with his seventh home run of the season to chase Burres . On an ordinary night , that would have been enough to win . But Baltimore rallied against Ross Ohlendorf in the fifth	True
On an ordinary night , that would have been enough to win . But Baltimore rallied against Ross Ohlendorf in the fifth , using a two - run drive by Mora and successive solo shots by Scott and Millar to tie it at 8 . Baltimore missed a chance to take the lead in the seventh	True
Luis Gonzalez hit a three - run double for the young and hungry Marlins ( 30 - 20 ) , who moved 10 games over .500 for the first time since Sept. 14 , 2005 . They lead the NL East despite a major league-low payroll of $ 22 million on Opening Day . Jose Reyes homered twice for the $ 138 million Mets but committed a two - out error at shortstop in the first	True
The Mets came right back in the bottom half with four consecutive hits . Reyes hit his 11th leadoff homer , extending his team record , and New York loaded the bases with none out . Delgado hit a shallow sacrifice fly to tie it , but that was all New York got . Reyes homered to right again in the second	True
The Mets came right back in the bottom half with four consecutive hits . Reyes hit his 11th leadoff homer , extending his team record , and New York loaded the bases with none out . Delgado hit a shallow sacrifice fly to tie it , but that was all New York got . Reyes homered to right again in the second for a 3 - 2 lead before Florida batted around against Pelfrey in the third	True
The right-hander loaded the bases with two outs on a single , a walk and a hit by pitch before Gonzalez hit a sinking liner to center that got past a sliding Carlos Beltran for a three - run double . Matt Treanor 's RBI single made it 6 - 3 . Jeremy Hermida added a run-scoring single off Matt Wise in the eighth	True
The Orioles have been shut out two of their past three games and were 0 - for - 6 with runners in scoring position against Garza ( 3 - 1 ) . They 've been outscored 12 - 1 during a three - game losing streak and have n't homered in 28 1/3 innings . Garza walked four and struck out four before being replaced by Miller with one out and a runner on first	False
The Orioles have been shut out two of their past three games and were 0 - for - 6 with runners in scoring position against Garza ( 3 - 1 ) . They 've been outscored 12 - 1 during a three - game losing streak and have n't homered in 28 1/3 innings . Garza walked four and struck out four before being replaced by Miller with one out and a runner on first in the eighth	True
Garza walked four and struck out four before being replaced by Miller with one out and a runner on first in the eighth . After Aubrey Huff 's sharp grounder up the first base line was ruled foul , the Orioles ' designated hitter grounded into an inning-ending double play . Huff and Baltimore manager Dave Trembley both argued the call with first base umpire Ed Hickox . Trembley returned to the dugout , but was ejected by plate umpire Ed Rapuano while making a pitching change with one out in the bottom of the eighth	True
Huff and Baltimore manager Dave Trembley both argued the call with first base umpire Ed Hickox . Trembley returned to the dugout , but was ejected by plate umpire Ed Rapuano while making a pitching change with one out in the bottom of the eighth . `` Honestly , he should n't even need to overturn that .. .. It was clearly fair from where I was . It 's a ball I 've hit down that line a thousands times and you think it 's an automatic double , a game changing hit because we have second	False
Huff and Baltimore manager Dave Trembley both argued the call with first base umpire Ed Hickox . Trembley returned to the dugout , but was ejected by plate umpire Ed Rapuano while making a pitching change with one out in the bottom of the eighth . `` Honestly , he should n't even need to overturn that .. .. It was clearly fair from where I was . It 's a ball I 've hit down that line a thousands times and you think it 's an automatic double , a game changing hit because we have second and third	False
`` Honestly , he should n't even need to overturn that .. .. It was clearly fair from where I was . It 's a ball I 've hit down that line a thousands times and you think it 's an automatic double , a game changing hit because we have second and third with one out and you never know what could happen . '' Carlos Pena drove in an unearned run with an eighth-inning sacrifice fly , giving Percival a two - run lead to protect for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . The Tampa Bay closer finished the combined four - hitter with a perfect ninth	True
Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 5 ) was almost as good as Garza , allowing one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right-hander limited the Rays to a pair of walks and Dioner Navarro 's third-inning single until Eric Hinske opened the fifth	True
Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 5 ) was almost as good as Garza , allowing one run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right-hander limited the Rays to a pair of walks and Dioner Navarro 's third-inning single until Eric Hinske opened the fifth with a single and stole second	False
The right-hander limited the Rays to a pair of walks and Dioner Navarro 's third-inning single until Eric Hinske opened the fifth with a single and stole second . Crawford 's two - out RBI single made it 1 - 0 . Garza rebounded from allowing seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings at St. Louis to shut down the Orioles while working out of situations with runners in scoring position in the second	True
The right-hander limited the Rays to a pair of walks and Dioner Navarro 's third-inning single until Eric Hinske opened the fifth with a single and stole second . Crawford 's two - out RBI single made it 1 - 0 . Garza rebounded from allowing seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings at St. Louis to shut down the Orioles while working out of situations with runners in scoring position in the second , fifth	True
The right-hander limited the Rays to a pair of walks and Dioner Navarro 's third-inning single until Eric Hinske opened the fifth with a single and stole second . Crawford 's two - out RBI single made it 1 - 0 . Garza rebounded from allowing seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings at St. Louis to shut down the Orioles while working out of situations with runners in scoring position in the second , fifth and sixth	True
Garza rebounded from allowing seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings at St. Louis to shut down the Orioles while working out of situations with runners in scoring position in the second , fifth and sixth . Baltimore wasted Huff 's leadoff triple in the second	True
Garza rebounded from allowing seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings at St. Louis to shut down the Orioles while working out of situations with runners in scoring position in the second , fifth and sixth . Baltimore wasted Huff 's leadoff triple in the second when he was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Ramon Hernandez 's chopper to first base . After Adam Jones walked to load the bases , Garza got out of the inning by getting Freddie Bynum to ground to second	False
The Braves , coming off a four - game sweep of the New York Mets , had their five - game winning streak end . Davis gave up a run-scoring single to Kelly Johnson in the second	True
Davis gave up a run-scoring single to Kelly Johnson in the second and gained momentum after pitching out of a third-inning jam . Mark Kotsay and Chipper Jones opened the inning with singles , but Mark Teixeira hit into a double play and Davis struck out Jeff Francoeur to end the threat . Atlanta 's Jo-Jo Reyes ( 2 - 2 ) gave up six hits and eight runs , seven earned , in five innings . He walked three , including two in the first	True
Parra ( 2 - 2 ) , who has made 11 starts for Milwaukee since being called up last season , won for the first time since beating San Francisco on April 5 . The left-hander allowed only four hits and a walk , and struck out six . Cameron , who entered the game in a 7 - for - 46 slump , had three hits and a walk . His two - run home run into the left-field corner in the seventh	True
Parra ( 2 - 2 ) , who has made 11 starts for Milwaukee since being called up last season , won for the first time since beating San Francisco on April 5 . The left-hander allowed only four hits and a walk , and struck out six . Cameron , who entered the game in a 7 - for - 46 slump , had three hits and a walk . His two - run home run into the left-field corner in the seventh , his fifth	False
Cameron , who entered the game in a 7 - for - 46 slump , had three hits and a walk . His two - run home run into the left-field corner in the seventh , his fifth of the season , gave Milwaukee a 4 - 0 lead and chased Pirates starter Paul Maholm ( 2 - 5 ) . Hart 's third homer , a solo shot , came in the ninth	True
Ryan Braun had two hits and an RBI , and Bill Hall reached base four times and drove in a run for Milwaukee , which had 14 hits and also snapped a nine - game road losing streak . Parra needed 116 pitches to finish his outing , but Pittsburgh could do little to take advantage . Freddy Sanchez doubled to lead off the sixth	True
Ryan Braun had two hits and an RBI , and Bill Hall reached base four times and drove in a run for Milwaukee , which had 14 hits and also snapped a nine - game road losing streak . Parra needed 116 pitches to finish his outing , but Pittsburgh could do little to take advantage . Freddy Sanchez doubled to lead off the sixth , but was stranded at third	False
Ryan Braun had two hits and an RBI , and Bill Hall reached base four times and drove in a run for Milwaukee , which had 14 hits and also snapped a nine - game road losing streak . Parra needed 116 pitches to finish his outing , but Pittsburgh could do little to take advantage . Freddy Sanchez doubled to lead off the sixth , but was stranded at third . The Pirates put two runners on base in the fourth	True
Parra needed 116 pitches to finish his outing , but Pittsburgh could do little to take advantage . Freddy Sanchez doubled to lead off the sixth , but was stranded at third . The Pirates put two runners on base in the fourth , when Jason Bay walked and Xavier Nady singled with two outs . But Adam LaRoche struck out to end the inning . Bay hit a two - run home run in the ninth inning , his 10th	False
The Brewers , who put a runner on base in every inning , needed a defensive lapse by Sanchez to take a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning . With the bases loaded and one out , Jason Kendall hit a ground ball to third baseman Jose Bautista that appeared to be a double play . But after taking the throw at second	False
TORONTO ( AP ) -- John Lackey worked seven strong innings and then watched in consternation from the clubhouse as the Los Angeles Angels ' bullpen nearly threw away his first victory of the season . Relievers Scot Shields and Francisco Rodriguez escaped bases-loaded jams in the eighth	True
TORONTO ( AP ) -- John Lackey worked seven strong innings and then watched in consternation from the clubhouse as the Los Angeles Angels ' bullpen nearly threw away his first victory of the season . Relievers Scot Shields and Francisco Rodriguez escaped bases-loaded jams in the eighth and ninth	True
Casey Kotchman doubled home Torii Hunter with the go-ahead run in the third inning , and the Angels snapped a four - game road losing streak in a ballpark where they have struggled in recent years . The Angels , losers of 14 of 16 in Toronto coming in , improved to 19 - 38 at Rogers Centre since 1996 . Making his second start of the year after returning from a strained triceps , Lackey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Toronto 's Brad Wilkerson in the first	True
Making his second start of the year after returning from a strained triceps , Lackey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Toronto 's Brad Wilkerson in the first and then blanked the Blue Jays the rest of the way . Two singles and a walk helped Toronto load the bases in the eighth	True
Two singles and a walk helped Toronto load the bases in the eighth , but Shields escaped by striking out Matt Stairs on three pitches and getting Shannon Stewart to ground into a double play . Rodriguez loaded the bases with three straight walks in the ninth	True
Lackey allowed one run on seven hits , walked three and struck out a season-high six . He has gone 12 - 2 with a 2.46 ERA in his past 14 road starts . Lackey 's only jam came in the second	True
Lackey won a career-high 19 games last season , and his successful return gives the Angels a big boost . Los Angeles loaded the bases in the first	True
Lackey won a career-high 19 games last season , and his successful return gives the Angels a big boost . Los Angeles loaded the bases in the first and second	True
Lackey won a career-high 19 games last season , and his successful return gives the Angels a big boost . Los Angeles loaded the bases in the first and second against Toronto right-hander Dustin McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) , but the only run came when Garret Anderson grounded into a double play in the first	True
Los Angeles loaded the bases in the first and second against Toronto right-hander Dustin McGowan ( 2 - 4 ) , but the only run came when Garret Anderson grounded into a double play in the first . Kotchman was thrown out at the plate on a bases-loaded fielder 's choice by Maicer Izturis in the second	True
Kotchman was thrown out at the plate on a bases-loaded fielder 's choice by Maicer Izturis in the second before Gary Matthews stranded three runners by flying out to center . Los Angeles broke a 1-all tie in the third	True
Los Angeles broke a 1-all tie in the third when Hunter doubled over the head of Rios in center and scored when Kotchman doubled down the left field line . Matthews chased McGowan with a one - out triple in the seventh	True
McGowan allowed three runs-two earned-on five hits in 6 1/3 innings . McGowan , who has won just once in his past six starts , walked four - one intentional- and struck out four . The Angels lost shortstop Erick Aybar in the first	True
Asked whether Aybar might land on the disabled list , Scioscia acknowledged that it was `` certainly a possibility . '' Aybar was injured when dove to his left to snare Rios ' grounder , catching his finger as he spun around to make the throw to first	False
Aybar was injured when dove to his left to snare Rios ' grounder , catching his finger as he spun around to make the throw to first . He came up clutching his pinky and wincing in pain . Robb Quinlan came on to play third base and Izturis moved from third	False
Robb Quinlan came on to play third base and Izturis moved from third to shortstop . Napoli reached base all four times . He drew three walks-two intenional-and was hit by a pitch in the sixth	True
The Indians got swept in Cincinnati for the first time because they could n't get clutch hits and they could n't handle a lineup that is finally starting to hit . Dunn was the difference-maker , driving in the go-ahead run in all three weekend games . He had a bases-loaded walk for 4 - 3 victory in the opener , then hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Votto 's two - run homer in the sixth put the Reds up 6 - 2 and ended Lee 's outing . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Detroit put runners in scoring position in each of the first five innings but could n't come up with a big hit . In the first	True
In the first , Johnson gave up back-to-back singles with one out before getting Magglio Ordonez to ground into a 4 - 6 - 6 double play . In the fourth	True
In the first , Johnson gave up back-to-back singles with one out before getting Magglio Ordonez to ground into a 4 - 6 - 6 double play . In the fourth , Johnson gave up a leadoff double to Miguel Cabrera , then struck out Marcus Thames , got Ryan Raburn on a pop to second	False
The Tigers went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position on Sunday , and 1 - for - 20 in the series . Detroit starter Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) retired 10 of the first 11 men he faced . In the fifth	True
Detroit starter Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) retired 10 of the first 11 men he faced . In the fifth , the Diamondbacks loaded the bases with no outs . Robertson struck out Johnson but then gave up a double to Young to deep center , putting the Diamondbacks ahead 2 - 0 . Robertson ran out of gas with two out in the sixth	True
Detroit starter Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) retired 10 of the first 11 men he faced . In the fifth , the Diamondbacks loaded the bases with no outs . Robertson struck out Johnson but then gave up a double to Young to deep center , putting the Diamondbacks ahead 2 - 0 . Robertson ran out of gas with two out in the sixth . He gave up a single to Reynolds and a double to Chris Burke , and Reynolds scored on Ordonez 's fielding error -- his first	False
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jo-Jo Reyes , fighting a blister on his left index finger and an overall case of the blahs , felt miserable before managing to pitch out of a bases-loaded jam with no outs in the second inning . The A 's had at least one baserunner in every inning but left runners stranded at third base in the second	True
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jo-Jo Reyes , fighting a blister on his left index finger and an overall case of the blahs , felt miserable before managing to pitch out of a bases-loaded jam with no outs in the second inning . The A 's had at least one baserunner in every inning but left runners stranded at third base in the second , sixth	True
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jo-Jo Reyes , fighting a blister on his left index finger and an overall case of the blahs , felt miserable before managing to pitch out of a bases-loaded jam with no outs in the second inning . The A 's had at least one baserunner in every inning but left runners stranded at third base in the second , sixth , seventh	True
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Jo-Jo Reyes , fighting a blister on his left index finger and an overall case of the blahs , felt miserable before managing to pitch out of a bases-loaded jam with no outs in the second inning . The A 's had at least one baserunner in every inning but left runners stranded at third base in the second , sixth , seventh and eighth	True
The A 's had at least one baserunner in every inning but left runners stranded at third base in the second , sixth , seventh and eighth . The A 's were 1 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position , leaving them 4 - for - 40 in their last six games of a nine - game road trip . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a two - run single in the second	True
The A 's had at least one baserunner in every inning but left runners stranded at third base in the second , sixth , seventh and eighth . The A 's were 1 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position , leaving them 4 - for - 40 in their last six games of a nine - game road trip . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a two - run single in the second that gave Atlanta the lead , and Omar Infante added a two - run triple in the eighth	True
The Braves won two of three in their first interleague series of the season , as the A 's could n't take advantage of ample scoring chances . Atlanta reliever Blaine Boyer pitched out of a final jam in the eighth	True
`` I did n't want to come out . It got worse in that last inning but I did n't want to pull myself out of the game . It was real sore today . '' Reyes first	False
Reyes was boosted by his second-inning escape from the bases-loaded jam . Reyes struck out Duchscherer and Rajai Davis and ended the inning on Crosby 's grounder to Teixeira at first base . The A 's knocked Reyes out of the game when Emil Brown led off the sixth	True
The A 's knocked Reyes out of the game when Emil Brown led off the sixth with a single and scored on Jack Hannahan 's double to center . But the A 's left runners on second	False
The A 's knocked Reyes out of the game when Emil Brown led off the sixth with a single and scored on Jack Hannahan 's double to center . But the A 's left runners on second and third	False
The A 's knocked Reyes out of the game when Emil Brown led off the sixth with a single and scored on Jack Hannahan 's double to center . But the A 's left runners on second and third in the sixth	False
But the A 's left runners on second and third in the sixth when reliever Jeff Bennett struck out pinch-hitter Daric Barton and ended the inning on Sweeney 's grounder to third baseman Chipper Jones . Manny Acosta recorded the final two outs in a non-save situation after Will Ohman struck out Sweeney to open the ninth	True
Manny Acosta recorded the final two outs in a non-save situation after Will Ohman struck out Sweeney to open the ninth . After Crosby 's homer , the Braves pulled even in the bottom of the first	True
After Crosby 's homer , the Braves pulled even in the bottom of the first . Brian McCann , who hit his first career homer off Duchscherer in 2005 , drove in Escobar with a double to right . Escobar 's two - run single in the second gave Atlanta a 3 - 1 lead . Escobar , who was thrown out at second	False
Escobar 's two - run single in the second gave Atlanta a 3 - 1 lead . Escobar , who was thrown out at second , drove in Kelly Johnson and Gregor Blanco , who opened the inning with singles . The Braves led only 3 - 2 before adding two runs in the eighth	True
Escobar 's two - run single in the second gave Atlanta a 3 - 1 lead . Escobar , who was thrown out at second , drove in Kelly Johnson and Gregor Blanco , who opened the inning with singles . The Braves led only 3 - 2 before adding two runs in the eighth off Alan Embree . Jones led off with a single and moved to third	False
Rich Harden ( 2 - 0 ) pitched seven strong innings in ending Atlanta 's eight - game home winning streak . The right-hander allowed four hits , one earned run , walked one and struck out eight . The Braves rallied from a 5 - 1 deficit with three runs in the ninth	True
Just the Braves . Atlanta 's only run off Harden came in the fifth	True
Atlanta 's only run off Harden came in the fifth , when he issued a two - out walk to Blanco . Pinch-hitter Ruben Gotay singled and Yunel Escobar ended an 0 - for - 12 slump with an RBI single . The A 's took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
Atlanta 's only run off Harden came in the fifth , when he issued a two - out walk to Blanco . Pinch-hitter Ruben Gotay singled and Yunel Escobar ended an 0 - for - 12 slump with an RBI single . The A 's took a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Daric Barton led off with a walk and Kurt Suzuki reached first	False
The A 's took a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Daric Barton led off with a walk and Kurt Suzuki reached first when Atlanta second baseman Johnson fielded his grounder and tried to tag Barton but missed . Sweeney followed with his home run . Oakland added a run in the third	True
Boston starter Tim Wakefield gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings under the lights , and left with a 5 - 1 lead . But David Aardsma allowed a pair of inherited runners to score and Craig Hansen gave up three unearned runs to give Milwaukee a 6 - 5 lead . The Red Sox answered in their half of the seventh	True
Boston starter Tim Wakefield gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings under the lights , and left with a 5 - 1 lead . But David Aardsma allowed a pair of inherited runners to score and Craig Hansen gave up three unearned runs to give Milwaukee a 6 - 5 lead . The Red Sox answered in their half of the seventh when Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia reached on errors , ending up on second	False
Boston starter Tim Wakefield gave up three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings under the lights , and left with a 5 - 1 lead . But David Aardsma allowed a pair of inherited runners to score and Craig Hansen gave up three unearned runs to give Milwaukee a 6 - 5 lead . The Red Sox answered in their half of the seventh when Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia reached on errors , ending up on second and third	False
The Red Sox answered in their half of the seventh when Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia reached on errors , ending up on second and third after third baseman Bill Hall threw a potential double play ball into right field . Ortiz 's grounder drove in a run and Youkilis blooped a single to right off Salomon Torres ( 3 - 1 ) . Hansen ( 1 - 2 ) got the win . Mike Timlin pitched the ninth	True
Just like the opener , Boston grabbed the lead in the first inning after the first two batters were retired , going ahead on Lowell 's two - run double . His two - run homer , a shot that cleared the seats above the Green Monster , gave the Red Sox a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
With Matsuzaka ( 7 - 0 ) on the mound in the opener , Boston did n't need any help from the Brewers ' shoddy defense . He gave up seven hits over 6 2/3 innings and tied the Angels ' Joe Saunders for the AL lead in wins . Dice-K held the Brewers scoreless until two outs in the seventh	True
Jason Varitek added a pair of doubles for the Red Sox , who avoided matching their longest losing streak this season . Boston had lost its previous four games to close a 10-game trip . Ortiz homered into the first row of the seats above the Monster in the second	True
Ortiz homered into the first row of the seats above the Monster in the second off Jeff Suppan ( 2 - 3 ) , driving in Julio Lugo and Ellsbury and extending the Red Sox lead to 4 - 0 . Matsuzaka walked the first batter he faced but settled down after that . He escaped a jam in the sixth	True
Ortiz homered into the first row of the seats above the Monster in the second off Jeff Suppan ( 2 - 3 ) , driving in Julio Lugo and Ellsbury and extending the Red Sox lead to 4 - 0 . Matsuzaka walked the first batter he faced but settled down after that . He escaped a jam in the sixth with runners on second	False
Ortiz homered into the first row of the seats above the Monster in the second off Jeff Suppan ( 2 - 3 ) , driving in Julio Lugo and Ellsbury and extending the Red Sox lead to 4 - 0 . Matsuzaka walked the first batter he faced but settled down after that . He escaped a jam in the sixth with runners on second and third	False
Suppan gave up four runs on nine hits in six innings , and lost for the third time in four starts . The Brewers have lost three straight overall . After retiring the first two batters in the first	True
Mixing curveballs and changeups with his trademark slider , Webb had the Rockies off stride for most of the night . Arizona manager Bob Melvin lifted Webb with one out in the eighth	True
Webb credited his offense for giving him plenty of support -- and none had a better night than Drew . He singled in the first	True
Webb credited his offense for giving him plenty of support -- and none had a better night than Drew . He singled in the first , tripled in the third	True
Webb credited his offense for giving him plenty of support -- and none had a better night than Drew . He singled in the first , tripled in the third and doubled in the fifth	False
Webb credited his offense for giving him plenty of support -- and none had a better night than Drew . He singled in the first , tripled in the third and doubled in the fifth against Colorado starter Aaron Cook . Drew had two chances at the cycle -- doubling in the sixth	True
Webb credited his offense for giving him plenty of support -- and none had a better night than Drew . He singled in the first , tripled in the third and doubled in the fifth against Colorado starter Aaron Cook . Drew had two chances at the cycle -- doubling in the sixth off Josh Newman and reaching on an error against Brian Fuentes in the eighth	True
But Cook struggled from the start , when the Diamondbacks greeted him with consecutive singles by Chris Young , Drew and Orlando Hudson . Young scored on Hudson 's hit . Cook stranded runners in scoring position in the second	True
But Cook struggled from the start , when the Diamondbacks greeted him with consecutive singles by Chris Young , Drew and Orlando Hudson . Young scored on Hudson 's hit . Cook stranded runners in scoring position in the second , third	True
But Cook struggled from the start , when the Diamondbacks greeted him with consecutive singles by Chris Young , Drew and Orlando Hudson . Young scored on Hudson 's hit . Cook stranded runners in scoring position in the second , third and fourth	True
But Cook struggled from the start , when the Diamondbacks greeted him with consecutive singles by Chris Young , Drew and Orlando Hudson . Young scored on Hudson 's hit . Cook stranded runners in scoring position in the second , third and fourth . The Diamondbacks finally got to him in the fifth	True
Snyder 's homer loomed large when the Rockies ' bats came to life in the late innings . Colorado made it 5 - 1 in the seventh	True
Snyder 's homer loomed large when the Rockies ' bats came to life in the late innings . Colorado made it 5 - 1 in the seventh on Chris Iannetta 's double , and pulled within 5 - 3 in the eighth	False
Colorado made it 5 - 1 in the seventh on Chris Iannetta 's double , and pulled within 5 - 3 in the eighth on Clint Barmes ' RBI groundout and Holliday 's single . Arizona answered with three in the eighth	False
Arizona answered with three in the eighth on Hudson 's single and a two - run triple by Justin Upton . But even with an 8 - 3 lead heading in to the ninth	True
But even with an 8 - 3 lead heading in to the ninth , Webb had to sweat out a little drama before he could claim the victory . The Rockies loaded the bases with no outs against Brandon Medders before Brandon Lyon came on to record his 12th save in 14 chances , and his 11th	False
But Lyon struck out Barmes and retired Holliday -- who had cost Lyon a save with a homer in Denver last month -- on a grounder to third	False
Hamels ( 5 - 3 ) gave up just four hits , struck out six and walked two in his first complete game of the season . Only two runners reached second base against Hamels , who has lasted at least seven innings in eight of his nine starts this season . Hamels retired 15 batters in a row between the first	True
Hamels threw 120 pitches , 85 for strikes , and had excellent command of all his pitches . Feliz supplied some quick offense with a solo homer in the first	True
Hamels threw 120 pitches , 85 for strikes , and had excellent command of all his pitches . Feliz supplied some quick offense with a solo homer in the first , and Howard followed with a 426-foot solo shot over the center field wall in the third	True
Feliz supplied some quick offense with a solo homer in the first , and Howard followed with a 426-foot solo shot over the center field wall in the third . The home run pushed Howard 's season-high hitting streak to seven games . Feliz drove in Pat Burrell later in the third	True
Feliz supplied some quick offense with a solo homer in the first , and Howard followed with a 426-foot solo shot over the center field wall in the third . The home run pushed Howard 's season-high hitting streak to seven games . Feliz drove in Pat Burrell later in the third , and Victorino hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	False
All three homers came against Braves starter Chuck James ( 2 - 3 ) , who allowed the five runs on six hits and five walks in four shaky innings . Jimmy Rollins added two hits and scored a run for the Phillies , who had every starter except for Chase Utley reach base on a hit . Rollins also stole a base in the first	True
The Tigers have scored only 11 runs in the six losses to Kansas City . Billy Butler 's two - run double keyed a three - run first	True
Billy Butler 's two - run double keyed a three - run first against Tigers left-hander Kenny Rogers ( 3 - 4 ) . Miguel Olivo doubled home Butler with the final run of the inning . The Royals added two more in the second	True
The Royals added two more in the second on an RBI single by Joey Gathright and Guillen 's bases-loaded walk after falling behind in the count 0 - 2 . Guillen homered leading off the fourth	True
Rogers , who was 3 - 0 in five starts since an April 13 loss , lasted just four innings while allowing seven runs and 11 hits . Every Royals starter had at least one hit off Rogers . Rookie Matt Joyce drove in two of the Tigers ' runs . He homered leading off the seventh	True
Rogers , who was 3 - 0 in five starts since an April 13 loss , lasted just four innings while allowing seven runs and 11 hits . Every Royals starter had at least one hit off Rogers . Rookie Matt Joyce drove in two of the Tigers ' runs . He homered leading off the seventh and hit a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Rogers , who was 3 - 0 in five starts since an April 13 loss , lasted just four innings while allowing seven runs and 11 hits . Every Royals starter had at least one hit off Rogers . Rookie Matt Joyce drove in two of the Tigers ' runs . He homered leading off the seventh and hit a sacrifice fly in the second . Ramon Santiago doubled in the fifth	True
Rookie Matt Joyce drove in two of the Tigers ' runs . He homered leading off the seventh and hit a sacrifice fly in the second . Ramon Santiago doubled in the fifth and scored on Curtis Granderson 's two - out single for Detroit 's other run off Meche . Magglio Ordonez and Carlos Guillen hit consecutive doubles in the eighth	True
Backed by three RBIs apiece from Soriano and Geovany Soto , who also homered , Lilly ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings . After striking out 10 against Arizona in his previous start , he fanned eight in the first four innings . He left after throwing 102 pitches on a 46-degree night . Cubs pitchers combined to strike out 15 against the Padres , whose 308 strikeouts are second	False
The wild pitch was costly . Manager Bud Black said Peavy 's pitch count got high in a short amount of time . He decided to pinch-hit for his standout starter in the fifth	True
Manager Bud Black said Peavy 's pitch count got high in a short amount of time . He decided to pinch-hit for his standout starter in the fifth with two on Soto 's RBI single in the third made it 4 - 0 , but San Diego closed within a run in the fifth	False
Soto 's RBI single in the third made it 4 - 0 , but San Diego closed within a run in the fifth on Tadahito Iguchi 's two - run single and Lilly 's wild pitch . Soto 's seventh homer , a two - run drive off Wilfredo Ledezma , put Chicago up 6 - 3 in the fifth	True
Soto 's RBI single in the third made it 4 - 0 , but San Diego closed within a run in the fifth on Tadahito Iguchi 's two - run single and Lilly 's wild pitch . Soto 's seventh homer , a two - run drive off Wilfredo Ledezma , put Chicago up 6 - 3 in the fifth . Khalil Greene 's sacrifice fly cut the margin , but Aramis Ramirez had an RBI double in the sixth	False
Soto 's seventh homer , a two - run drive off Wilfredo Ledezma , put Chicago up 6 - 3 in the fifth . Khalil Greene 's sacrifice fly cut the margin , but Aramis Ramirez had an RBI double in the sixth and Johnson a run-scoring double an inning later off Bryan Corney to make it 8 - 4 . Iguchi hit a bases-loaded single off Kerry Wood with two outs in the ninth	False
Halladay ( 4 - 5 ) has been the victim of poor run support all season , getting only 3.14 runs per outing entering Wednesday . Stairs ' slam in the first inning gave the right-hander a 4 - 0 advantage , but it was n't enough . The Twins answered back as Justin Morneau hit his seventh homer of the season in the bottom of the first	True
The Twins answered back as Justin Morneau hit his seventh homer of the season in the bottom of the first to make it 4 - 2 and Jason Kubel added an RBI double to make it 4 - 3 . Michael Cuddyer 's RBI groundout tied it in the third	True
Michael Cuddyer 's RBI groundout tied it in the third . Toronto regained the lead on Brad Wilkerson 's RBI single in the fourth	True
Toronto regained the lead on Brad Wilkerson 's RBI single in the fourth off Boof Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) . Leading 5 - 4 in the eighth	True
The play was no laughing matter for Twins manager Ron Gardenhire , who watched his team also give away Tuesday 's game with sloppy play . In addition to Crain 's blunder , Carlos Gomez was thrown out trying to advance to third	False
The play was no laughing matter for Twins manager Ron Gardenhire , who watched his team also give away Tuesday 's game with sloppy play . In addition to Crain 's blunder , Carlos Gomez was thrown out trying to advance to third on a comebacker to the pitcher and Delmon Young was picked off first	False
Rolen walked after a 15-pitch at-bat during the sixth inning of Tuesday 's game and Stairs followed with a home run . Stairs sent the first pitch he saw after Rolen 's most recent marathon at-bat into the first row of the upper deck in right field for his first grand slam since May 19 of last season and the 11th	False
Halladay pitched 6 2/3 innings , allowing four runs and nine hits . He struck out eight . Minnesota closed to within one on an RBI double by Kubel . Brian Tallet struck out pinch-hitter Brendan Harris to end the threat and strand Kubel on third	False
Minnesota closed to within one on an RBI double by Kubel . Brian Tallet struck out pinch-hitter Brendan Harris to end the threat and strand Kubel on third . Scott Downs pitched the ninth	True
Girardi held a 35-minute team meeting before the game , however the manager said it had nothing to do with Steinbrenner 's comments earlier in the day -- the co-chairman said the team needs to play harder and smarter . Cano , who 's batting .205 , tied a career high with four hits , including a RBI single in the fourth	True
Girardi held a 35-minute team meeting before the game , however the manager said it had nothing to do with Steinbrenner 's comments earlier in the day -- the co-chairman said the team needs to play harder and smarter . Cano , who 's batting .205 , tied a career high with four hits , including a RBI single in the fourth . Bobby Abreu drove in New York 's other run off James Shields ( 4 - 3 ) with a two - out double in the fifth	True
Cano , who 's batting .205 , tied a career high with four hits , including a RBI single in the fourth . Bobby Abreu drove in New York 's other run off James Shields ( 4 - 3 ) with a two - out double in the fifth . Joba Chamberlain struck out the side in the eighth -- and did n't pump his fist . Mariano Rivera bounced back from allowing the winning run in an 11-inning loss the previous night with a perfect ninth	True
Cano 's RBI single broke a scoreless tie , and Abreu 's pop fly down the left-field line dropped for a run-scoring double that made it 2 - 0 . That was all the support Mussina needed to get his 109th win as a Yankee . Carlos Pena had two of Tampa Bay 's five hits off the Yankees starter , who walked one and struck out four before being replaced by Ross Ohlendorf with a runner on first	False
Cano 's RBI single broke a scoreless tie , and Abreu 's pop fly down the left-field line dropped for a run-scoring double that made it 2 - 0 . That was all the support Mussina needed to get his 109th win as a Yankee . Carlos Pena had two of Tampa Bay 's five hits off the Yankees starter , who walked one and struck out four before being replaced by Ross Ohlendorf with a runner on first and one out in the seventh	True
`` As a starting pitcher ... do n't worry about the cold factor , just try to hit your spots and try to do the best you can to keep the inning quick . '' But the Cubs made sure the Padres could n't get off the field soon enough , scoring six runs in the fifth -- started by Zambrano 's double -- and adding five more in the sixth	True
Pitching with an extra day 's rest after his start Sunday was scratched because of rainy conditions , Zambrano ( 6 - 1 ) allowed six hits and three runs in seven innings . And he was part of a batting order that was on base all night . The Cubs ' first eight batters reached in the fifth	True
The Cubs ' first eight batters reached in the fifth on six hits and two walks . Randy Wolf ( 2 - 3 ) did n't retire a batter in the inning and in four - plus innings , he gave up eight hits , seven runs and five walks . Jody Gerut 's first homer in nearly three years gave the Padres a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the fifth	True
Ryan Theriot walked , Derrek Lee singled and Aramis Ramirez had an RBI single before Kosuke Fukudome worked a walk to load the bases . Geovany Soto 's two - run single through the middle made it 6 - 2 and finished Wolf . Mark DeRosa then greeted reliever Sean Henn with an RBI single . In the sixth	True
It got worse for the Padres , who have the worst record in the majors at 14 - 25 . When DeRosa hit a grounder to third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff , he tried to race to the bag for a force , but Ramirez beat him there . Kouzmanoff then threw wildly to first	False
Fukudome 's three walks were a big part of the Cubs ' offense . Lee 's double into the right-field corner scored Theriot , who singled , in the first	True
Fukudome 's three walks were a big part of the Cubs ' offense . Lee 's double into the right-field corner scored Theriot , who singled , in the first to put the Cubs ahead 1 - 0 . Tadahito Iguchi hit an RBI single in the third	True
Sanchez 's three - run double in the fifth inning put Pittsburgh ahead , leading Duke and the streaking Pirates past the Atlanta Braves 5 - 0 Monday in the first game of a doubleheader . Duke ( 2 - 2 ) shook off five walks and three errors behind him to limit Atlanta to five hits over six innings , and the Pirates won their sixth	False
Duke had n't won since June 12 , a span of 12 outings over two seasons , until beating the Giants 12 - 6 by allowing three runs over 7 1/3 innings on Tuesday . The left-hander had n't won successive starts since beating the Brewers and Mets , respectively , on Sept. 11 and 17 , 2006 , but has allowed three runs or fewer in six of eight starts this season . Jurrjens ( 4 - 3 ) got himself into trouble in the fifth	True
After Duke struck out , Sanchez -- 10 - for - 24 ( .417 ) with eight RBIs as a leadoff batter since moving up one spot in the order last week -- cleared the bases with a double to right-center . Adam LaRoche added a two - run homer , his fourth	False
After Duke struck out , Sanchez -- 10 - for - 24 ( .417 ) with eight RBIs as a leadoff batter since moving up one spot in the order last week -- cleared the bases with a double to right-center . Adam LaRoche added a two - run homer , his fourth , following Ryan Doumit 's leadoff double in the eighth	True
Ian Kinsler had three hits for the Rangers , who had won nine of their previous 11 . With the game tied at 6 , Bobby Crosby led off the seventh	True
Ian Kinsler had three hits for the Rangers , who had won nine of their previous 11 . With the game tied at 6 , Bobby Crosby led off the seventh with a double , then stopped at third	False
Ian Kinsler had three hits for the Rangers , who had won nine of their previous 11 . With the game tied at 6 , Bobby Crosby led off the seventh with a double , then stopped at third on Ellis ' single . Rangers reliever Franklyn German 's pickoff attempt had Ellis in a rundown between first	False
Ian Kinsler had three hits for the Rangers , who had won nine of their previous 11 . With the game tied at 6 , Bobby Crosby led off the seventh with a double , then stopped at third on Ellis ' single . Rangers reliever Franklyn German 's pickoff attempt had Ellis in a rundown between first and second	False
With the game tied at 6 , Bobby Crosby led off the seventh with a double , then stopped at third on Ellis ' single . Rangers reliever Franklyn German 's pickoff attempt had Ellis in a rundown between first and second , but when Crosby broke for the plate , Rangers first baseman Frank Catalanotto threw late to catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia as Crosby scored to put the A 's in front . Ryan Sweeney added a sacrifice fly later in the seventh	False
Ryan Sweeney added a sacrifice fly later in the seventh to extend Oakland 's lead to 8 - 6 , and Brown 's RBI single in the eighth made it 9 - 6 . Daric Barton added a two - run homer in the ninth	False
The A 's activated Rich Harden from the 15-day disabled list to make his first start since April 2 , but he could n't hold a four - run first-inning lead . Harden was placed on the 15-day disabled list April 10 with a strained right shoulder . In the first	True
Ponson tried to throw a sinker down and away to Brown but left the pitch over the plate . Saltalamacchia 's two - run single in a four - run third tied it for the Rangers , who took a 5 - 4 edge in the fourth	True
Harden allowed five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Ponson walked Jack Cust with the bases loaded in the sixth	True
Said Royals manager Trey Hillman : `` The intentional walk was because I think Huff is less dangerous at this point and time than Markakis . Nick 's more dangerous on all pitches . '' Huff , who has hit safely in 18 of his past 20 games , went deep with two outs in the fifth	True
Huff , who has hit safely in 18 of his past 20 games , went deep with two outs in the fifth to make it 5 - 2 . Freddie Bynum led off the inning with a single . Mora hit a two - out homer in the third	True
Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) , who was winless in his last five starts , gave up two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He lasted just three innings in each of his previous two starts , allowing 11 runs and 12 hits with seven walks in six innings . Alex Gordon hit a two - run drive off Trachsel in the first	True
Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) , who was winless in his last five starts , gave up two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He lasted just three innings in each of his previous two starts , allowing 11 runs and 12 hits with seven walks in six innings . Alex Gordon hit a two - run drive off Trachsel in the first for his team-best fifth homer of the season . He also had a run-scoring single in the seventh	True
Alex Gordon hit a two - run drive off Trachsel in the first for his team-best fifth homer of the season . He also had a run-scoring single in the seventh for a season-best three RBIs . Trachsel pitched out of a one - out jam in the second	True
Alex Gordon hit a two - run drive off Trachsel in the first for his team-best fifth homer of the season . He also had a run-scoring single in the seventh for a season-best three RBIs . Trachsel pitched out of a one - out jam in the second with runners on second	False
Alex Gordon hit a two - run drive off Trachsel in the first for his team-best fifth homer of the season . He also had a run-scoring single in the seventh for a season-best three RBIs . Trachsel pitched out of a one - out jam in the second with runners on second and third	False
Trachsel pitched out of a one - out jam in the second with runners on second and third by retiring Alberto Callaspo and David DeJesus on grounders . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
Meche ( 2 - 5 ) went five innings for the Royals , allowing five runs and six hits . His ERA ballooned to 6.31 . The Orioles tacked on two runs in the seventh	True
The Orioles tacked on two runs in the seventh . Markakis scored on Ramon Ramirez 's wild pitch and Kevin Millar singled in Huff . George Sherrill worked the ninth	False
Shields pitched a one - hitter and Evan Longoria 's two - run , ninth-inning homer gave the surging Rays a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . The victory was Tampa Bay 's 11th	False
Shields ( 4 - 2 ) rebounded from the second-shortest outing of his career for his second shutout in his past three starts . The 26-year-old right-hander limited the Angels to Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the third	True
Shields ( 4 - 2 ) rebounded from the second-shortest outing of his career for his second shutout in his past three starts . The 26-year-old right-hander limited the Angels to Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the third and retired the last 17 batters he faced after hitting Erick Aybar with a pitch in the fourth	True
The 26-year-old right-hander limited the Angels to Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the third and retired the last 17 batters he faced after hitting Erick Aybar with a pitch in the fourth . Thanks to some nice plays behind him , including Carl Crawford 's diving catch in the gap to rob Mike Napoli of an extra-base hit in the third	True
Thanks to some nice plays behind him , including Carl Crawford 's diving catch in the gap to rob Mike Napoli of an extra-base hit in the third , Shields faced just 28 batters -- one over the minimum and a Rays record for a complete game . Angels starter Jon Garland allowed no runs and four hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out two before being replaced by Justin Speier ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up a leadoff single to B. J. Upton in the ninth	True
Angels starter Jon Garland allowed no runs and four hits in eight innings . He walked three and struck out two before being replaced by Justin Speier ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up a leadoff single to B. J. Upton in the ninth . Carlos Pena , who had two of Tampa Bay 's hits off Garland , grounded to first base , moving Upton to second	False
Garland allowed three walks and three singles over the same stretch . But only one of the runners got as far as second base , and the Angels helped their starter with a pair of double plays . The Rays wasted their best opportunity to score off Garland in the eighth	True
The Mariners have lost seven of eight . Padilla had much do to with the Mariners ' muted bats . He opened the game by hitting Ichiro Suzuki but he did n't allow him to advance past first	False
The Mariners have lost seven of eight . Padilla had much do to with the Mariners ' muted bats . He opened the game by hitting Ichiro Suzuki but he did n't allow him to advance past first . In the second	True
Padilla had much do to with the Mariners ' muted bats . He opened the game by hitting Ichiro Suzuki but he did n't allow him to advance past first . In the second , Yuniesky Betancourt had a one - out single to center but he was eliminated on a double play . The next 12 batters were retired by Padilla until Suzuki 's two - out single in the sixth	True
The next 12 batters were retired by Padilla until Suzuki 's two - out single in the sixth . The hit raised Suzuki 's average against Padilla to .571 ( 16 of 28 ) . But Padilla struck out Jose Lopez to end the inning . Padilla ran into trouble of his own making in the seventh	True
Padilla , who used his mid-90s fastball for much of the game , said once the two runners reached he could n't mix in his breaking pitches . Bedard , who allowed a couple harmless singles through three innings , yielded a one - out single to Bradley in the fourth	True
Bedard , who allowed a couple harmless singles through three innings , yielded a one - out single to Bradley in the fourth . With two outs , Brandon Boggs hit a run-scoring triple into the left-center gap . Bradley scored easily and Boggs reached third without a throw . Bradley hit an 0 - 1 pitch from Bedard into the left-field bullpen with two outs in the sixth	True
Bradley hit an 0 - 1 pitch from Bedard into the left-field bullpen with two outs in the sixth for his fourth home run . C. J. Wilson came on in the ninth	True
Los Angeles Angels ' 5 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals . After going almost two weeks without driving in a run , Anderson has two homers and seven RBIs in two games in Kansas City . He had a two - run shot Monday night and victimized Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) for a three - run drive Tuesday that tied it 3-all in the fourth	True
After going almost two weeks without driving in a run , Anderson has two homers and seven RBIs in two games in Kansas City . He had a two - run shot Monday night and victimized Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) for a three - run drive Tuesday that tied it 3-all in the fourth . Then he made it 4 - 3 with an RBI single in the fifth	True
After going almost two weeks without driving in a run , Anderson has two homers and seven RBIs in two games in Kansas City . He had a two - run shot Monday night and victimized Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) for a three - run drive Tuesday that tied it 3-all in the fourth . Then he made it 4 - 3 with an RBI single in the fifth and 5 - 3 with a second RBI single in the seventh	False
Nick Adenhart went 4 1/3 innings in his second major league start and gave up three runs and six hits . He walked five . The 21-year-old right-hander left several exasperated batters glowering at plate umpire Mike Everitt , who called three third strikes and appeared to be giving the rookie right-hander a generous portion of both the inside and outside corner of the plate . Adenhart was lifted after walking Billy Butler and Alex Gordon with one out in the fifth	True
Adenhart was lifted after walking Billy Butler and Alex Gordon with one out in the fifth and the bullpen proceeded to shut down the American League 's poorest-scoring offense , preserving the Angels ' sixth win in eight games . Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) struck out Mark Teahen and Miguel Olivo to end the fifth	True
Adenhart was lifted after walking Billy Butler and Alex Gordon with one out in the fifth and the bullpen proceeded to shut down the American League 's poorest-scoring offense , preserving the Angels ' sixth win in eight games . Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) struck out Mark Teahen and Miguel Olivo to end the fifth and got the victory with 1 2/3 innings of relief , getting five outs on only 15 pitches . Francisco Rodriguez , the fifth Angel pitcher , worked a perfect ninth	True
Anderson was so hot , he was hitting Bannister even when he was n't supposed to . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead off Adenhart on back-to-back RBI doubles by Olivo and Ross Gload in the second	True
Anderson was so hot , he was hitting Bannister even when he was n't supposed to . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead off Adenhart on back-to-back RBI doubles by Olivo and Ross Gload in the second and Gordon 's RBI double in the third	True
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead off Adenhart on back-to-back RBI doubles by Olivo and Ross Gload in the second and Gordon 's RBI double in the third . Kansas City , which came into the game with an AL-low 107 runs , loaded the bases against Justin Speier with one out in the seventh	True
Blue Jays pitchers have a major league-best 1.02 ERA since April 26 , helping Toronto win five in a row after losing eight of nine . Stairs hit a leadoff homer in the seventh	True
Monday 's loss was Chicago 's season-high sixth straight and the White Sox have dropped nine of 12 overall . They 've scored nine runs in their past six games and have the American League 's lowest batting average at .229 . Guillen tried a new-look lineup Monday , putting Orlando Cabrera in the leadoff spot , bumping Quentin to second	False
Monday 's loss was Chicago 's season-high sixth straight and the White Sox have dropped nine of 12 overall . They 've scored nine runs in their past six games and have the American League 's lowest batting average at .229 . Guillen tried a new-look lineup Monday , putting Orlando Cabrera in the leadoff spot , bumping Quentin to second and dropping Nick Swisher to sixth	False
Guillen tried a new-look lineup Monday , putting Orlando Cabrera in the leadoff spot , bumping Quentin to second and dropping Nick Swisher to sixth . It did n't help , as Chicago continued to struggle with men on base . The White Sox are 7 - for - 61 ( .115 ) with runners in scoring position over the past nine games . Juan Uribe 's single and Toby Hall 's double put runners at second	False
Guillen tried a new-look lineup Monday , putting Orlando Cabrera in the leadoff spot , bumping Quentin to second and dropping Nick Swisher to sixth . It did n't help , as Chicago continued to struggle with men on base . The White Sox are 7 - for - 61 ( .115 ) with runners in scoring position over the past nine games . Juan Uribe 's single and Toby Hall 's double put runners at second and third	False
Guillen tried a new-look lineup Monday , putting Orlando Cabrera in the leadoff spot , bumping Quentin to second and dropping Nick Swisher to sixth . It did n't help , as Chicago continued to struggle with men on base . The White Sox are 7 - for - 61 ( .115 ) with runners in scoring position over the past nine games . Juan Uribe 's single and Toby Hall 's double put runners at second and third with none out in the third	True
Juan Uribe 's single and Toby Hall 's double put runners at second and third with none out in the third , but Cabrera grounded out , Quentin flied out and Jim Thome struck out swinging . Those were the first three in a stretch of 16 consecutive outs by McGowan , who did n't allow another baserunner until Uribe 's broken-bat single with one out in the eighth	True
Those were the first three in a stretch of 16 consecutive outs by McGowan , who did n't allow another baserunner until Uribe 's broken-bat single with one out in the eighth . McGowan turned it over to Jesse Carlson , who hit pinch-hitter A. J. Pierzynski with a pitch to put runners at first	False
Those were the first three in a stretch of 16 consecutive outs by McGowan , who did n't allow another baserunner until Uribe 's broken-bat single with one out in the eighth . McGowan turned it over to Jesse Carlson , who hit pinch-hitter A. J. Pierzynski with a pitch to put runners at first and second	False
Toronto , which came in with the third-fewest runs in the AL ( 130 ) , could n't get much going against Vazquez . Shannon Stewart hit a one - out single in the fourth	True
Toronto , which came in with the third-fewest runs in the AL ( 130 ) , could n't get much going against Vazquez . Shannon Stewart hit a one - out single in the fourth and went to third	False
Toronto , which came in with the third-fewest runs in the AL ( 130 ) , could n't get much going against Vazquez . Shannon Stewart hit a one - out single in the fourth and went to third on Scott Rolen 's single , but Rolen was tagged out after getting hung up between first	False
Toronto , which came in with the third-fewest runs in the AL ( 130 ) , could n't get much going against Vazquez . Shannon Stewart hit a one - out single in the fourth and went to third on Scott Rolen 's single , but Rolen was tagged out after getting hung up between first and second	False
Shannon Stewart hit a one - out single in the fourth and went to third on Scott Rolen 's single , but Rolen was tagged out after getting hung up between first and second . Stairs grounded out to end the inning . Stewart hit a two - out triple in the fifth	False
Stewart hit a two - out triple in the fifth , but Rolen grounded out . In the seventh	True
Washburn was more cautious , because he 's had this injury before . He missed the last two scheduled starts of 2006 with it . After feeling what he called `` a pop '' on his last pitch of the sixth	True
Washburn was more cautious , because he 's had this injury before . He missed the last two scheduled starts of 2006 with it . After feeling what he called `` a pop '' on his last pitch of the sixth , Washburn gave up a single to Gerald Laird , a double to Michael Young and a two - run double to Milton Bradley in the seventh	True
Brandon Boggs drove in Bradley with a groundout against reliever Sean Green to make it 7 - 3 . Sexson hit a solo home run , his seventh	False
Brandon Boggs drove in Bradley with a groundout against reliever Sean Green to make it 7 - 3 . Sexson hit a solo home run , his seventh of the season , and Balentien hit a three - run homer off Millwood in the third	True
Sexson hit a solo home run , his seventh of the season , and Balentien hit a three - run homer off Millwood in the third to put the Mariners up 7 - 0 . Balentien 's was a no-doubt drive that banged off a fence and stairwell far above the Rangers ' bullpen . It was the third home run in 22 major league at-bats for Balentien , who has started every game since Seattle recalled him April 30 from Triple-A Tacoma to replace released right fielder Brad Wilkerson . Putz , an All-Star last season who has struggled with injuries and wildness lately , made his first appearance since blowing a save at Cleveland on Thursday . He allowed two hits in the ninth	True
Cook mixed his sinker and fastball to record 17 groundouts , and at one point he recorded five straight . He scattered nine hits and struck out two . He left after giving up Juan Pierre 's RBI single that made it 6 - 2 . Cook retired the first 10 batters and 13 of the first 14 . He gave up a one - out solo homer to Ethier and a single to Blake DeWitt in the fifth	True
Cook retired the first 10 batters and 13 of the first 14 . He gave up a one - out solo homer to Ethier and a single to Blake DeWitt in the fifth , but he got Chin-lung Hu to hit into an inning-ending double play . Pinch-hitter Delwyn Young led off the sixth	True
Pinch-hitter Delwyn Young led off the sixth with a single , but Cook got hot-hitting Rafael Furcal to ground into a double play . The Rockies jumped on Lowe early . Omar Quintanilla doubled home Scott Podsednik , Holliday singled home Quintanilla , and then Lowe walked two to load the bases with no outs . He had already thrown more than 40 pitches by the time he got his first	False
Pinch-hitter Delwyn Young led off the sixth with a single , but Cook got hot-hitting Rafael Furcal to ground into a double play . The Rockies jumped on Lowe early . Omar Quintanilla doubled home Scott Podsednik , Holliday singled home Quintanilla , and then Lowe walked two to load the bases with no outs . He had already thrown more than 40 pitches by the time he got his first out , but he minimized the damage by allowing only one more run in the first	True
The Rockies jumped on Lowe early . Omar Quintanilla doubled home Scott Podsednik , Holliday singled home Quintanilla , and then Lowe walked two to load the bases with no outs . He had already thrown more than 40 pitches by the time he got his first out , but he minimized the damage by allowing only one more run in the first . It took him 51 pitches to get out of the first inning . Lowe settled down after that , and he retired 11 straight at one stretch before Cook singled to lead off the fifth	True
Lowe settled down after that , and he retired 11 straight at one stretch before Cook singled to lead off the fifth . He gave up RBI singles to Holliday and Garrett Atkins and left after the fifth inning . The Rockies cushioned their lead in the sixth	True
Reyes had four hits and was thrown out at the plate in the eighth inning while trying to complete the cycle with an inside-the-park homer , leading the Mets over the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 Friday night . Reyes had two triples -- the fourth time in his career he 's accomplished the feat -- and scored three times . He motored around the bases after hitting a long drive off the center-field wall in the eighth	True
John Maine ( 3 - 2 ) scattered six hits over six innings , allowing two runs with two walks and six strikeouts for his fourth win in five starts . The Mets pushed across three in the first	True
John Maine ( 3 - 2 ) scattered six hits over six innings , allowing two runs with two walks and six strikeouts for his fourth win in five starts . The Mets pushed across three in the first and one in the second	False
The Mets pushed across three in the first and one in the second against Micah Owings ( 4 - 1 ) . Reyes hit the game 's first pitch to the right-center field wall for a triple and scored on a sacrifice fly by Church . Wright singled and Carlos Beltran walked before Moises Alou , just activated off the disabled list , hit what could have been a double-play grounder to second	False
Carlos Delgado followed with a sharp single to right , scoring Beltran to make it 3 - 0 . Reyes doubled with two outs in the second	True
Miguel Montero doubled in Justin Upton in the bottom half and Chris Young added an RBI single to cut it to 4 - 2 . Church hit a two - out line drive into the right-field stands in the fourth	True
Miguel Montero doubled in Justin Upton in the bottom half and Chris Young added an RBI single to cut it to 4 - 2 . Church hit a two - out line drive into the right-field stands in the fourth and Wright went deep for a two - run shot with two outs in the sixth	True
The Marlins have lost three in a row for the first time this year . They fell out of the lead in the NL East , percentage points behind the New York Mets . With the score 3-all , Rafael Furcal walked to lead off the ninth	True
Torre liked the way the Dodgers scratched out the tiebreaking run . Kemp then stole second	False
Torre liked the way the Dodgers scratched out the tiebreaking run . Kemp then stole second , and after a walk , he scored when the Marlins made two throwing errors on a grounder to the pitcher . Gregg threw high to second trying for a forceout , and second baseman Robert Andino made a wild relay throw to first	False
Kemp then stole second , and after a walk , he scored when the Marlins made two throwing errors on a grounder to the pitcher . Gregg threw high to second trying for a forceout , and second baseman Robert Andino made a wild relay throw to first . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) threw one pitch , retiring Jeremy Hermida on a popup to end the eighth	True
Kemp then stole second , and after a walk , he scored when the Marlins made two throwing errors on a grounder to the pitcher . Gregg threw high to second trying for a forceout , and second baseman Robert Andino made a wild relay throw to first . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) threw one pitch , retiring Jeremy Hermida on a popup to end the eighth . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth	True
Matt Treanor became Florida 's first baserunner when his wind-blown fly in the third dropped for a single . He scored on a two - out double by Hanley Ramirez . The Dodgers tied it in the fourth	True
Matt Treanor became Florida 's first baserunner when his wind-blown fly in the third dropped for a single . He scored on a two - out double by Hanley Ramirez . The Dodgers tied it in the fourth . Pierre was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
The Dodgers tied it in the fourth . Pierre was hit by a pitch , stole second and came home on Andre Ethier 's two - out single . Pierre -- still adjusting to his new role as a part-time player -- hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
Texas led by a run when Guardado trotted in from the bullpen and started to warm up . He quickly stopped , rubbed his left shoulder and , with the Texas trainer looking on , left the game . He was listed as day-to-day . Rodriguez hit his 16th homer of the season , a solo shot that sailed deep toward Monument Park in the fourth	True
Rodriguez hit his 16th homer of the season , a solo shot that sailed deep toward Monument Park in the fourth . Jason Giambi made a bid to tie it in the sixth	True
Francisco relieved and struck out Jorge Posada to keep it 2 - 1 . Texas took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Texas took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Kinsler doubled and Hamilton singled for his major league-leading 80th RBI . David Murphy drew a leadoff walk in the fourth	False
Dodgers manager Joe Torre gave Lackey credit . Rodriguez , who came in with two outs in the ninth	True
Dodgers manager Joe Torre gave Lackey credit . Rodriguez , who came in with two outs in the ninth and runners on first	False
Dodgers manager Joe Torre gave Lackey credit . Rodriguez , who came in with two outs in the ninth and runners on first and second	False
Dodgers manager Joe Torre gave Lackey credit . Rodriguez , who came in with two outs in the ninth and runners on first and second , walked Jeff Kent to load the bases , then got James Loney on a routine grounder to second	False
Lowe pitched well , holding the Angels to one run on five hits and two walks in his seven innings . He struck out seven . Lackey was even better , limiting the Dodgers to a walk in the first	True
Lowe pitched well , holding the Angels to one run on five hits and two walks in his seven innings . He struck out seven . Lackey was even better , limiting the Dodgers to a walk in the first , a single by Kent in the second	True
Lowe pitched well , holding the Angels to one run on five hits and two walks in his seven innings . He struck out seven . Lackey was even better , limiting the Dodgers to a walk in the first , a single by Kent in the second , and a single by Juan Pierre in the sixth	True
Lowe pitched well , holding the Angels to one run on five hits and two walks in his seven innings . He struck out seven . Lackey was even better , limiting the Dodgers to a walk in the first , a single by Kent in the second , and a single by Juan Pierre in the sixth before giving up a single to Delwyn Young and a walk to Russell Martin in the ninth	True
Lackey was even better , limiting the Dodgers to a walk in the first , a single by Kent in the second , and a single by Juan Pierre in the sixth before giving up a single to Delwyn Young and a walk to Russell Martin in the ninth . Rodriguez , who has blown just two saves this year , came on and his wild pitch allowed Young to advance to third	False
Lackey was even better , limiting the Dodgers to a walk in the first , a single by Kent in the second , and a single by Juan Pierre in the sixth before giving up a single to Delwyn Young and a walk to Russell Martin in the ninth . Rodriguez , who has blown just two saves this year , came on and his wild pitch allowed Young to advance to third , with Martin holding at first	False
Rodriguez , who has blown just two saves this year , came on and his wild pitch allowed Young to advance to third , with Martin holding at first . After Kent walked , Rodriguez retired Loney . Pierre left the game in the sixth	True
Rodriguez , who has blown just two saves this year , came on and his wild pitch allowed Young to advance to third , with Martin holding at first . After Kent walked , Rodriguez retired Loney . Pierre left the game in the sixth after injuring his left knee sliding . Angels shortstop Erick Aybar fell on Pierre as he was stealing second	False
Young replaced Pierre as a pinch-runner and remained in the game in left . The Dodgers took the opener 6 - 0 , then won the second game 1 - 0 without the benefit of a hit . Weaver pitched six hitless innings before being lifted for a pinch-hitter , and Arredondo retired six in a row over the next two innings , but it did n't count as a no-hitter since the Dodgers did n't bat in the ninth	True
Bay 's hit highlighted a game that was tied three times and featured some clutch pinch-hitting in the late innings . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead with a run in the seventh	True
Bay 's hit highlighted a game that was tied three times and featured some clutch pinch-hitting in the late innings . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead with a run in the seventh . Adam LaRoche drew a walk against Tampa Bay starter Edwin Jackson leading off . Bautista sacrificed him to second	False
The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead with a run in the seventh . Adam LaRoche drew a walk against Tampa Bay starter Edwin Jackson leading off . Bautista sacrificed him to second . After an out , Doug Mientkiewicz , pinch-hitting for reliever Tyler Yates , drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the center-field gap for a run-scoring double . Tampa Bay tied it with its first batter in the eighth	False
Tampa Bay tied it with its first batter in the eighth . Jonny Gomes , hitting for Eric Hinske , capped a 15-pitch at-bat against reliever Damaso Marte with his sixth home run of the season . Emergency starter Ty Taubenheim pitched six effective innings for Pittsburgh . He allowed two runs and seven hits , struck out four batters and walked three . He also drove in his first career run with a double in the fifth	True
Carl Crawford singled and Hinske walked in the first ahead of Longoria 's 15th homer , a drive to left-center that made it 3 - 0 only five batters into the game . In the third	True
Carl Crawford singled and Hinske walked in the first ahead of Longoria 's 15th homer , a drive to left-center that made it 3 - 0 only five batters into the game . In the third , Hinske hit a 3 - 1 pitch deep into the right-field seats with two on and none out for his 13th	False
In the third , Hinske hit a 3 - 1 pitch deep into the right-field seats with two on and none out for his 13th . Dioner Navarro added an RBI double later in the inning , making it 7 - 0 . Hinske and Crawford also scored three runs as the Rays ' Nos . 1 - 5 hitters combined for 13 of their 15 hits . Crawford hit a solo homer , his eighth	False
In the third , Hinske hit a 3 - 1 pitch deep into the right-field seats with two on and none out for his 13th . Dioner Navarro added an RBI double later in the inning , making it 7 - 0 . Hinske and Crawford also scored three runs as the Rays ' Nos . 1 - 5 hitters combined for 13 of their 15 hits . Crawford hit a solo homer , his eighth , off Sean Burnett in the sixth	True
The Rays have scored 37 runs while winning their last four . The Pirates , giving up 10 runs for the second time in as many games , could n't overcome Barthmaier 's shaky debut despite scoring four runs in the fourth	True
The Pirates , giving up 10 runs for the second time in as many games , could n't overcome Barthmaier 's shaky debut despite scoring four runs in the fourth against Scott Kazmir ( 7 - 3 ) . Kazmir won for the first time in four starts despite lasting only five innings . He has n't pitched longer than 5 2 - 3 innings in his last three starts . Kazmir did n't allow a hit until Freddy Sanchez hit his fifth homer leading off the fourth	True
Kazmir did n't allow a hit until Freddy Sanchez hit his fifth homer leading off the fourth , but went on to allow four runs in the inning on Chris Gomez 's RBI single and Jack Wilson 's two - run single . Tampa Bay came back with three more runs on Crawford 's homer , plus Carlos Pena 's sacrifice fly and Jason Bartlett 's run-scoring single in a two - run seventh	True
Tampa Bay came back with three more runs on Crawford 's homer , plus Carlos Pena 's sacrifice fly and Jason Bartlett 's run-scoring single in a two - run seventh against John Grabow . Pena played for the first time since breaking his left index finger June 3 in Boston , batting sixth -- two spots lower than usual . Reliever Denny Bautista , acquired in a trade Wednesday with Detroit , also made his Pirates debut but came out after being hit in the right forearm by Akinori Iwamura 's line-drive single in the fourth	True
Paige , at 59 years , 81 days , allowed just one hit in three shutout innings . Bill Monbouquette , at 29 years , 45 days , pitched a complete game for a 5 - 2 win over the host Kansas City Athletics . They were a combined 88 years , 126 days old . Johnson was out of the game by the time Kevin Cash hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Wakefield struck out six , walked one and has allowed three runs or fewer in at least seven innings in six straight starts . Manny Delcarmen struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Wakefield struck out six , walked one and has allowed three runs or fewer in at least seven innings in six straight starts . Manny Delcarmen struck out two in a perfect eighth and Jonathan Papelbon struck out Chad Tracy for his 23rd save in 27 chances after Craig Hansen loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
Moss , playing right field while lefty J. D. Drew rested against lefty Johnson , drove in two runs without getting a hit . The Red Sox put runners at second	False
Moss , playing right field while lefty J. D. Drew rested against lefty Johnson , drove in two runs without getting a hit . The Red Sox put runners at second and third	False
Moss , playing right field while lefty J. D. Drew rested against lefty Johnson , drove in two runs without getting a hit . The Red Sox put runners at second and third with no outs in the second	True
The Red Sox put runners at second and third with no outs in the second on a single by Mike Lowell and a double by Crisp . With one out , Moss had an RBI grounder . Johnson struck out the leadoff batter in the sixth	True
Jose Reyes added a three - run homer and Maine did n't allow a hit until Jeremy Reed singled leading off the fifth inning . The Mets took advantage of five early walks by Miguel Batista and won the finale of a three - game set between underachieving $ 100 million teams with interim managers even though they were outhit 6 - 5 . New York scored just two runs in the first game of the series and lost 11 - 0 in the second	False
New York improved to 4 - 4 under Manuel , who promised to make changes to the lineup after the drubbing Tuesday -- but there were no major adjustments Wednesday . He did have the team on the field early for defensive drills and Wright looked loose , playfully adjusting Manuel 's hat on his head while the manager talked to him and Reyes at deep shortstop . It carried over into the first inning as Wright homered for the first time since June 10 , a span of 50 at-bats . He then hit a two - run shot for his 14th	False
New York improved to 4 - 4 under Manuel , who promised to make changes to the lineup after the drubbing Tuesday -- but there were no major adjustments Wednesday . He did have the team on the field early for defensive drills and Wright looked loose , playfully adjusting Manuel 's hat on his head while the manager talked to him and Reyes at deep shortstop . It carried over into the first inning as Wright homered for the first time since June 10 , a span of 50 at-bats . He then hit a two - run shot for his 14th of the season off Batista ( 3 - 10 ) in the second	True
It carried over into the first inning as Wright homered for the first time since June 10 , a span of 50 at-bats . He then hit a two - run shot for his 14th of the season off Batista ( 3 - 10 ) in the second , just yards from the spot in the left-field bleachers where his first one landed . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) breezed into the fifth	True
It carried over into the first inning as Wright homered for the first time since June 10 , a span of 50 at-bats . He then hit a two - run shot for his 14th of the season off Batista ( 3 - 10 ) in the second , just yards from the spot in the left-field bleachers where his first one landed . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) breezed into the fifth , issuing a walk to Willie Bloomquist in the third	True
It carried over into the first inning as Wright homered for the first time since June 10 , a span of 50 at-bats . He then hit a two - run shot for his 14th of the season off Batista ( 3 - 10 ) in the second , just yards from the spot in the left-field bleachers where his first one landed . Maine ( 8 - 5 ) breezed into the fifth , issuing a walk to Willie Bloomquist in the third for his only base runner . But Reed and Richie Sexson singled to start the fifth	True
Maine gave up two runs and five hits in six innings overall . Aaron Heilman allowed a hit in the seventh	True
Maine gave up two runs and five hits in six innings overall . Aaron Heilman allowed a hit in the seventh , Joe Smith pitched the eighth	True
Maine gave up two runs and five hits in six innings overall . Aaron Heilman allowed a hit in the seventh , Joe Smith pitched the eighth and Duaner Sanchez finished the six - hitter with a perfect ninth	True
Aaron Heilman allowed a hit in the seventh , Joe Smith pitched the eighth and Duaner Sanchez finished the six - hitter with a perfect ninth . Reyes led off the first	True
Reyes led off the first with a walk , stole his 27th base and advanced on a wild pitch before scoring on Luis Castillo 's groundout ahead of Wright 's solo homer . The Mets scored four runs off Batista in the third	True
Reyes led off the first with a walk , stole his 27th base and advanced on a wild pitch before scoring on Luis Castillo 's groundout ahead of Wright 's solo homer . The Mets scored four runs off Batista in the third on one hit , Reyes ' three - run homer . All four runs were unearned thanks to third baseman Adrian Beltre 's throwing error to second base that allowed Carlos Delgado , who was hit by a pitch , to advance to third	False
`` I was getting tired , '' Stults admitted . `` I mean , the adrenaline 's still going , but I did feel like I started losing command of my pitches . So you could tell that fatigue was starting to set in . When you 're in that situation , you try to do everything you can to get outs . So I went at them with fastballs and I was fortunate to get three fly ball outs . '' Stults ( 2 - 0 ) scattered four hits , struck out three and walked one . He was recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas on June 17 when Brad Penny went on the disabled list with a sore shoulder , then beat Cincinnati 7 - 4 last Thursday in his season debut after taking a shutout into the seventh	True
Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 4 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and six hits over 5 1/3 innings after going 4 - 0 in his previous five starts . The right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 10.50 ERA in three career starts against the Dodgers , including two with Philadelphia in 2006 . Floyd , who gave up six unearned runs in the second inning of last Thursday 's 13 - 8 loss against Pittsburgh after a throwing error by third baseman Pablo Ozuna , allowed another unearned run during the Dodgers ' two - run first	True
Floyd , who gave up six unearned runs in the second inning of last Thursday 's 13 - 8 loss against Pittsburgh after a throwing error by third baseman Pablo Ozuna , allowed another unearned run during the Dodgers ' two - run first . Juan Pierre singled , stole second	False
Floyd , who gave up six unearned runs in the second inning of last Thursday 's 13 - 8 loss against Pittsburgh after a throwing error by third baseman Pablo Ozuna , allowed another unearned run during the Dodgers ' two - run first . Juan Pierre singled , stole second and continued to third	False
Floyd , who gave up six unearned runs in the second inning of last Thursday 's 13 - 8 loss against Pittsburgh after a throwing error by third baseman Pablo Ozuna , allowed another unearned run during the Dodgers ' two - run first . Juan Pierre singled , stole second and continued to third on Pierzynski 's throwing error before Andre Ethier drove him in with a single . Jeff Kent reached on a two - base error by Dye , who missed Kent 's fly ball at the edge of the right-field warning track as Ethier went to third	False
Rampant offseason trade rumors had him on the verge of joining the Chicago Cubs -- and whether they were on target or not -- he showed Tuesday night why he attracted so much interest . Roberts had three hits to reach 1,000 for his career , closer George Sherrill struck out the side after the Cubs loaded the bases in the bottom of the ninth	True
Roberts had three hits to reach 1,000 for his career , closer George Sherrill struck out the side after the Cubs loaded the bases in the bottom of the ninth and the Orioles ended Chicago 's 14-game home-field winning streak with a 7 - 5 victory . The Orioles led 7 - 1 before it got tense over the last few innings , especially the ninth	True
Jeremy Guthrie ( 4 - 7 ) allowed only four hits and a run over the first six innings as the Orioles took a 7 - 1 lead . But he was driven out in the seventh	True
But he was driven out in the seventh when Jim Edmonds hit a three - run homer after singles by Derrek Lee and Aramis Ramirez , slicing the lead to 7 - 4 . After a walk , reliever Jim Johnson got DeRosa to hit into Chicago 's fourth double play of the night to douse the rally . Ramirez hit an RBI single in the eighth	True
Ramirez hit an RBI single in the eighth and the Cubs still had two on before Sherrill relieved and got pinch-hitter Matt Murton to fly out . Cubs ' starter Sean Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) -- just recalled from Triple-A -- lasted only 4 2/3 innings , giving up seven hits and four runs . The Orioles went up by six with three unearned runs in the sixth	True
Cubs ' starter Sean Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) -- just recalled from Triple-A -- lasted only 4 2/3 innings , giving up seven hits and four runs . The Orioles went up by six with three unearned runs in the sixth off reliever Michael Wuertz . Luke Scott hit a two - run triple , a liner that got by right fielder Fukudome in the fourth	True
Luke Scott hit a two - run triple , a liner that got by right fielder Fukudome in the fourth . It followed a walk and single by Ramon Hernandez . Fukudome hit his sixth homer leading off the fourth	True
Fukudome hit his sixth homer leading off the fourth to make it 2 - 1 . Roberts singled in the fifth	False
Roberts singled in the fifth and scored on Nick Markakis ' RBI double . Markakis moved up on a fly ball and scored on Kevin Millar 's RBI single that finished Marshall and made it 4 - 1 . Scott was initially credited with a double in the sixth	True
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- Lance Berkman is n't quite ready to proclaim the Astros are in the process of turning things around , even after they won two straight for the first time in a month . Berkman had a two - run homer among his two hits to break out of a three - game hitless streak for Houston , which had to hold on in the ninth	True
David Murphy 's double to center field with one out in the seventh inning chased Astros starter Brian Moehler ( 4 - 3 ) . He was replaced by Wesley Wright , who walked Jarrod Saltalamacchia . Wright got out of the inning after Vazquez grounded into a forceout and Carlos Lee snagged Milton Bradley 's fly to left field . Moehler had retired seven in a row before he walked Frank Catalanotto in the fourth inning . Young grounded into a double play before Josh Hamilton struck out for the third	True
Hamilton had two operations on that knee in 2006 and said he believes he injured it last week making a diving catch against Atlanta . Moehler allowed two singles before walking Young to load the bases in the sixth inning . He pitched out of trouble when Michael Bourn caught a flyball to center field by Boggs for the third	False
Kinsler doubled and scored on a single by Young in the first inning to give Texas a 1 - 0 lead . Byrd made an impressive , run-saving catch in the sixth inning when he sprinted to the right center field wall to grab a fly from Wigginton with runners at first	False
Kinsler doubled and scored on a single by Young in the first inning to give Texas a 1 - 0 lead . Byrd made an impressive , run-saving catch in the sixth inning when he sprinted to the right center field wall to grab a fly from Wigginton with runners at first and second	False
Byrd made an impressive , run-saving catch in the sixth inning when he sprinted to the right center field wall to grab a fly from Wigginton with runners at first and second . Rangers starter Eric Hurley ( 0 - 1 ) failed to get his first win in his third major league start . The rookie did get his first hit with a single in the sixth	True
Lee hit a go-ahead two - run homer and Brandon Backe pitched into the seventh inning to stop a personal three - game losing streak , helping the Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Sunday . The Astros went ahead on Lee 's two - out shot off Scott Kazmir in the sixth	True
Lee hit a go-ahead two - run homer and Brandon Backe pitched into the seventh inning to stop a personal three - game losing streak , helping the Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Sunday . The Astros went ahead on Lee 's two - out shot off Scott Kazmir in the sixth , and Backe and the bullpen made the 3 - 2 lead stand up . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
The Astros went ahead on Lee 's two - out shot off Scott Kazmir in the sixth , and Backe and the bullpen made the 3 - 2 lead stand up . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 22 opportunities . Backe ( 5 - 8 ) went 6 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and six hits with five strikeouts and four walks . Wesley Wright replaced Backe with two on and two out in the seventh	True
Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck seven and walked two during a 106-pitch outing . The left-hander had allowed just two runs over 30 2/3 innings in five previous home starts this season . Longoria put the Rays ahead 2 - 0 with his drive in the second	True
Longoria put the Rays ahead 2 - 0 with his drive in the second . The rookie third baseman has 12 homers in 65 games since being called up from Triple-A Durham on April 12 . Pence , playing in right field , kept Houston close when he threw out Dioner Navarro trying to score from second	False
Pence , playing in right field , kept Houston close when he threw out Dioner Navarro trying to score from second on Gabe Gross ' two - out , fourth-inning single . Pence then made it 2 - 1 when he opened the fifth	True
Pence then made it 2 - 1 when he opened the fifth with a solo homer . The shot ended Kazmir 's season-long streak of not allowing a homer at home at 34 2/3 innings . Houston second baseman Kazuo Matsui left in the sixth	True
The outburst made it easy for Marquis ( 6 - 3 ) to win his fourth straight start and fifth straight decision . He gave up eight hits and five runs in seven innings and also collected two hits . Wise , brought up from the minors on Tuesday , hit his first homer since Oct. 3 , 2004 -- with the Braves at Wrigley Field -- and just the 10th	False
Wise , brought up from the minors on Tuesday , hit his first homer since Oct. 3 , 2004 -- with the Braves at Wrigley Field -- and just the 10th of his career to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Ramirez also had an RBI single in the first	True
Ramirez also had an RBI single in the first . The White Sox got a run in the eighth	True
Ramirez also had an RBI single in the first . The White Sox got a run in the eighth when Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol walked the bases loaded and threw a wild pitch before retiring the side with Jim Thome in the on-deck circle . Dye singled in a run off Bob Howry in the ninth	False
That makes him 0 - 2 with six no-decisions since beating the Colorado Rockies 3 - 2 on May 10 to become the ninth pitcher in major league history with 350 victories . The 42-year-old Maddux left with a 2 - 1 lead , thanks to home runs by prized prospect Chase Headley -- who has hit two in four games since he was called up -- and Khalil Greene . But the Tigers tied it when Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) allowed Placido Polanco 's homer with two outs in the eighth	True
The 42-year-old Maddux left with a 2 - 1 lead , thanks to home runs by prized prospect Chase Headley -- who has hit two in four games since he was called up -- and Khalil Greene . But the Tigers tied it when Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) allowed Placido Polanco 's homer with two outs in the eighth . The Padres rallied for four runs against four relievers in the eighth	True
It was the seventh straight start in which Maddux allowed two earned runs or fewer . Manager Bud Black , a former big league pitcher , said he has empathy for Maddux . But Black also knows that Maddux puts the team first	False
Maddux was facing the Tigers for the third time in his 23-year big league career . Detroit is one of seven major league teams Maddux has n't beaten . Detroit 's Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer to the deepest part of Petco Park and finished with three hits . His homer to right-center was estimated at 428 feet and sent fans scrambling for the ball in the sand play area beyond the fence . It was his ninth homer this season and his third	False
Detroit 's Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer to the deepest part of Petco Park and finished with three hits . His homer to right-center was estimated at 428 feet and sent fans scrambling for the ball in the sand play area beyond the fence . It was his ninth homer this season and his third as a leadoff hitter . Headley tied it with his homer to straightaway center field with one out in the fourth	True
Headley tied it with his homer to straightaway center field with one out in the fourth off Eddie Bonine , who was making his second big league start . Headley 's first career homer came Wednesday night at Yankee Stadium . Greene gave the Padres a 2 - 1 lead when he homered into the seats in left field with one out in the seventh	True
Bush took a no-hit bid into the eighth inning before it was broken up by the player he was traded for , and the Milwaukee Brewers barely held off the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 7 Thursday . Lyle Overbay opened the eighth	True
Lyle Overbay opened the eighth by slicing a triple just beyond the reach of diving left fielder Ryan Braun . Bush ( 3 - 7 ) was dealt to the Brewers in 2005 for Overbay , but said he 'd never seen him play before this series . Joe Inglett hit a two - out grand slam that highlighted the Blue Jays ' six - run rally in the ninth	True
Russell Branyan hit his third homer in three days , a three - run shot , and Prince Fielder had the second inside-the-park homer of his career as the Brewers built an 8 - 0 lead . But those drives quickly became overshadowed by Bush 's attempt at history and the bullpen 's battles . Hit hard in his last two outings , Bush began the afternoon with a team-high 5.73 ERA . Off to the worst start in his five - year career that included a trip to Triple-A Nashville , he retired the first 15 Blue Jays before walking Gregg Zaun to open the sixth	True
But the Blue Jays , losers of 12 of 16 , could n't figure out Bush 's changing speeds as the righty maintained the intense demeanor on and off the mound that he carries around the clubhouse . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , Bush needed a pair of plays by center fielder Gabe Kapler to keep his no-hit bid intact . First , Kapler ranged to short left on a high pop fly by Stairs , then he made a running effort at the warning track to corral Scott Rolen 's deep drive . In the eighth	True
Bush gave up two hits , struck out two and walked one . Still , the Brewers ' bullpen almost blew it . Reliever Tim Dillard allowed a two - out , two - run homer to Overbay in the ninth	True
Branyan has hit 10 homers in his first 61 at-bats since being called up May 25 -- he has only 19 total hits , more than half of them home runs . His shot in the third inning gave Milwaukee a 6 - 0 lead off A. J. Burnett ( 6 - 7 ) . Fielder added some dramatics in the fifth	True
Fielder added some dramatics in the fifth with his inside-the-park homer . He hit a roller that got stopped by the padding underneath the wall in right field . The ball could clearly be seen , but Rios put his hands up as if he could n't find it . Fielder slowed as he rounded second	False
Upton might have been a little surprised when he arrived at Chase Field on Thursday morning and saw his name in the No . 2 hole in the lineup . But manager Bob Melvin said he never lost faith in Upton , and Upton made him look smart . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Upton doubled and scored on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . With the game tied 1-all in the eighth	True
Upton helped the NL West leaders salvage the final two games to finish a 3 - 3 homestand against Kansas City and Oakland . The Diamondbacks , who are 15 - 19 on the road , left after the game for a nine - game trip to Minnesota , Boston and Florida . Tony Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
After scoring 15 runs in the series opener , the Athletics quickly lost their way at the plate . They mustered a total of two in the final two games , both losses . Oakland struggled against Davis , making his sixth start since returning from cancer surgery . Davis retired 11 in a row from the second	True
After scoring 15 runs in the series opener , the Athletics quickly lost their way at the plate . They mustered a total of two in the final two games , both losses . Oakland struggled against Davis , making his sixth start since returning from cancer surgery . Davis retired 11 in a row from the second to the fifth	True
Oakland struggled against Davis , making his sixth start since returning from cancer surgery . Davis retired 11 in a row from the second to the fifth , striking out four straight at one point . Leading 1 - 0 , Davis ran into trouble in the sixth	True
Smith , a former Arizona farmhand , gave up one run and three hits in five innings , walking three and striking out four . Smith said he was pleased to give up only one run in the fourth	True
Baker homered and scored three runs and Quintanilla went 2 - for - 3 with two RBIs as the Rockies beat the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday night 4 - 2 . Jeff Francis ( 3 - 6 ) pitched into the seventh	True
Jeff Francis ( 3 - 6 ) pitched into the seventh and gave up one earned run to earn his second win in his last four starts . Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 4 ) lost for the first time since May 22 and for just the second time since April 28 . Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth	True
Quintanilla and Baker have been getting more playing time at shortstop and second base , respectively , because of injuries to Troy Tulowitzki and Clint Barmes . With those players expected back within a week , Baker and Quintanilla are showing they belong in the mix . Baker , who hit an inside-the-park home run in Tuesday 's game , got the Rockies on the board first	False
Baker , who hit an inside-the-park home run in Tuesday 's game , got the Rockies on the board first in the second inning . He hit a one - out double to left , Chris Iannetta was hit by a pitch and Quintanilla doubled down the right-field like to make it 1 - 0 . Baker led off the fourth	True
Francis cruised through the first five innings , allowing just three hits and no walks . The Indians got to Francis in the sixth	True
Francis cruised through the first five innings , allowing just three hits and no walks . The Indians got to Francis in the sixth when Jamey Carroll doubled home Grady Sizemore with one out . The Rockies got the run right back in their half of the sixth	True
Francis cruised through the first five innings , allowing just three hits and no walks . The Indians got to Francis in the sixth when Jamey Carroll doubled home Grady Sizemore with one out . The Rockies got the run right back in their half of the sixth when Baker reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
Shin-Soo Choo 's sacrifice fly in the seventh inning trimmed the lead to one , but for the second inning in a row Cleveland had three base runners but managed to push across just one run . Francis pitched out of the jam in the sixth	True
Shin-Soo Choo 's sacrifice fly in the seventh inning trimmed the lead to one , but for the second inning in a row Cleveland had three base runners but managed to push across just one run . Francis pitched out of the jam in the sixth , and Jason Grilli worked out of trouble in the seventh	True
Francis pitched out of the jam in the sixth , and Jason Grilli worked out of trouble in the seventh . The Rockies capitalized on Cleveland 's lack of clutch hitting and quickly made it a two - run cushion . Willy Taveras led off the seventh	True
Francis pitched out of the jam in the sixth , and Jason Grilli worked out of trouble in the seventh . The Rockies capitalized on Cleveland 's lack of clutch hitting and quickly made it a two - run cushion . Willy Taveras led off the seventh with a single , stole second	False
Francis pitched out of the jam in the sixth , and Jason Grilli worked out of trouble in the seventh . The Rockies capitalized on Cleveland 's lack of clutch hitting and quickly made it a two - run cushion . Willy Taveras led off the seventh with a single , stole second , moved to third	False
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) -- Evan Longoria 's homer snapped a sixth-inning tie . The rookie 's stellar defense sealed another Tampa Bay victory and spoiled Lou Piniella 's return to Tropicana Field . Longoria fielded Reed Johnson 's ninth-inning bunt with his bare hand and threw to first	False
Longoria fielded Reed Johnson 's ninth-inning bunt with his bare hand and threw to first on one hop Tuesday night , preventing the tying run from scoring from third base in the Rays ' 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Cliff Floyd also hit a solo homer for the Rays , connecting off Ryan Dempster in the second inning . Longoria led off the sixth	True
Longoria fielded Reed Johnson 's ninth-inning bunt with his bare hand and threw to first on one hop Tuesday night , preventing the tying run from scoring from third base in the Rays ' 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Cliff Floyd also hit a solo homer for the Rays , connecting off Ryan Dempster in the second inning . Longoria led off the sixth with his 11th	False
Longoria fielded Reed Johnson 's ninth-inning bunt with his bare hand and threw to first on one hop Tuesday night , preventing the tying run from scoring from third base in the Rays ' 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Cliff Floyd also hit a solo homer for the Rays , connecting off Ryan Dempster in the second inning . Longoria led off the sixth with his 11th of the season , snapping a 1-all tie against Neal Cotts ( 0 - 1 ) , who had a two - base throwing error in the seventh	True
Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings in relief of Scott Kazmir to get the win . The starter held the Cubs to one run and three hits in 4 2/3 innings , and the Rays bullpen limited the team with baseball 's best record to three hits the rest of the way . Percival , whose veteran leadership is one of the reason Tampa Bay is off to its best start in franchise history , worked an eventful ninth	True
After Geovany Soto flied out on the warning track in left , The closer gave up a single to Mark DeRosa and a double to pinch hitter Kosuke Fukudome . DeRosa scored on a passed ball , and the Rays nearly blew the lead when Percival 's low pitch to pinch hitter Jim Edmonds skipped past catcher Dioner Navarro with two outs . But the ball caromed off the backstop perfectly , forcing Fukodome to remain at third	False
Kazmir is one of the youngsters Piniella was talking about . At 24 , he 's the youngest member of Tampa Bay 's rotation and is already the club 's career leader in wins , strikeouts and innings pitched . The left-hander held the Cubs hitless until Henry Blanco singled off the glove of diving second baseman Akinori Iwamura with one out in the fifth	True
Bradley had a two - run single on the same play he sustained a slight left quadriceps strain running the bases , and the Rangers went on for a 7 - 5 victory Tuesday night over the Atlanta Braves . After hitting the ball into the right-center field gap in the third inning , Bradley reached down toward his leg even before getting to first	False
While he did n't stop to answer questions after the game , Bradley seemed to be walking OK as he exited the clubhouse . The Rangers said he would be re-evaluated Wednesday . Josh Hamilton put the Rangers ahead to stay in the first	True
Bradley upped his AL-best mark to .330 by going 1 - for - 2 . His big hit came with the bases loaded during a four - run outburst that put the Rangers ahead 5 - 0 . Braves cleanup hitter Mark Teixeira also hit in a bases-loaded situation , and managed only a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Each time he batted , Teixeira was greeted by a chorus of boos . Hamilton hit a towering 412-foot solo shot into the second deck of right-field seats off Tim Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) in the first	True
Hamilton hit a towering 412-foot solo shot into the second deck of right-field seats off Tim Hudson ( 7 - 5 ) in the first . Hudson is winless his last five starts . Hudson , 0 - 2 since his last victory May 22 , threw 17 of his 21 pitches for strikes in the first two innings . One of those was the homer by Hamilton , but he then got three outs in the second	True
Hudson , 0 - 2 since his last victory May 22 , threw 17 of his 21 pitches for strikes in the first two innings . One of those was the homer by Hamilton , but he then got three outs in the second on only nine pitches . But Gerald Laird hit the first pitch of the third	True
Hamilton drew a walk to reload the bases before Bradley 's big hit . David Murphy 's added a sac fly . Kinsler had a leadoff double in the fifth	True
Hamilton drew a walk to reload the bases before Bradley 's big hit . David Murphy 's added a sac fly . Kinsler had a leadoff double in the fifth , moved to third	False
Kinsler had a leadoff double in the fifth , moved to third on a groundout by Young and raced home on a wild pitch , the last thrown by Hudson . Padilla allowed two hits over six innings with four strikeouts . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth	False
Padilla allowed two hits over six innings with four strikeouts . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Texas led 6 - 0 before Omar Infante led off the Atlanta sixth	True
Padilla allowed two hits over six innings with four strikeouts . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Texas led 6 - 0 before Omar Infante led off the Atlanta sixth with his first homer since last July . No . 9 hitter Gregor Blanco then walked , went to third	False
Marlon Byrd 's homer in the bottom of the inning put the Rangers up 7 - 2 . After Jones and Teixeira drew consecutive walks off reliever Eddie Guardado with two outs in the eighth	True
Neither the blister nor the ankle gave him any trouble . Chipper Jones rediscovered his smooth swing Monday , going 2 - for - 4 , including a two - run single in the fifth	True
Chipper Jones rediscovered his smooth swing Monday , going 2 - for - 4 , including a two - run single in the fifth to break open a scoreless game . Jones , mired in a 2 - for - 15 slump entering the game , raised his average one point to .403 . After a strikeout in the third	True
After a strikeout in the third , his average stood right at .400 . Not that he was concerned . Jeff Francoeur had two hits , including a two - run double in the seventh	True
After a strikeout in the third , his average stood right at .400 . Not that he was concerned . Jeff Francoeur had two hits , including a two - run double in the seventh , and Brandon Jones added a two - out , two - run single in the ninth	False
Jeff Francoeur had two hits , including a two - run double in the seventh , and Brandon Jones added a two - out , two - run single in the ninth for Atlanta . Jurrjens pitched out of jams all night , including the seventh	True
But his erratic control led to his undoing Monday . His command has been a concern most of the season , not that Jimenez is dwelling on it . Matt Holliday and Garrett Atkins both had two hits while Aaron Cook collected his first pinch-hit single when he batted for Jimenez in the fifth	True
Matt Holliday and Garrett Atkins both had two hits while Aaron Cook collected his first pinch-hit single when he batted for Jimenez in the fifth . The Rockies averted the shutout in the ninth	True
Relievers Brian Shouse , Guillermo Mota and Salomon Torres , who picked up his eighth save , each pitched a hitless inning after the bullpen gave up 13 runs -- though only six earned -- the previous two games . Yost debated whether to send McClung back out before selecting Shouse . Mota , who struck out the side in the eighth	True
Gardenhire was still upset after the game . Cameron had been 6 - for - 45 before his at-bat in the sixth	True
Gardenhire was still upset after the game . Cameron had been 6 - for - 45 before his at-bat in the sixth , when hit a fastball from Twins starter Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) into the Brewers bullpen to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . Baker had walked Russell Branyan , who added a two - out RBI single in the first	True
Cameron had been 6 - for - 45 before his at-bat in the sixth , when hit a fastball from Twins starter Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) into the Brewers bullpen to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . Baker had walked Russell Branyan , who added a two - out RBI single in the first , on four pitches before Cameron connected . Cameron finished 2 - for - 3 , also scoring on Kendall 's single in the eighth	True
McClung ( 4 - 3 ) continued his superb turnaround since leaving the long relief role in the bullpen , scattering two runs and four hits . The righty nicknamed `` Chucky '' after the horror movie character has pitched six innings in each of his last three starts , giving up a total of five earned runs with 13 strikeouts against just one walk . Minnesota , which finished a tough road trip 3 - 7 , built a 2 - 1 lead after a homer by Jason Kubel in the fifth	True
McClung ( 4 - 3 ) continued his superb turnaround since leaving the long relief role in the bullpen , scattering two runs and four hits . The righty nicknamed `` Chucky '' after the horror movie character has pitched six innings in each of his last three starts , giving up a total of five earned runs with 13 strikeouts against just one walk . Minnesota , which finished a tough road trip 3 - 7 , built a 2 - 1 lead after a homer by Jason Kubel in the fifth and a sacrifice fly by Alexi Casilla in the sixth	True
Minnesota , which finished a tough road trip 3 - 7 , built a 2 - 1 lead after a homer by Jason Kubel in the fifth and a sacrifice fly by Alexi Casilla in the sixth , but that was all the Twins got against McClung . Baker fanned out four batters in the third	True
Baker fanned out four batters in the third to become the first Twins pitcher to accomplish the feat , finishing with a strikeout of Cameron . But the righty , who has n't won a game since April 9 , could n't get around Cameron again in the sixth	True
The struggling closer pitched a perfect 10th inning after Adam LaRoche singled in the tiebreaking run in the top half , and the Pirates won 5 - 4 Sunday to salvage the finale of a wild three - game series . Pittsburgh frittered away a five - run lead Friday night , and Capps lost a 7 - 6 advantage in the ninth inning Saturday . The pattern continued Sunday , when Capps yielded a two - run homer to Brian Roberts in the ninth	True
Pittsburgh frittered away a five - run lead Friday night , and Capps lost a 7 - 6 advantage in the ninth inning Saturday . The pattern continued Sunday , when Capps yielded a two - run homer to Brian Roberts in the ninth to force extra innings . But after botching his third save opportunity in four games , Capps was determined to make amends in the 10th	True
Nate McLouth homered and made a spectacular catch in center field for the Pirates , who ended a seven - game skid in interleague play with their first win against an AL team since June 19 , 2007 , at Seattle . Baltimore closer George Sherrill ( 2 - 2 ) , who blew a save opportunity Saturday night , opened the 10th	True
Guillermo Quiroz and Huff hit solo shots for the Orioles , who rallied from a 4 - 0 hole but lost their 10th straight Sunday game . After winning on the first Sunday of the season , Baltimore has since been outscored 55 - 26 on that day . The Orioles trailed 4 - 2 in the ninth	True
Guillermo Quiroz and Huff hit solo shots for the Orioles , who rallied from a 4 - 0 hole but lost their 10th straight Sunday game . After winning on the first Sunday of the season , Baltimore has since been outscored 55 - 26 on that day . The Orioles trailed 4 - 2 in the ninth when Pittsburgh manager John Russell summoned Capps . Oscar Salazar led off with a sharp grounder to third	False
Capps ( 1 - 2 ) then got two outs before Roberts hit an opposite-field drive that barely cleared the left-field wall . But the Pirates rebounded in the 10th	True
But the Pirates rebounded in the 10th , and the Orioles could n't mount another comeback in their half . Pirates starter Paul Maholm gave up two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . The left-hander was lifted after giving up a leadoff walk to Salazar in the seventh	True
Pirates starter Paul Maholm gave up two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . The left-hander was lifted after giving up a leadoff walk to Salazar in the seventh . The Orioles then got runners to second	False
Pirates starter Paul Maholm gave up two runs and four hits in six - plus innings . The left-hander was lifted after giving up a leadoff walk to Salazar in the seventh . The Orioles then got runners to second and third	False
Baltimore starter Daniel Cabrera allowed four runs , six hits and five walks in six innings . The struggling right-hander also hit two batters , threw a wild pitch and failed to retire the side in order . In his last five starts since May 20 , Cabrera is 0 - 1 with a 6.68 ERA . Pittsburgh went up 3 - 0 in the third	True
Pittsburgh went up 3 - 0 in the third . After McLouth led off with his team-high 15th homer , Bay walked and Doumit was hit by a pitch . Both advanced on a wild pitch and scored on a single by Michaels . Cabrera then hit LaRoche with a high fastball , and LaRoche took a step toward the mound before going to first base . An RBI single by Bautista made it 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
Pittsburgh went up 3 - 0 in the third . After McLouth led off with his team-high 15th homer , Bay walked and Doumit was hit by a pitch . Both advanced on a wild pitch and scored on a single by Michaels . Cabrera then hit LaRoche with a high fastball , and LaRoche took a step toward the mound before going to first base . An RBI single by Bautista made it 4 - 0 in the fifth . Quiroz homered in bottom half and Huff connected in the sixth	True
Lohse pitched a season-high eight innings of four - hit ball and Adam Kennedy hit a two - run home run , helping the St. Louis Cardinals rebound from their worst loss at 3-year-old Busch Stadium with a 3 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday . Lohse ( 8 - 2 ) was hurt only by Pat Burrell 's two - run homer in the fourth	True
Lohse ( 8 - 2 ) was hurt only by Pat Burrell 's two - run homer in the fourth in an outing that took pressure off a bullpen that pitched 5 2/3 innings in a 20 - 2 loss on Friday night . The Cardinals activated closer Jason Isringhausen and recalled right-hander Anthony Reyes earlier in the day due to the arms shortage , but Lohse minimized concerns when he entered the eighth	True
After watching a replay , Phillies manager Charlie Manuel maintained that the call had been blown . Franklin was among the relievers who got smacked around Friday night , allowing two runs and four hits in one - third	True
The Cardinals beat the Phillies for only the third time in 11 meetings at 3-year-old Busch Stadium . Philadelphia had been averaging 7.5 runs in its previous 22 games against St. Louis . The Phillies offered Lohse a three - year contract for around $ 21 million after he helped them make the playoffs last fall but he held out for a better deal before settling for a one - year , $ 4.25 million free agent deal with the Cardinals in mid-March . He won his fifth straight start and benefited from outstanding plays from shortstop Cesar Izturis , Kennedy at second	False
The Phillies offered Lohse a three - year contract for around $ 21 million after he helped them make the playoffs last fall but he held out for a better deal before settling for a one - year , $ 4.25 million free agent deal with the Cardinals in mid-March . He won his fifth straight start and benefited from outstanding plays from shortstop Cesar Izturis , Kennedy at second and third baseman Troy Glaus . Izturis robbed Pedro Feliz on a hard grounder in the hole in the fourth	True
The Phillies offered Lohse a three - year contract for around $ 21 million after he helped them make the playoffs last fall but he held out for a better deal before settling for a one - year , $ 4.25 million free agent deal with the Cardinals in mid-March . He won his fifth straight start and benefited from outstanding plays from shortstop Cesar Izturis , Kennedy at second and third baseman Troy Glaus . Izturis robbed Pedro Feliz on a hard grounder in the hole in the fourth , Kennedy made a nice play on Ryan Howard 's smash up the middle to start the sixth	True
Izturis robbed Pedro Feliz on a hard grounder in the hole in the fourth , Kennedy made a nice play on Ryan Howard 's smash up the middle to start the sixth and Glaus made a great play on Burrell 's shot down the line in the next at-bat . Skip Schumaker and Kennedy , the top two hitters in the order , combined for four hits and scored three runs . Kennedy hit his first homer of the season off Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) after Schumaker 's leadoff single in the first	True
Izturis robbed Pedro Feliz on a hard grounder in the hole in the fourth , Kennedy made a nice play on Ryan Howard 's smash up the middle to start the sixth and Glaus made a great play on Burrell 's shot down the line in the next at-bat . Skip Schumaker and Kennedy , the top two hitters in the order , combined for four hits and scored three runs . Kennedy hit his first homer of the season off Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) after Schumaker 's leadoff single in the first , and Ryan Ludwick 's two - out RBI hit made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
Kennedy bunted foul for the first strike before connecting on a 1 - 2 pitch . Burrell hit his 18th homer , and second	False
Kennedy bunted foul for the first strike before connecting on a 1 - 2 pitch . Burrell hit his 18th homer , and second in two days , in the fourth	True
But the big story on this night was the 27-year-old Aviles , who was seven years old when Johnson made his big league debut in 1988 . Aviles entered the game hitting .290 ( 9 - for - 31 ) . Aviles doubled and scored the game 's first run on a two - out single by Jose Guillen in the first	True
Aviles doubled and scored the game 's first run on a two - out single by Jose Guillen in the first . Arizona tied it in the second	True
Arizona tied it in the second on Miguel Montero 's two - out double . The Royals answered with three runs in the third	True
Arizona tied it in the second on Miguel Montero 's two - out double . The Royals answered with three runs in the third , and Aviles was in the middle of the rally again . David DeJesus led off with a single and scored on Aviles ' double . Aviles took third	False
Arizona tied it in the second on Miguel Montero 's two - out double . The Royals answered with three runs in the third , and Aviles was in the middle of the rally again . David DeJesus led off with a single and scored on Aviles ' double . Aviles took third on Stephen Drew 's throwing error and scored on Alex Gordon 's groundout to second	False
Guillen singled and came all the way around to score when Arizona third baseman Mark Reynolds threw Mark Grudzielanek 's grounder away , prompting boos from the typically placid Chase Field crowd . Aviles singled and scored in the fifth	True
Aviles singled and scored in the fifth , when the Royals scored four times to chase Johnson . His last pitch was to John Buck , who lined it over the right field fence for a three - run homer to make it 8 - 2 . Kansas City added two more runs in the sixth	False
Aviles singled and scored in the fifth , when the Royals scored four times to chase Johnson . His last pitch was to John Buck , who lined it over the right field fence for a three - run homer to make it 8 - 2 . Kansas City added two more runs in the sixth against Buckner on back-to-back homers by DeJesus and Aviles , his second	False
Utley , Howard and Burrell homered in successive at-bats in the first inning and the Phillies had a season-high 21 hits in a 20 - 2 rout of the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Kyle Kendrick ( 6 - 2 ) worked seven strong innings and contributed two hits and an RBI , including his first career extra-base hit , to a nine - run fourth	True
Utley is batting .402 during a 21-game hitting streak against the Cardinals with three homers and 20 RBIs . Howard added a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Utley is batting .402 during a 21-game hitting streak against the Cardinals with three homers and 20 RBIs . Howard added a three - run shot in the sixth off Mark Worrell for his 14th career multihomer game , the second	False
Howard added a three - run shot in the sixth off Mark Worrell for his 14th career multihomer game , the second this season . Cardinals reliever Russ Springer and manager Tony La Russa were ejected by home plate umpire Larry Vanover after Howard was hit by a pitch in the eighth	True
Cardinals reliever Russ Springer and manager Tony La Russa were ejected by home plate umpire Larry Vanover after Howard was hit by a pitch in the eighth . La Russa signaled to the bullpen for a pitching change from the infield during a lull in a long argument before leaving the field . Cardinals third base coach Jose Oquendo was ejected in the eighth	True
The three homers in the first equaled the total allowed by Wellemeyer in his previous nine appearances . Skip Schumaker was 3 - for - 5 with a homer and Troy Glaus went 2 - for - 3 with an RBI for the Cardinals , coming off a 6 - 3 trip . St. Louis and Philadelphia each entered the night at 40 - 28 , tied for second-best in the NL . Infielder Aaron Miles worked a perfect ninth	True
The Phillies ' nine - run fourth included seven hits and five walks and made it 13 - 1 . Ron Villone retired only two of 10 hitters in the inning , one on a sacrifice fly , while allowing four hits and four walks . He threw 46 pitches . Kendrick , who entered the game 2 - for - 22 at the plate , had a double for his only extra-base hit in 66 at-bats , and RBI single while scoring twice in the fourth	True
The right-hander , who is in the third season of a five - year , $ 55-million contract , mockingly tipped his cap to the booing crowd as he exited last Saturday 's start against Baltimore after giving up eight runs in 4 1/3 innings . He apologized following the game . Burnett was n't at his best in this one , but survived a shaky first	True
The right-hander , who is in the third season of a five - year , $ 55-million contract , mockingly tipped his cap to the booing crowd as he exited last Saturday 's start against Baltimore after giving up eight runs in 4 1/3 innings . He apologized following the game . Burnett was n't at his best in this one , but survived a shaky first to battle into the sixth	True
Chicago left fielder Eric Patterson , who went 1 - for - 3 with an RBI single , said Burnett succeeded by keeping the Cubs off balance . Relievers Brian Wolfe , Shawn Camp , Jesse Carlson and Scott Downs bridged the gap to closer B. J. Ryan , who worked the ninth	True
Relievers Brian Wolfe , Shawn Camp , Jesse Carlson and Scott Downs bridged the gap to closer B. J. Ryan , who worked the ninth for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . Toronto put runners at first	False
Relievers Brian Wolfe , Shawn Camp , Jesse Carlson and Scott Downs bridged the gap to closer B. J. Ryan , who worked the ninth for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . Toronto put runners at first and second	False
Relievers Brian Wolfe , Shawn Camp , Jesse Carlson and Scott Downs bridged the gap to closer B. J. Ryan , who worked the ninth for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . Toronto put runners at first and second with two out in the second	True
Toronto put runners at first and second with two out in the second , but Jim Edmonds ended the inning with a running catch of David Eckstein 's sinking liner . Edmonds then exchanged greetings with his former St. Louis teammate as he came off the field . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the third	True
Toronto put runners at first and second with two out in the second , but Jim Edmonds ended the inning with a running catch of David Eckstein 's sinking liner . Edmonds then exchanged greetings with his former St. Louis teammate as he came off the field . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the third , when Stairs and Rolen each hit balls that Edmonds could not catch . Stairs followed Rios ' double with a two - run blast to right , his eighth	False
Toronto put runners at first and second with two out in the second , but Jim Edmonds ended the inning with a running catch of David Eckstein 's sinking liner . Edmonds then exchanged greetings with his former St. Louis teammate as he came off the field . The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the third , when Stairs and Rolen each hit balls that Edmonds could not catch . Stairs followed Rios ' double with a two - run blast to right , his eighth , and Rolen followed with a ball that hooked over the wall in left , his third	False
It was the first time this season the Blue Jays have hit back-to-back home runs , and the first time they have hit more than one homer in an inning . Chicago replied in the fourth	True
Chicago replied in the fourth when Kosuke Fukudome singled and scored on Edmonds ' double , cutting the gap to 3 - 1 . The Cubs chased Burnett in the fifth	True
Chicago replied in the fourth when Kosuke Fukudome singled and scored on Edmonds ' double , cutting the gap to 3 - 1 . The Cubs chased Burnett in the fifth after Fukudome began the inning with a single and Soto walked . Wolfe came on and gave up a single to Edmonds , but the ball hit second base umpire Jeff Nelson on its way through the infield . Fukudome came around but crew chief Tim Tschida sent him back to third	False
One out later , Patterson singled Fukudome home , but the rally ended when Ryan Theriot hit into a 6 - 4 - 4 double play . Toronto was denied an insurance run in the sixth	True
Cubs right-hander Sean Gallagher ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out five . Left-hander Scott Eyre worked the eighth	True
He was back in form against Boston , allowing four hits and one run in seven innings . The Reds ' top starter had a long talk with the coaches and decided he had to change his mind-set . Francisco Cordero gave up a single in the ninth	True
Boston 's Manny Ramirez flied out to Ken Griffey Jr. at the wall in right field during his first at-bat , then singled home a run in the fourth inning . Ramirez became the 24th player to reach 500 homers on May 31 , and has been on a tear lately -- six homers in his last 12 games . The RBI was the 1,653rd of his career , breaking a tie with Tony Perez for 24th place on the career list . He left the game in the seventh	True
Two others provided the biggest swings . Bruce led off the bottom of the first	True
The left-hander has helped stabilize San Diego 's beleaguered rotation that has seen its top two pitchers -- reigning Cy Young winner Jake Peavy and 2007 All-Star Chris Young -- land on the disabled list . Add No . 5 starter Shawn Estes to the injured list , and much of the responsibility has fallen onto the shoulders of Wolf and 42-year-old Greg Maddux . Gonzalez , the older brother of Padres first baseman Adrian Gonzalez , homered in the first inning off Chad Billingsley for the first	False
Gonzalez , the older brother of Padres first baseman Adrian Gonzalez , homered in the first inning off Chad Billingsley for the first as a major leaguer . A career minor leaguer who made his major league debut on May 12 , Gonzalez turns 30 on Saturday . Greene connected on a 1 - 1 pitch with two outs in the second	True
Gonzalez has taken over at second base for Tadahito Iguchi , who separated his right shoulder on May 5 against New York . In his brief time in the majors , Gonzalez is hitting .296 and playing a solid second base . Heath Bell pitched a perfect eighth	True
Gonzalez has taken over at second base for Tadahito Iguchi , who separated his right shoulder on May 5 against New York . In his brief time in the majors , Gonzalez is hitting .296 and playing a solid second base . Heath Bell pitched a perfect eighth and Trevor Hoffman threw the ninth	True
Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits over seven innings . Los Angeles reached Wolf for its only run on Andy LaRoche 's homer , his first	False
Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) gave up four runs and eight hits over seven innings . Los Angeles reached Wolf for its only run on Andy LaRoche 's homer , his first , in the fourth	True
Los Angeles reached Wolf for its only run on Andy LaRoche 's homer , his first , in the fourth that cut the lead to 3 - 1 . LaRoche was playing his first game since being recalled by the Dodgers on Tuesday from Triple-A Las Vegas . Wolf escaped one of the few jams he faced in the sixth	True
Los Angeles reached Wolf for its only run on Andy LaRoche 's homer , his first , in the fourth that cut the lead to 3 - 1 . LaRoche was playing his first game since being recalled by the Dodgers on Tuesday from Triple-A Las Vegas . Wolf escaped one of the few jams he faced in the sixth after Delwyn Young lead off with a double and went to third	False
Los Angeles reached Wolf for its only run on Andy LaRoche 's homer , his first , in the fourth that cut the lead to 3 - 1 . LaRoche was playing his first game since being recalled by the Dodgers on Tuesday from Triple-A Las Vegas . Wolf escaped one of the few jams he faced in the sixth after Delwyn Young lead off with a double and went to third on a ground out . Wolf then got Martin on a hard grounder to third	False
Wolf tied his season high with nine strikeouts and walked one . Wolf helped his own cause in the third	True
Wolf tied his season high with nine strikeouts and walked one . Wolf helped his own cause in the third with a leadoff single . After Edgar Gonzalez singled him to second	False
Wolf helped his own cause in the third with a leadoff single . After Edgar Gonzalez singled him to second with one out , Adrian Gonzalez drove him in with a single to right for a 3 - 0 lead . Jody Gerut added an RBI single in the seventh	True
As big of a start as it was for Snell , it also was a significant outing for Capps , who 's earned three saves pitching four consecutive days . It 's only the second time in his career that Capps appeared in four straight games . The Pirates ' bullpen blew two late leads Tuesday night , and the team sustained its first loss all season when leading at any point after the sixth	True
Washington has lost nine of its past 11 -- scoring a total of nine runs in those losses . No Washington player reached third base until the sixth	True
Washington has lost nine of its past 11 -- scoring a total of nine runs in those losses . No Washington player reached third base until the sixth , when Jesus Flores doubled and advanced Dmitri Young to third	False
Doumit , who is 7 - for - 8 in the series , went 4 - for - 4 with two home runs and two doubles Tuesday night . He 'd been just 1 - for - 12 the previous three games after returning from a stint on the disabled list . His solo shot in the fifth	True
His solo shot in the fifth , Doumit 's eighth homer of the season , went to the deepest part of the ballpark in left-center . Pittsburgh 's Xavier Nady drove in Sanchez in the seventh	True
Pittsburgh 's Xavier Nady drove in Sanchez in the seventh to provide a two - run cushion . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Pittsburgh 's Xavier Nady drove in Sanchez in the seventh to provide a two - run cushion . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first but could have had much more . Washington starter John Lannan allowed hits to the first three batters , capped by Jason Bay 's RBI double . But with runners still at second	False
Pittsburgh 's Xavier Nady drove in Sanchez in the seventh to provide a two - run cushion . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first but could have had much more . Washington starter John Lannan allowed hits to the first three batters , capped by Jason Bay 's RBI double . But with runners still at second and third	False
Los Angeles did n't waste the opportunity and deprived San Diego 's Greg Maddux of his 351st victory for the sixth straight start . It also snapped the Padres ' season-high five - game winning streak . Martin 's single scored the tying and go-ahead runs and Kemp brought home two runs on an infield single as the Padres gave Los Angeles two extra outs in the seventh	True
In a span of three batters , Giles and Huber each lost a ball in the lights that allowed Los Angeles to extend the inning . Maddux was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth	True
Maddux was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth with the Padres ahead 2 - 1 . Brian Corey took over and that 's when the game fell apart for San Diego . Pinch-hitter Delwyn Young 's one - out line drive to right field hit Giles in the chest as he slid to make the catch . Young ended up on second	False
Hampson then walked Andre Ethier to load the bases . After Cla Meredith came in , he got Jeff Kent to ground to third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff , who threw home to force out Young . Heath Bell replaced Meredith and Martin hit a grounder into right field to score two runs . Martin went to second	False
Bell was upset that he threw the wrong pitch after catcher Michael Barrett called for a curve . Bell intentionally walked James Loney to load the bases . Kemp then hit a slow roller behind second base and shortstop Khalil Greene took the ball on the run , but his throw was too late to get Kemp . Kent scored from third	False
Bell was upset that he threw the wrong pitch after catcher Michael Barrett called for a curve . Bell intentionally walked James Loney to load the bases . Kemp then hit a slow roller behind second base and shortstop Khalil Greene took the ball on the run , but his throw was too late to get Kemp . Kent scored from third and Martin continued running from second	False
Bell intentionally walked James Loney to load the bases . Kemp then hit a slow roller behind second base and shortstop Khalil Greene took the ball on the run , but his throw was too late to get Kemp . Kent scored from third and Martin continued running from second and beat the throw home from first baseman Adrian Gonzalez with a one - handed slid past Barrett . Martin finished with three hits and Kemp added another RBI on a bases-loaded grounder in the ninth	True
Martin finished with three hits and Kemp added another RBI on a bases-loaded grounder in the ninth . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite throwing a wild pitch that allowed a run to score and give San Diego a 2 - 1 lead . Proctor also made a fielding error while getting two outs in the sixth	True
The matchup between Maddux and Kershaw , looking for his first major league win , represented the largest gap in career wins between two starters since Aug. 25 , 1965 , when San Francisco 's Warren Spahn ( 361 wins ) faced the Mets ' Darrell Sutherland ( one ) . Maddux not only held the Dodgers to one run on six hits , but he made three nice defensive plays . The biggest came when Maddux , a 17-time Gold Glove winner , reached out to stab Kemp 's line drive in the fourth	True
Edgar Renteria hit a grand slam to cap the Tigers ' six - run eighth inning to help Detroit end a four - game losing streak with a 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians . The Tigers made a splash in the offseason , adding slugger Miguel Cabrera and ace Dontrelle Willis to send a their star-studded payroll up to nearly $ 139 million . But Detroit is 11 games below .500 even after today 's triumph , closer to the last-place Royals in the AL Central standings than the similarly disappointing Indians , who are third	False
Cleveland has been let down by poor hitting and a shaky bullpen , the latter of which was particularly noticeable on Saturday . Marcus Thames homered on Masa Kobayashi 's first pitch of the eighth	True
Two pitches later , Magglio Ordonez doubled , bringing Rafael Betancourt out of the bullpen , but the former star continued his season-long struggles . Cabrera hit a line drive to left that seemed to fool Ben Francisco , sailing over his glove for an RBI single . Carlos Guillen singled and a sacrifice put runners on second	False
Two pitches later , Magglio Ordonez doubled , bringing Rafael Betancourt out of the bullpen , but the former star continued his season-long struggles . Cabrera hit a line drive to left that seemed to fool Ben Francisco , sailing over his glove for an RBI single . Carlos Guillen singled and a sacrifice put runners on second and third	False
Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) lost for Cleveland , which fell to 4 - 5 on an 11-game road trip . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) lost for Cleveland , which fell to 4 - 5 on an 11-game road trip . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Cabrera misplayed Franklin Gutierrez 's grounder at first	False
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Cabrera misplayed Franklin Gutierrez 's grounder at first and Kelly Shoppach hit a ground-rule double . Carlos Guillen tied the game in the fourth	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Cabrera misplayed Franklin Gutierrez 's grounder at first and Kelly Shoppach hit a ground-rule double . Carlos Guillen tied the game in the fourth with a two - run homer off starter Aaron Laffey , but a throwing error by Rogers set up Ryan Garko 's go-ahead sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Laffey gave up two runs in 6 2/3 innings , one start after giving up eight to Texas . Detroit put runners on second	False
Laffey gave up two runs in 6 2/3 innings , one start after giving up eight to Texas . Detroit put runners on second and third	False
Laffey gave up two runs in 6 2/3 innings , one start after giving up eight to Texas . Detroit put runners on second and third with two out in the bottom of the seventh	True
Laffey gave up two runs in 6 2/3 innings , one start after giving up eight to Texas . Detroit put runners on second and third with two out in the bottom of the seventh before Kobayashi retired Placido Polanco , but he could n't get through the eighth	True
A day after a costly slip in center field , Jones hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning that sent the Baltimore Orioles over the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Thursday . With the score 2-all , Jones led off the seventh	True
A day after a costly slip in center field , Jones hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning that sent the Baltimore Orioles over the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Thursday . With the score 2-all , Jones led off the seventh by hitting a hanging slider from reliever Brian Bass ( 2 - 2 ) into the left-field seats , his 10th	False
Olson came into the game averaging more than seven strikeouts per nine innings but struck out just one , saying he did n't have his best stuff . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
Baker strained his right groin on May 3 , putting him on the 15-day DL for the first time in his career . Twins manager Ron Gardenhire said before the game that Baker would be allowed to throw 85 to 90 pitches . He had 81 pitches after four innings but was allowed to complete the fifth	True
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire said before the game that Baker would be allowed to throw 85 to 90 pitches . He had 81 pitches after four innings but was allowed to complete the fifth and finished with 99 pitches . The Twins made it 2-all in the fifth	True
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire said before the game that Baker would be allowed to throw 85 to 90 pitches . He had 81 pitches after four innings but was allowed to complete the fifth and finished with 99 pitches . The Twins made it 2-all in the fifth on an RBI single from Alexi Casilla . Recently called up because of injuries in the infield , Casilla had three hits but also grounded into a double play with two runners on to end the seventh	True
The Twins made it 2-all in the fifth on an RBI single from Alexi Casilla . Recently called up because of injuries in the infield , Casilla had three hits but also grounded into a double play with two runners on to end the seventh . The Twins stranded runners in the seventh	True
The Twins made it 2-all in the fifth on an RBI single from Alexi Casilla . Recently called up because of injuries in the infield , Casilla had three hits but also grounded into a double play with two runners on to end the seventh . The Twins stranded runners in the seventh , eighth	True
The Twins stranded runners in the seventh , eighth and ninth innings , including runners in scoring position in the final two . In the eighth	True
Hamels pitched a three - hitter for his second career shutout -- in a span of three weeks -- and the Philadelphia Phillies took advantage of two dropped balls to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 0 Thursday . Ken Griffey Jr. remained one shy of 600 home runs , going 1 - for - 4 in his first start in four games . He hit a double off the wall in left-center , grounded out twice and hit a deep drive to center field leading off the ninth	True
Hamels ( 6 - 4 ) struck out four and walked three , rebounding from consecutive poor starts . The left-hander tossed a four - hitter against Atlanta on May 15 for his first major league shutout . Phillies shortstop Eric Bruntlett saved this shutout , making a diving stop and strong throw to first	False
Hamels ( 6 - 4 ) struck out four and walked three , rebounding from consecutive poor starts . The left-hander tossed a four - hitter against Atlanta on May 15 for his first major league shutout . Phillies shortstop Eric Bruntlett saved this shutout , making a diving stop and strong throw to first to retire Jay Bruce with two outs and a runner on second	False
Hamels ( 6 - 4 ) struck out four and walked three , rebounding from consecutive poor starts . The left-hander tossed a four - hitter against Atlanta on May 15 for his first major league shutout . Phillies shortstop Eric Bruntlett saved this shutout , making a diving stop and strong throw to first to retire Jay Bruce with two outs and a runner on second in the eighth	True
Phillies shortstop Eric Bruntlett saved this shutout , making a diving stop and strong throw to first to retire Jay Bruce with two outs and a runner on second in the eighth . Mixing a sharp fastball with his deceptive changeup , Hamels kept hitters off balance all day . He pitched out of his only jam in the second	True
Griffey hit No . 599 against Atlanta on Saturday , but missed a chance to reach the milestone in front of his hometown fans . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead when shortstop Paul Janish dropped Rollins ' shallow popup to left for an error with two outs in the third	True
Janish made a sliding catch on a popup near the foul line in shallow left on the next hitter , Shane Victorino . With two outs and two runners on in the fifth	True
With two outs and two runners on in the fifth , Bruntlett hit a liner to right . Griffey charged , then ducked and covered his head and dropped the ball for an error , allowing a run to score . Griffey lost the ball in the lights on an overcast afternoon . Victorino followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Jenkins drove one into the right-center seats for a 4 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Duke allowed two runs over 7 2/3 innings and Raul Chavez drove in three runs to lead the Pirates to a 5 - 2 victory over the Astros on Wednesday night . Duke ( 3 - 4 ) gave up seven hits , struck out two and walked two . He was lifted after allowing a two - out walk to Miguel Tejada in the eighth	True
Oswalt ( 4 - 6 ) lost to the Pirates for the first time since April 25 , 2005 . He went six innings , allowed three earned runs and nine hits , struck out four and walked one . Before Wednesday night , Oswalt was 5 - 0 with a 1.84 ERA in his past eight starts against the Pirates . Trailing 1 - 0 , Pittsburgh scored three times in the fourth	True
Trailing 1 - 0 , Pittsburgh scored three times in the fourth . Adam LaRoche broke an 0 - for - 18 slump with an RBI single that tied the game . With runners on second	False
Chavez , who played with Houston for parts of five seasons , doubled his total with a single that gave the Pirates a 3 - 1 lead . Chavez added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Hamilton went deep in his career-high fourth straight game one out after Ian Kinsler led off with a single to extend his career-best hitting streak to 18 games . Hamilton 's two - run drive gave him 17 homers and 67 RBIs , tops in the AL in both categories . Bradley followed with his first	False
Bradley 's solo shot in a three - run eighth extended Texas ' lead to 12 - 6 . Murray did n't allow a run in the first two innings , but the Indians loaded the bases with nobody out in the third	True
Murray did n't allow a run in the first two innings , but the Indians loaded the bases with nobody out in the third , then got an RBI single from Ben Francisco . After Ryan Garko was retired on a pop-up , Rangers trainers and Washington hurried to the mound where Murray told them he was unable to continue . Texas increased its lead to 8 - 2 in the fifth	True
Young stretched his hitting streak to 19 games , longest in the AL this season and second-longest of his career behind a 25-gamer in 2005 . Pinch hitter Shin-shoo Choo had a two - run double in the seventh	True
Young stretched his hitting streak to 19 games , longest in the AL this season and second-longest of his career behind a 25-gamer in 2005 . Pinch hitter Shin-shoo Choo had a two - run double in the seventh and a solo homer in the ninth	False
It should serve as a less-than-subtle warning that the Brewers ' slugger is rounding back into form . Fielder homered to leadoff the eighth	True
It should serve as a less-than-subtle warning that the Brewers ' slugger is rounding back into form . Fielder homered to leadoff the eighth and helped scratch across another run with an unlikely steal of third	False
Said Slaten : `` That 's the guy on this team in that lineup that I 'd be coming in to face , so I am looking forward to those situations . I was ready . I just threw a meatball up there for him . '' Fielder 's effort was almost for naught following a tenuous ninth	True
Fielder 's effort was almost for naught following a tenuous ninth . The Brewers , who won their fourth straight , committed a pair of throwing errors by catcher Jason Kendall and third baseman Bill Hall to put men on first	False
Fielder 's effort was almost for naught following a tenuous ninth . The Brewers , who won their fourth straight , committed a pair of throwing errors by catcher Jason Kendall and third baseman Bill Hall to put men on first and second	False
Fielder 's effort was almost for naught following a tenuous ninth . The Brewers , who won their fourth straight , committed a pair of throwing errors by catcher Jason Kendall and third baseman Bill Hall to put men on first and second in the ninth	True
But pinch hitter Augie Ojeda popped out and Stephen Drew struck out looking for Torres ' sixth save . Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win with a perfect eighth	True
Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win with a perfect eighth in relief of Brewers starter Jeff Suppan , who gave up seven hits and struck out six in seven innings . Trailing 3 - 1 , the Brewers got a pair of unearned runs off errant throws in the seventh	True
Trailing 3 - 1 , the Brewers got a pair of unearned runs off errant throws in the seventh after chasing Diamondbacks starter Doug Davis from the game . Davis left with two on and no outs after a single and a walk in favor of reliever Chad Qualls . Qualls loaded the bases when he threw wildly to first	False
Qualls loaded the bases when he threw wildly to first on a sacrifice bunt . Pinch-hitter Gabe Kapler hit a high chopper to third baseman Mark Reynolds and the catcher Snyder could n't grab the wayward throw to the plate , allowing two runs to score . Qualls got out of the inning with a strikeout and a double play after loading the bases with a walk . Fielder , who also threw out Chris Young at the plate in the third	True
Qualls loaded the bases when he threw wildly to first on a sacrifice bunt . Pinch-hitter Gabe Kapler hit a high chopper to third baseman Mark Reynolds and the catcher Snyder could n't grab the wayward throw to the plate , allowing two runs to score . Qualls got out of the inning with a strikeout and a double play after loading the bases with a walk . Fielder , who also threw out Chris Young at the plate in the third after Reynolds ' RBI single , had all the Brewers ' offense until the seventh	True
Qualls loaded the bases when he threw wildly to first on a sacrifice bunt . Pinch-hitter Gabe Kapler hit a high chopper to third baseman Mark Reynolds and the catcher Snyder could n't grab the wayward throw to the plate , allowing two runs to score . Qualls got out of the inning with a strikeout and a double play after loading the bases with a walk . Fielder , who also threw out Chris Young at the plate in the third after Reynolds ' RBI single , had all the Brewers ' offense until the seventh , scoring a run in the second	True
Qualls loaded the bases when he threw wildly to first on a sacrifice bunt . Pinch-hitter Gabe Kapler hit a high chopper to third baseman Mark Reynolds and the catcher Snyder could n't grab the wayward throw to the plate , allowing two runs to score . Qualls got out of the inning with a strikeout and a double play after loading the bases with a walk . Fielder , who also threw out Chris Young at the plate in the third after Reynolds ' RBI single , had all the Brewers ' offense until the seventh , scoring a run in the second after he singled and advanced to second	False
All four of the Angels ' wins on this six - game homestand were walk-off victories , including Saturday night 's 3 - 2 triumph when pinch-hitter Juan Rivera ended it with an RBI single against reliever Brian Tallet to snap a string of 20 consecutive scoreless innings by the Toronto bullpen . The other two dramatic wins came against Detroit . On Monday night , Garret Anderson drew a bases-loaded walk from Tigers reliever Bobby Seay in the 12th inning for the only run of the game . The following night , Gary Matthews Jr. singled home the winning run off Aquilino Lopez with two outs in the ninth	True
Ryan 's first blown save in 13 attempts this season spoiled a masterful performance by A. J. Burnett , who allowed two runs and three hits over eight innings but was pulled by manager John Gibbons after 102 pitches . Burnett struck out eight and walked three . One of the hits off the right-hander was a two - run homer in the third	True
Ryan 's first blown save in 13 attempts this season spoiled a masterful performance by A. J. Burnett , who allowed two runs and three hits over eight innings but was pulled by manager John Gibbons after 102 pitches . Burnett struck out eight and walked three . One of the hits off the right-hander was a two - run homer in the third by Sean Rodriguez , his first	False
Burnett struck out eight and walked three . One of the hits off the right-hander was a two - run homer in the third by Sean Rodriguez , his first in the major leagues . It was the eighth time in Burnett 's last nine starts that he has allowed fewer than four earned runs . Vladimir Guerrero and Hunter greeted Ryan ( 1 - 1 ) with singles , putting runners at the corners . Guerrero was tagged out in a rundown on Casey Kotchman 's grounder to first	False
Burnett struck out eight and walked three . One of the hits off the right-hander was a two - run homer in the third by Sean Rodriguez , his first in the major leagues . It was the eighth time in Burnett 's last nine starts that he has allowed fewer than four earned runs . Vladimir Guerrero and Hunter greeted Ryan ( 1 - 1 ) with singles , putting runners at the corners . Guerrero was tagged out in a rundown on Casey Kotchman 's grounder to first , but stayed in it long enough for the other runners to advance to second	False
Burnett struck out eight and walked three . One of the hits off the right-hander was a two - run homer in the third by Sean Rodriguez , his first in the major leagues . It was the eighth time in Burnett 's last nine starts that he has allowed fewer than four earned runs . Vladimir Guerrero and Hunter greeted Ryan ( 1 - 1 ) with singles , putting runners at the corners . Guerrero was tagged out in a rundown on Casey Kotchman 's grounder to first , but stayed in it long enough for the other runners to advance to second and third	False
Mike Napoli was intentionally walked and Ryan struck out Rivera , who was batting for Brandon Wood . But the left-hander plunked Kendrick on the arm with his next pitch -- his first hit batsman since 2005 with Baltimore -- and gave up a single to right by Izturis . Rookie Jose Arredondo ( 2 - 0 ) got credit for the victory after three innings of scoreless relief by Darren Oliver . Arredondo allowed two singles to open the ninth	True
Mike Napoli was intentionally walked and Ryan struck out Rivera , who was batting for Brandon Wood . But the left-hander plunked Kendrick on the arm with his next pitch -- his first hit batsman since 2005 with Baltimore -- and gave up a single to right by Izturis . Rookie Jose Arredondo ( 2 - 0 ) got credit for the victory after three innings of scoreless relief by Darren Oliver . Arredondo allowed two singles to open the ninth , but retired Alex Rios on a double-play grounder and struck out Scott Rolen to strand David Eckstein at third	False
Jon Garland threw 115 pitches over five innings , matching his shortest outing in 12 starts with the Angels . He allowed three runs and five hits , struck out three and tied his season high in walks with four . The no-decision kept his career record against Toronto at 10 - 2 . The Blue Jays scored in each of the first three innings before Los Angeles narrowed the gap to 3 - 2 in the third	True
Burnett had allowed only one home run in 51 2/3 innings over his previous nine outings . Last season , the right-hander gave up a career-worst 23 homers . Rios singled with two outs in the first	True
Rios singled with two outs in the first and scored on the second wild pitch of the season by Garland , who minimized the damage by retiring Brad Wilkerson on a bases-loaded groundout . Kevin Mench drew a leadoff walk in the second	True
Kevin Mench drew a leadoff walk in the second and came home on a sacrifice fly by Eckstein , who was 3 - for - 11 with two walks in his first series at Anaheim since leaving the Angels after the 2004 season . The Blue Jays tacked on another run when Rod Barajas sent an 0 - 2 pitch to left for his fifth homer and second	False
Santana wrapped up New York 's turnaround homestand by pitching into the eighth inning for his 100th win , Carlos Beltran and Ryan Church hit two - run homers and the Mets defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 1 Sunday night . Back in the lineup after his second concussion this year , Church capped a five - run third	True
While the Mets head back on the road brimming with confidence , the Dodgers head home after winning just once on a seven - game trip . Los Angeles dropped to 3 - 22 when scoring three runs or fewer , and has been held to fewer than two runs in six of its last 10 games . The Dodgers looked as though they might be coming out of their funk against Santana in the first	True
The Dodgers looked as though they might be coming out of their funk against Santana in the first , when Juan Pierre doubled leading off and scored on Matt Kemp 's single . But the left-hander gave up just three singles and two walks over the next six innings . He was lifted for reliever Joe Smith with runners on first	False
The Dodgers looked as though they might be coming out of their funk against Santana in the first , when Juan Pierre doubled leading off and scored on Matt Kemp 's single . But the left-hander gave up just three singles and two walks over the next six innings . He was lifted for reliever Joe Smith with runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers looked as though they might be coming out of their funk against Santana in the first , when Juan Pierre doubled leading off and scored on Matt Kemp 's single . But the left-hander gave up just three singles and two walks over the next six innings . He was lifted for reliever Joe Smith with runners on first and second and two outs in the eighth	True
Jose Reyes extended his hitting streak to 17 games with a first-inning single and scored on David Wright 's bloop single to right , but the sparkplug shortstop 's double leading off the third inning really got things going for the Mets . Wright drove in Reyes with a single before Beltran hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Kuroda ( 2 - 5 ) over the right-center wall for his sixth homer of the year and second	False
Jason Kubel 's three - run homer highlighted an unruly seventh inning in the Twins ' 10 - 6 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Thursday night . The game was stopped for several minutes when fans threw hats and baseballs onto the turf and had the White Sox running for the shelter of the dugout . Marty Foster tossed him in the seventh	True
The fans settled down after about five minutes , and the Twins had a four - run inning to erase a 4 - 3 deficit . Joe Mauer tied the game with an RBI single and Kubel followed with his homer off Octavio Dotel for a 7 - 4 lead . Jermaine Dye hit a two - run homer off Matt Guerrier in the eighth	True
Jesse Crain ( 4 - 2 ) threw one inning of scoreless relief for the win . Jim Thome hit his 527th career homer to give the Sox a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Jesse Crain ( 4 - 2 ) threw one inning of scoreless relief for the win . Jim Thome hit his 527th career homer to give the Sox a 2 - 0 lead in the second and A. J. Pierzynski 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
Sanchez threw 95 pitches , striking out four and walking two before leaving to a standing ovation . Rockies starter Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) retired just five batters , his shortest outing of the season . He left after allowing six runs in the second	True
De La Rosa gave up five hits , walked four and hit a batter before he was replaced by Kip Wells . He also allowed a two - run single to Jeremy Hermida and Dan Uggla 's two - run double . Wes Helms stranded two runners when he flied out to end the second	True
Colorado 's control problems did n't stop with De La Rosa . Wells walked three straight in the fourth	True
Wells walked three straight in the fourth , including a base-loaded walk that scored Hermida , who was the subject of trade rumors earlier in the day . John Baker followed with a two - run single to give Florida a 10 - 1 cushion . Ramirez homered in the fifth	True
Wells walked three straight in the fourth , including a base-loaded walk that scored Hermida , who was the subject of trade rumors earlier in the day . John Baker followed with a two - run single to give Florida a 10 - 1 cushion . Ramirez homered in the fifth to make it 11 - 1 , and Helms added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Troy Tulowitzki , who entered the game batting .556 ( 20 - for - 36 ) since coming off the disabled list July 21 , went 0 - for - 5 for the Rockies . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki , who entered the game batting .556 ( 20 - for - 36 ) since coming off the disabled list July 21 , went 0 - for - 5 for the Rockies . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Cantu hit a two - out home run , and Colorado picked up a run in the fourth	True
Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Cantu hit a two - out home run , and Colorado picked up a run in the fourth when Matt Holliday scored on Ian Stewart 's broken-bat single . The Rockies added another on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI single in the sixth	True
Garza ( 9 - 6 ) , who benefited from three double plays , struck out five and walked one . The only extra-base hit against Garza was Adam Lind 's two - out double in the eighth	True
Garza was acquired by Tampa Bay in an offseason trade with Minnesota . He pitched parts of the last two seasons with the Twins . Hinske led off the third	True
Hinske led off the third with a drive that cleared the center field wall but ricocheted off the concrete facing of the lower deck and back into the outfield . Second base umpire Mike Winters signaled no catch , but neither center fielder Alex Rios nor Wilkerson in right chased after the ball . Hinske trotted around the bases while Halladay waved his arms and yelled until second baseman Joe Inglett ran out and threw home , too late to get Hinske , who sped around third	False
Originally scored an inside-the-park home run , the ruling was changed after the official scorer checked with the umpires and learned that first base umpire Hunter Wendelstedt had ruled the ball cleared the fence . B. J. Upton drew a two - out walk in the eighth	True
Originally scored an inside-the-park home run , the ruling was changed after the official scorer checked with the umpires and learned that first base umpire Hunter Wendelstedt had ruled the ball cleared the fence . B. J. Upton drew a two - out walk in the eighth and went to second	False
B. J. Upton drew a two - out walk in the eighth and went to second on Carl Crawford 's single before both runners scored when Longoria tripled off the wall in right-center . Longoria made two great defensive plays , ranging into foul territory and throwing out Rios in the seventh	True
B. J. Upton drew a two - out walk in the eighth and went to second on Carl Crawford 's single before both runners scored when Longoria tripled off the wall in right-center . Longoria made two great defensive plays , ranging into foul territory and throwing out Rios in the seventh and Matt Stairs in the eighth	False
Leyland said he will give his players a break from batting practice Tuesday after being baffled by Byrd , who improved to 10 - 2 in his career against Detroit . Byrd allowed singles to Magglio Ordonez in the fourth	True
Leyland said he will give his players a break from batting practice Tuesday after being baffled by Byrd , who improved to 10 - 2 in his career against Detroit . Byrd allowed singles to Magglio Ordonez in the fourth , Matt Joyce in the seventh	True
Leyland said he will give his players a break from batting practice Tuesday after being baffled by Byrd , who improved to 10 - 2 in his career against Detroit . Byrd allowed singles to Magglio Ordonez in the fourth , Matt Joyce in the seventh and Curtis Granderson in the eighth	False
Leyland said he will give his players a break from batting practice Tuesday after being baffled by Byrd , who improved to 10 - 2 in his career against Detroit . Byrd allowed singles to Magglio Ordonez in the fourth , Matt Joyce in the seventh and Curtis Granderson in the eighth . Granderson doubled into the right-field corner to open the sixth	True
Mujica struck out two in 1 1/3 innings for Cleveland , which tied the Boston Red Sox for the most shutouts in the majors with 11 . Kelly Shoppach and Asdrubal Cabrera hit home runs off Kenny Rogers ( 8 - 7 ) in a three - run sixth	True
The left-hander fell behind early and admitted he , too , needed to throw more pitches inside . Grady Sizemore doubled and scored when Jhonny Peralta grounded into a fielder 's choice in the first	True
The left-hander fell behind early and admitted he , too , needed to throw more pitches inside . Grady Sizemore doubled and scored when Jhonny Peralta grounded into a fielder 's choice in the first . Peralta 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
Grady Sizemore doubled and scored when Jhonny Peralta grounded into a fielder 's choice in the first . Peralta 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the third . Shoppach started the sixth	True
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- Kevin Correia got his first victory in about 3 months . It did n't come easy , even though he was staked to a seven - run lead . The San Francisco Giants needed five relievers to close out Monday night 's 7 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers . Brian Wilson worked a perfect ninth	True
The San Francisco Giants needed five relievers to close out Monday night 's 7 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers . Brian Wilson worked a perfect ninth for his NL-leading 28th save in 30 chances , helping end the Giants ' three - game losing streak . Jose Castillo hit a pair of RBI singles and Fred Lewis also drove in two runs for the Giants , who were held hitless by the Dodgers ' bullpen over the final 5 1/3 innings after RBI singles by Castillo and Randy Winn capped a five - run fourth	True
Correia ( 2 - 5 ) won for the first time since April 10 against St. Louis after going 0 - 4 with a 6.65 ERA over his previous nine starts . The right-hander allowed six runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five , walked none and hit a two - out , two - run single during the Giants ' big fourth inning . Slumping Dodgers center fielder Andruw Jones did not start for the second straight game , even though he was 4 - for - 9 lifetime against Correia with three home runs . He hit for reliever Brian Falkenborg with runners at the corners in the sixth	True
Jones , a five - time All-Star and 10-time Gold Glove winner , is 10 - for - 56 with six RBIs in his last 20 games after missing 38 because of an injured right knee that required arthroscopic surgery . Jeff Kent nearly tied it in the seventh	True
Jeff Kent nearly tied it in the seventh , sending a drive to center field that Aaron Rowand caught with his back against the fence . Newly acquired Dodgers third baseman Casey Blake was ejected by first base umpire Greg Gibson for arguing from the dugout after getting called out on a checked-swing third strike in the eighth	True
Kuroda ( 5 - 8 ) had his worst outing of the season on Japanese Community Night at Dodger Stadium . The right-hander , who has pitched two complete-game shutouts this season , surrendered seven runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . A mental lapse by Kuroda helped the Giants score five runs in the fourth	True
Kuroda ( 5 - 8 ) had his worst outing of the season on Japanese Community Night at Dodger Stadium . The right-hander , who has pitched two complete-game shutouts this season , surrendered seven runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . A mental lapse by Kuroda helped the Giants score five runs in the fourth , extending their lead to 7 - 0 . With runners at the corners , one out and rookie John Bowker running with the pitch , Rich Aurilia hit a dribbler back to the mound . Kuroda looked Rowand back to third	False
Kuroda ( 5 - 8 ) had his worst outing of the season on Japanese Community Night at Dodger Stadium . The right-hander , who has pitched two complete-game shutouts this season , surrendered seven runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . A mental lapse by Kuroda helped the Giants score five runs in the fourth , extending their lead to 7 - 0 . With runners at the corners , one out and rookie John Bowker running with the pitch , Rich Aurilia hit a dribbler back to the mound . Kuroda looked Rowand back to third , then tried to force Bowker at second	False
A mental lapse by Kuroda helped the Giants score five runs in the fourth , extending their lead to 7 - 0 . With runners at the corners , one out and rookie John Bowker running with the pitch , Rich Aurilia hit a dribbler back to the mound . Kuroda looked Rowand back to third , then tried to force Bowker at second with no success . The Dodgers , coming off a three - game sweep of the lowly Washington Nationals , got a five - spot of their own in the fifth	True
Garrett Atkins and Jeff Baker homered and drove in three runs , Ubaldo Jimenez turned in another terrific start and the Rockies pounded the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 0 Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . Chris Iannetta also homered and Scott Podsednik had three hits for the Rockies , who wrapped up their first sweep of a road series this season and their first	False
Colorado won 21 of 22 to get to the World Series last year , but manager Clint Hurdle is hesitant to draw any comparisons to last season . The Rockies entered play in third	False
The Reds finished their longest homestand of the season with a 4 - 6 record while allowing Colorado to pile up 45 hits , the most by a Cincinnati opponent in a three - game series since Oakland had 51 in June 2004 . Colorado scored four runs in the fourth	True
The Reds finished their longest homestand of the season with a 4 - 6 record while allowing Colorado to pile up 45 hits , the most by a Cincinnati opponent in a three - game series since Oakland had 51 in June 2004 . Colorado scored four runs in the fourth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Podsednik singled with one out and Baker followed with a drive to center on a 1 - 2 pitch from Fogg , his ninth homer of the season and second	False
Colorado scored four runs in the fourth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Podsednik singled with one out and Baker followed with a drive to center on a 1 - 2 pitch from Fogg , his ninth homer of the season and second of the series . Atkins chased Fogg with a two - out , two - run homer to left , his 15th	False
Atkins chased Fogg with a two - out , two - run homer to left , his 15th of the year . Ken Griffey Jr. singled in the fourth	True
Ken Griffey Jr. singled in the fourth to extend his hitting streak to 10 games for Cincinnati , his longest since a 15-game streak in 2006 . Plate umpire Jim Reynolds issued warnings to both benches after Jimenez hit Brandon Phillips with a pitch in the bottom of the sixth	True
Ken Griffey Jr. singled in the fourth to extend his hitting streak to 10 games for Cincinnati , his longest since a 15-game streak in 2006 . Plate umpire Jim Reynolds issued warnings to both benches after Jimenez hit Brandon Phillips with a pitch in the bottom of the sixth and Gary Majewski hit Tulowitzki in the top of the seventh	False
Brewers ' manager Ned Yost said taking the first game of the four - game set was particularly important . Hall 's home run helped make a winner out of Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) , who gave up the tying run in the ninth	True
Brewers ' manager Ned Yost said taking the first game of the four - game set was particularly important . Hall 's home run helped make a winner out of Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) , who gave up the tying run in the ninth . Torres also pitched the 10th	True
Torres was grateful for the chance to pitch another inning . The Brewers scored twice more in the 10th	True
Cardinals third baseman Troy Glaus drove in two runs with a first-inning double off Seth McClung that extended his hitting streak to 10 games . Trailing 3 - 2 entering the ninth	True
Cardinals third baseman Troy Glaus drove in two runs with a first-inning double off Seth McClung that extended his hitting streak to 10 games . Trailing 3 - 2 entering the ninth , Yadier Molina led off with a ground-rule double over the wall in right-center . Pinch-hitter Jason LaRue moved pinch-runner Brendan Ryan over to third	False
Torres said he should have approached the situation with Molina differently . After spotting the Cardinals ' a 2 - 0 lead , Weeks gave McClung and the Brewers the lead in the fifth	True
The rookie broke up Scott Baker 's perfect-game bid with a sixth-inning home run and caught Vicente Padilla 's gem Sunday as the Texas Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0 . The Rangers denied the Twins their fourth series sweep over the past month , handing them just their eighth defeat in 31 games . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) took a hard-luck loss , his first	False
The Rangers denied the Twins their fourth series sweep over the past month , handing them just their eighth defeat in 31 games . Baker ( 6 - 3 ) took a hard-luck loss , his first in six starts . Baker retired the first 17 Rangers who came to bat and by the time Teagarden stepped to the plate in the sixth	True
Padilla was the final member of the Rangers ' original five - man rotation to spend time on the disabled list , and they lead the majors in runs allowed . But for Washington , Padilla 's start was a good sign . Wilson pitched the ninth	True
Padilla was the final member of the Rangers ' original five - man rotation to spend time on the disabled list , and they lead the majors in runs allowed . But for Washington , Padilla 's start was a good sign . Wilson pitched the ninth for his 23rd save , and 15th straight . Mauer walked with two outs in the inning and advanced to third	False
McCann , who made the All-Star team for the third time , extended his on-base streak to eight straight plate appearances . That includes three walks Saturday night and a walk and hit by pitch along with his 3 - for - 3 on Sunday . McCann hit his 18th home run off of Padres reliever Josh Banks in the seventh inning . That was after his RBI single in the Braves three - run first inning and before his RBI double in a three - run ninth	True
Black is headed to the All-Star Game as the NL pitching coach , along with his first baseman Adrian Gonzalez . Atlanta rookie Jorge Campillo , who had more than 40 family and friends from his home town of Tijuana at the game , tossed six strong innings to even his record at 4 - 4 . He had to leave the game in the top of the seventh	True
Mark Teixeira had two doubles and two RBIs , and Brent Lillibridge went 3 - for - 5 with two RBIs . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Mark Teixeira had two doubles and two RBIs , and Brent Lillibridge went 3 - for - 5 with two RBIs . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Teixeira 's two - run double off Padres starter Randy Wolf ( 6 - 9 ) . Atlanta chased Wolf with a five - run sixth inning that featured five singles , and tacked on three more runs in the ninth	True
Wolf gave up six runs and six hits in five innings . Braves starter Tim Hudson made his first Major League relief appearance in his nine year career , pitching a perfect eighth	True
Braves starter Tim Hudson made his first Major League relief appearance in his nine year career , pitching a perfect eighth . He had made 301 previous starts . Kevin Kouzmanoff , who had three hits , drove in two of the Padres runs with an RBI single in the first	True
Braves starter Tim Hudson made his first Major League relief appearance in his nine year career , pitching a perfect eighth . He had made 301 previous starts . Kevin Kouzmanoff , who had three hits , drove in two of the Padres runs with an RBI single in the first and his 12th home run in sixth	True
Braves starter Tim Hudson made his first Major League relief appearance in his nine year career , pitching a perfect eighth . He had made 301 previous starts . Kevin Kouzmanoff , who had three hits , drove in two of the Padres runs with an RBI single in the first and his 12th home run in sixth off Campillo . Rookie Chase Headley hit his sixth home run , a 434-foot blast off reliever Mike Gonzalez in the ninth	True
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- The St. Louis Cardinals should know this by now : No late-inning lead is safe against the Pittsburgh Pirates , especially with Jason Michaels at bat . Not even a lead this big . Michaels hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning , the Pirates ' third big homer in three innings , and Pittsburgh rallied from six runs down in the eighth	True
Michaels hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning , the Pirates ' third big homer in three innings , and Pittsburgh rallied from six runs down in the eighth to beat the St. Louis Cardinals 12 - 11 Saturday night . The Cardinals appeared to be cruising with a season-high 22 hits while taking leads of 9 - 3 in the seventh	True
Michaels hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning , the Pirates ' third big homer in three innings , and Pittsburgh rallied from six runs down in the eighth to beat the St. Louis Cardinals 12 - 11 Saturday night . The Cardinals appeared to be cruising with a season-high 22 hits while taking leads of 9 - 3 in the seventh and 10 - 4 in the eighth	False
Michaels hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning , the Pirates ' third big homer in three innings , and Pittsburgh rallied from six runs down in the eighth to beat the St. Louis Cardinals 12 - 11 Saturday night . The Cardinals appeared to be cruising with a season-high 22 hits while taking leads of 9 - 3 in the seventh and 10 - 4 in the eighth , but Jason Bay hit his second two - run homer of the night in the eighth	True
The Cardinals appeared to be cruising with a season-high 22 hits while taking leads of 9 - 3 in the seventh and 10 - 4 in the eighth , but Jason Bay hit his second two - run homer of the night in the eighth . The Pirates tied it with four runs in the ninth	False
The Pirates tied it with four runs in the ninth on Nate McLouth 's three - run shot off Jason Isringhausen and Bay 's fifth RBI , on a force-play grounder . Troy Glaus homered leading off the 10th	False
The Pirates are five games under .500 at 44 - 49 , but are 10 - 3 in extra innings with eight consecutive victories , a streak that began when they rallied to win 8 - 4 at St. Louis in 10 innings on May 13 . Michaels hit a grand slam in St. Louis to cap a comeback from a 4 - 0 deficit as the Pirates won 5 - 4 on June 2 . Raul Chavez singled to start the Pirates ' 10th	True
The Pirates are five games under .500 at 44 - 49 , but are 10 - 3 in extra innings with eight consecutive victories , a streak that began when they rallied to win 8 - 4 at St. Louis in 10 innings on May 13 . Michaels hit a grand slam in St. Louis to cap a comeback from a 4 - 0 deficit as the Pirates won 5 - 4 on June 2 . Raul Chavez singled to start the Pirates ' 10th against Kyle McClellan , who was lifted for rookie Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) . Michaels , who entered the game as a pinch-hitter in the ninth	True
Herrera signed a $ 1.92 million , three - year contract before the 2007 season , but had not pitched in the majors until Saturday . Bay 's two - run drive in the first gave Herrera a 2 - 0 lead , but he quickly gave it back by allowing six hits in a span of nine batters as St. Louis scored three times in the third	True
Herrera signed a $ 1.92 million , three - year contract before the 2007 season , but had not pitched in the majors until Saturday . Bay 's two - run drive in the first gave Herrera a 2 - 0 lead , but he quickly gave it back by allowing six hits in a span of nine batters as St. Louis scored three times in the third and twice in the fourth	False
Bay 's two - run drive in the first gave Herrera a 2 - 0 lead , but he quickly gave it back by allowing six hits in a span of nine batters as St. Louis scored three times in the third and twice in the fourth . Pirates third baseman Doug Mientkiewicz was ejected by umpire Eric Cooper in the fourth	True
Bay 's two - run drive in the first gave Herrera a 2 - 0 lead , but he quickly gave it back by allowing six hits in a span of nine batters as St. Louis scored three times in the third and twice in the fourth . Pirates third baseman Doug Mientkiewicz was ejected by umpire Eric Cooper in the fourth for running across the infield to argue that Pujols was out at second	False
Volstad was n't complaining after Kevin Gregg finished the Florida Marlins ' 3 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . He even had a 3 - 0 lead before he took the mound , thanks to home runs by Jeremy Hermida and Jorge Cantu . Volstad took a three - hitter into the ninth	True
Volstad threw two innings of scoreless relief at Colorado last Sunday , the day the Marlins promoted him from their Carolina farm club . Volstad induced 13 groundball outs , including an inning-ending double-play ball in the seventh inning by Andruw Jones , who singled with two out in the fourth	True
Volstad induced 13 groundball outs , including an inning-ending double-play ball in the seventh inning by Andruw Jones , who singled with two out in the fourth and was thrown out trying to steal . The Marlins scored all of their runs against Eric Stults ( 2 - 2 ) after just 12 pitches by the left-hander . Ramirez , who capped his first career five - hit game on Thursday night at Dodger Stadium with a home run in the 11th inning , was hit on the left arm by Stults ' third pitch and stole second	False
The Marlins scored all of their runs against Eric Stults ( 2 - 2 ) after just 12 pitches by the left-hander . Ramirez , who capped his first career five - hit game on Thursday night at Dodger Stadium with a home run in the 11th inning , was hit on the left arm by Stults ' third pitch and stole second on his next delivery . Hermida then homered to right-center on a 2 - 0 count for his 10th	False
Stults allowed six hits and struck out six in six innings . The two homers increased Florida 's major league-leading total to 134 . The Marlins hit a franchise-record 201 last year . Ramirez is the only batter Stults has plunked in 30 1/3 innings over his five starts this year , and just the second	False
The win drew Minnesota within 1 1/2 games of the AL Central-leading White Sox , who lost Friday at Texas . Crain came on with two on in the seventh	True
Crain came on with two on in the seventh in relief of Glen Perkins ( 6 - 2 ) and got Carlos Guillen to fly out to the deepest part of the park . Carlos Gomez made the catch at the warning track -- about 415 feet from the plate -- to end the threat . Nathan , an All-Star , earned his 26th save in 28 chances with a perfect ninth	True
Perkins won his second straight start -- he 's 2 - 0 against Detroit in three outings this season -- after allowing six hits . Nick Punto had RBIs in the fourth	True
Perkins won his second straight start -- he 's 2 - 0 against Detroit in three outings this season -- after allowing six hits . Nick Punto had RBIs in the fourth and sixth innings before Delmon Young added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Guillen drove home the game 's first run with a third-inning single but Minnesota answered an inning later when Punto hit an RBI double . Punto made it 2 - 1 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Punto made it 2 - 1 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth off rookie starter Armando Galarraga ( 7 - 3 ) . Young 's sacrifice fly came off Aquilino Lopez and made it 3 - 1 . The Tigers appeared poised to tie the game or take the lead after loading the bases with one out in the bottom of the seventh	True
The Tigers appeared poised to tie the game or take the lead after loading the bases with one out in the bottom of the seventh but only could manage Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . Detroit ( 46 - 46 ) , which is 4 - 9 against Minnesota this season , got just three runners into scoring position before the seventh	True
The defending AL Central-champion Indians ( 37 - 52 ) have dropped nine straight , their longest losing streak since 2004 . The latest setback was the first	False
The left-hander hit both sides of the plate on the fastballs that Cabrera sent over the left- and right-field fences . Cabrera capped the four - run third	True
Cabrera capped the four - run third with a two - run homer -- a pitch after Thames ' RBI double -- on a swing that looked simply effortless . Thames 17th homer , a two - run shot , put Detroit ahead 6 - 2 in the fifth inning . Curtis Granderson 's second RBI of the gave Detroit a five - run cushion in the sixth	True
Thames 17th homer , a two - run shot , put Detroit ahead 6 - 2 in the fifth inning . Curtis Granderson 's second RBI of the gave Detroit a five - run cushion in the sixth . Cabrera 's second homer came on an 0 - 2 count on a low-and-outside pitch that he hit to opposite field over the right-field fence in the seventh	True
Tatis hit a two - run homer in the 12th inning , lifting the Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Sunday in a game that ended more than seven hours after it started . Jayson Werth hit a two - run shot off Mets closer Billy Wagner with two outs in the ninth	True
Tatis hit a two - run homer in the 12th inning , lifting the Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Sunday in a game that ended more than seven hours after it started . Jayson Werth hit a two - run shot off Mets closer Billy Wagner with two outs in the ninth to send the game into extra innings after it was delayed 2 hours , 50 minutes because of heavy rain in the bottom of the eighth	True
Jayson Werth hit a two - run shot off Mets closer Billy Wagner with two outs in the ninth to send the game into extra innings after it was delayed 2 hours , 50 minutes because of heavy rain in the bottom of the eighth . But the Mets avoided another devastating loss in a season filled with them when Tatis connected off Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) with one out in the 12th	True
Phillies starter Kyle Kendrick allowed one run and eight hits in six innings . Carlos Beltran lined a 3 - 2 pitch off Kendrick into the right-field seats in the third	True
Beltran 's two - out RBI single off Brad Lidge in the ninth gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead that Wagner could n't protect . Both starters threw a lot of pitches and worked out of trouble much of the game . The Phillies had runners on second	False
Beltran 's two - out RBI single off Brad Lidge in the ninth gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead that Wagner could n't protect . Both starters threw a lot of pitches and worked out of trouble much of the game . The Phillies had runners on second and third	False
Beltran 's two - out RBI single off Brad Lidge in the ninth gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead that Wagner could n't protect . Both starters threw a lot of pitches and worked out of trouble much of the game . The Phillies had runners on second and third with one out in the first	True
Both starters threw a lot of pitches and worked out of trouble much of the game . The Phillies had runners on second and third with one out in the first , but Howard struck out and Burrell fouled out . Mets right fielder Endy Chavez made a sensational , leaping catch sprinting toward the right-field corner to rob Carlos Ruiz of extra bases and save a run in the second	True
The Pirates were miserable with men on . They went 1 - of - 12 with runners in scoring position and stranded 12 total , including eight against Sheets , who is having the best season of his eight - year career . Sheets ( 10 - 2 ) stranded eight runners in the first five innings , allowing one run and eight hits before departing in the sixth	True
Gorzelanny picked off Ryan Braun after a walk , but failed to get another out . Prince Fielder snapped an 0 - for - 13 skid with a bloop double , advanced to third	False
After Mike Cameron walked , Hall , who drove in three runs , singled in Hart and Gorzelanny 's defense failed him when left fielder Jason Bay made an errant throw to third base , allowing Cameron to score on a nifty slide past Ryan Doumit 's tag to make it 8 - 1 . Gorzelanny , who gave up 11 hits , was yanked after his fourth walk of the inning . But he did n't get any run support with Pittsburgh leaving two runners on in four different innings and only scoring once on Xavier Nady 's RBI double with two outs in the third	True
Gorzelanny , who gave up 11 hits , was yanked after his fourth walk of the inning . But he did n't get any run support with Pittsburgh leaving two runners on in four different innings and only scoring once on Xavier Nady 's RBI double with two outs in the third . It was a good start to the Brewers ' 10-game homestand after they lost a five - run lead in the ninth	True
It was a good start to the Brewers ' 10-game homestand after they lost a five - run lead in the ninth on Thursday in Arizona . Hall , who faces lefties as part of a third base platoon with Russell Branyan , made sure they forgot quickly . He drove the first pitch he saw into the Brewers ' bullpen to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
It was a good start to the Brewers ' 10-game homestand after they lost a five - run lead in the ninth on Thursday in Arizona . Hall , who faces lefties as part of a third base platoon with Russell Branyan , made sure they forgot quickly . He drove the first pitch he saw into the Brewers ' bullpen to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead in the second . He also scored on Jason Kendall 's two - out single in the fourth	True
Pena hit .282 with 46 homers and 121 RBIs last season , when he was the AL Comeback Player of the Year . His average has not been above .250 this season , and Friday was only his eighth multi-hit game this year . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) matched his win total for last season , limiting the Royals to David DeJesus ' first-inning single and Mark Grudzielanek 's solo homer in the seventh	True
Pena hit .282 with 46 homers and 121 RBIs last season , when he was the AL Comeback Player of the Year . His average has not been above .250 this season , and Friday was only his eighth multi-hit game this year . Jackson ( 5 - 6 ) matched his win total for last season , limiting the Royals to David DeJesus ' first-inning single and Mark Grudzielanek 's solo homer in the seventh before giving up two singles and an unearned run in the eighth	True
The Royals have lost five of seven . They contributed to Tampa Bay 's fifth straight win with three errors , three walks and a wild pitch that led to runs . Pena 's first homer since June 3 was a three - run shot off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) that made it 7 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Royals have lost five of seven . They contributed to Tampa Bay 's fifth straight win with three errors , three walks and a wild pitch that led to runs . Pena 's first homer since June 3 was a three - run shot off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) that made it 7 - 0 in the fifth . He also had a RBI single in the first	True
The Royals have lost five of seven . They contributed to Tampa Bay 's fifth straight win with three errors , three walks and a wild pitch that led to runs . Pena 's first homer since June 3 was a three - run shot off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) that made it 7 - 0 in the fifth . He also had a RBI single in the first and a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Jackson did n't get his first win in 2007 until June 24 . The 24-year-old right-hander was 1 - 9 after losing to the Red Sox at Fenway Park on July 4 and finished 5 - 15 with a 5.76 ERA in 31 starts . Thanks to a pair of double-play grounders , Jackson faced the minimum 18 batters through six innings . Grudzielanek hit his third homer of the season with one out in the seventh	True
Thanks to a pair of double-play grounders , Jackson faced the minimum 18 batters through six innings . Grudzielanek hit his third homer of the season with one out in the seventh . DeJesus led off the game with a single , extending his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games before Grudzielanek grounded into a double play . DeJesus drew a leadoff walk in the fourth	True
DeJesus led off the game with a single , extending his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games before Grudzielanek grounded into a double play . DeJesus drew a leadoff walk in the fourth , when Alex Gordon hit into an inning-ending double play . B. J. Upton and Cliff Floyd had sacrifice flies during Tampa Bay 's three - run first	True
B. J. Upton and Cliff Floyd had sacrifice flies during Tampa Bay 's three - run first . Pena 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 , then the slugger 's first homer since returning from a stint on the disabled list with a broken left index finger blew it open . The Rays added four runs in the eighth	True
Kevin Youkilis made the final Fourth at the ballpark truly memorable , sparking a come-from-behind 6 - 4 victory for the Red Sox on Friday with one of the strangest triples you 'll ever see . Mike Lowell drove in four runs , including a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the fifth	True
Mike Lowell drove in four runs , including a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the fifth against Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who lost for the seventh time in eight starts . But Youkilis created the lasting memory , hitting a drive that left New York 's Johnny Damon with a sprained and bruised left shoulder , a momentum turner that sent the punchless Yankees to their fifth loss in six games . With New York leading 3 - 1 in the third	True
The Yankees wore alternate caps for what was thought to be the first time in their history , participating in a promotion in which all big league teams ' hats contained Stars & Stripes logos . The hats had no impact on their bats : The Yankees ( 45 - 42 ) have dropped nine of 14 following a season-high , seven - game winning streak . A postgame tongue-lashing from manager Joe Girardi following Thursday 's 7 - 0 loss in the opener of the four - game series did little good . New York fell into fourth	True
New York fell into fourth in the AL East , percentage points behind Baltimore , six games back of the Red Sox and a season-high nine games behind division-leading Tampa Bay . The Yankees scored eight runs in their last five losses , batting .179 . A day after going 0 - for - 10 with runners on base , the Yankees were 2 - for - 14 . Josh Beckett ( 8 - 5 ) recovered from a three - run first	True
New York fell into fourth in the AL East , percentage points behind Baltimore , six games back of the Red Sox and a season-high nine games behind division-leading Tampa Bay . The Yankees scored eight runs in their last five losses , batting .179 . A day after going 0 - for - 10 with runners on base , the Yankees were 2 - for - 14 . Josh Beckett ( 8 - 5 ) recovered from a three - run first that included a two - run double by Alex Rodriguez . A-Rod came in on Jason Giambi 's sacrifice fly , but New York did n't score again until Derek Jeter 's RBI double with two outs in the ninth	True
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Down by four runs and within 12 outs of another loss at Camden Yards , the Kansas City Royals put together the kind of inning that happens maybe once a year . Mark Grudzielanek went 4 - for - 5 and played a key role in a seven - run sixth	True
Mark Grudzielanek went 4 - for - 5 and played a key role in a seven - run sixth that carried the Royals past the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Thursday night . Kansas City overcame two homers by Aubrey Huff to earn a split of the four - game series . The Royals took an early 3 - 0 lead , then yielded seven straight runs before sending 11 players to the plate in their most prolific inning since an eight - run second	True
Kansas City overcame two homers by Aubrey Huff to earn a split of the four - game series . The Royals took an early 3 - 0 lead , then yielded seven straight runs before sending 11 players to the plate in their most prolific inning since an eight - run second against St. Louis on June 14 , 2007 . It started with a leadoff walk to Jose Guillen . Then , after Billy Butler doubled and Miguel Olivo struck out , Kevin Millar botched a grounder to first	False
`` They made a mistake there , the fielding error , and we capitalized on it , '' Butler noted . The last time the Royals scored more than six runs in an inning on the road was Sept. 30 , 2006 , a seven - run first	True
The last time the Royals scored more than six runs in an inning on the road was Sept. 30 , 2006 , a seven - run first at Detroit . Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	True
Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his 23rd save . Butler and Pena hit solo homers to help the Royals win in Baltimore for only the second time in 11 games . Huff hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his 23rd save . Butler and Pena hit solo homers to help the Royals win in Baltimore for only the second time in 11 games . Huff hit a solo shot in the fourth and a two - run drive in the fifth	False
Huff hit a solo shot in the fourth and a two - run drive in the fifth , both off Kyle Davies . Huff has three homers in his last two games and 17 for the season , two more than in 2007 . He also doubled in a 3 - for - 4 night , but Baltimore 's designated hitter watched in dismay during Kansas City 's big inning . The Royals got six hits in the sixth	True
As a result , the Orioles became the last team in the majors to lose a game in which they scored at least six runs . Baltimore was 27 - 0 when scoring six runs or more . Down 3 - 0 , the Orioles batted around in a five - run fourth	True
Down 3 - 0 , the Orioles batted around in a five - run fourth that included Huff 's first home run and successive triples by Adam Jones and light-hitting Brandon Fahey . After Huff homered , Ramon Hernandez singled and scored on a two - out single by Melvin Mora . Millar walked and Jones drove in two runs before Fahey hit a liner off the scoreboard in right . Huff 's homer made it 7 - 3 in the fifth	True
Huff 's homer made it 7 - 3 in the fifth , but Baltimore got only one more hit the rest of the way . Butler made it 1 - 0 in the second	True
Huff 's homer made it 7 - 3 in the fifth , but Baltimore got only one more hit the rest of the way . Butler made it 1 - 0 in the second with his second homer in 196 at-bats this season . Pena led off the third	True
Huff 's homer made it 7 - 3 in the fifth , but Baltimore got only one more hit the rest of the way . Butler made it 1 - 0 in the second with his second homer in 196 at-bats this season . Pena led off the third with his first home run , the fourth	True
The Pirates came into the series with a bullpen known for protecting late leads , a sterling 29 - 0 when they were ahead after seven innings . In Cincinnati , they have struggled mightily to hold on . That entered into Russell 's thinking when Xavier Nady opened the 11th	True
That entered into Russell 's thinking when Xavier Nady opened the 11th with a single off David Weathers ( 2 - 4 ) . Instead of having Wilson bunt the runner into scoring position , Russell let him swing away . Wilson , batting ninth	False
Wilson , batting ninth in the order the last two days in another one of Russell 's experiments , hit the ball toward right field . Ken Griffey Jr. dived and failed to come up with it , letting Wilson make it all the way to third base . Wilson scored on Nate McLouth 's single for a 6 - 4 lead . Russell has batted his starting pitcher eighth	False
Wilson , batting ninth in the order the last two days in another one of Russell 's experiments , hit the ball toward right field . Ken Griffey Jr. dived and failed to come up with it , letting Wilson make it all the way to third base . Wilson scored on Nate McLouth 's single for a 6 - 4 lead . Russell has batted his starting pitcher eighth and his shortstop last for the last two games . Wilson , who went 3 - for - 5 , was surprised that he got to swing away in the 11th	True
That one swing and that one futile dive made the difference in a 3-hour , 57-minute game . Struggling closer Matt Capps ( 2 - 3 ) got the victory despite blowing a one - run lead in the 10th	True
Since converting his first 15 save chances , Capps has blown five of his last seven opportunities . Romulo Sanchez gave up Jerry Hairston Jr. 's run-scoring single in the 11th	True
Pirates starter Zach Duke gave up one run in five - plus innings , leaving him in position to get his first road win since May 27 last year in Cincinnati . With the bullpen 's meltdown , the left-hander now has failed to win his last 12 starts on the road . Phillips tied it at 3 with a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Phillips tied it at 3 with a two - run homer in the eighth off Damaso Marte . Griffey started that rally with a double , and Phillips reached for a pitch below the knees and sent it into the left-field stands , his first homer in 59 at-bats . The Pirates went up 4 - 3 on Jason Michaels ' RBI double in the 10th	True
Reds starter Edinson Volquez was coming off his worst showing , a 7 - 1 loss to Toronto on Thursday , and failed to make it through the sixth inning against the Pirates . Jose Bautista and Adam LaRoche had run-scoring doubles off Volquez , who gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . His ERA , which led the NL coming into the game , rose from 2.08 to 2.24 . In the end , the Reds lamented their wasted chances . They had a runner thrown out at home , and got only one run out of a bases loaded chance in the sixth	True
In each instance , Seattle 's bullpen came through instead of adding to its 25 blown saves . Corcoran , the fourth reliever used by manager Jim Riggleman , walked three in the ninth	True
Zach Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings and Shin-Soo Choo hit his ninth homer for Cleveland . Jackson is one of four players acquired from Milwaukee in the trade that sent CC Sabathia to the Brewers in July . Jackson hurt himself with a couple of mistakes in Seattle 's five - run fifth	True
Zach Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings and Shin-Soo Choo hit his ninth homer for Cleveland . Jackson is one of four players acquired from Milwaukee in the trade that sent CC Sabathia to the Brewers in July . Jackson hurt himself with a couple of mistakes in Seattle 's five - run fifth . He hit Matt Clement in the back with a pitch with one out . Miguel Cairo then reached on a single when Jackson fielded his well-placed bunt and made an ill-advised sidearm throw past first baseman Ryan Garko for an error , sending the runners to second	False
Zach Jackson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings and Shin-Soo Choo hit his ninth homer for Cleveland . Jackson is one of four players acquired from Milwaukee in the trade that sent CC Sabathia to the Brewers in July . Jackson hurt himself with a couple of mistakes in Seattle 's five - run fifth . He hit Matt Clement in the back with a pitch with one out . Miguel Cairo then reached on a single when Jackson fielded his well-placed bunt and made an ill-advised sidearm throw past first baseman Ryan Garko for an error , sending the runners to second and third	False
Jackson said if given the chance , he would try again to make the play . Ichiro Suzuki followed with an RBI single to give Seattle a 2 - 1 lead . Jackson tried to pick off Suzuki , but first baseman Martinez mishandled the throw for another error as Cairo scored from third	False
Ichiro Suzuki followed with an RBI single to give Seattle a 2 - 1 lead . Jackson tried to pick off Suzuki , but first baseman Martinez mishandled the throw for another error as Cairo scored from third . Ibanez singled in Suzuki and Beltre hit the next pitch over the wall for a 6 - 1 lead . Andy Marte had an RBI single and Franklin Gutierrez also drove in a run for Cleveland . Garko also scored on second baseman Jose Lopez 's throwing error in the eighth	True
Greg Norton homered for Atlanta , which has dropped 14 of 18 . The Braves have lost eight of 12 to the Nationals , the only team below them in the NL East . After Perez wiggled out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the first	True
After Perez wiggled out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the first , Zimmerman 's RBI single put the Nationals up 1 - 0 . Following Guzman 's double , Zimmerman blooped a run-scoring hit to right . In the second	True
In the second , Emilio Bonifacio 's one - out triple scored Elijah Dukes , who had slapped a leadoff double off the glove of third baseman Chipper Jones . Guzman then singled for a 3 - 0 lead . Washington chased Braves starter Jorge Campillo in a two - run fourth	True
McCann wondered what a few early runs would have meant to Campillo and the Braves . Atlanta cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the fifth	True
McCann wondered what a few early runs would have meant to Campillo and the Braves . Atlanta cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the fifth . Omar Infante led off with a double and Norton hit a two - run , pinch-hit homer to center . Josh Anderson reached on an infield single and went to second	False
Atlanta cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the fifth . Omar Infante led off with a double and Norton hit a two - run , pinch-hit homer to center . Josh Anderson reached on an infield single and went to second on second baseman Bonifacio 's throwing error before Martin Prado 's RBI double . Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly and Ronnie Belliard 's run-scoring single extended the lead to 7 - 3 in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks , who are closing in on their fifth division title in 11 seasons , will send aces Dan Haren and Brandon Webb against the Dodgers in the next two games . Down 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks , who are closing in on their fifth division title in 11 seasons , will send aces Dan Haren and Brandon Webb against the Dodgers in the next two games . Down 2 - 1 in the fifth , the Diamondbacks cashed in on a throwing error by Garciaparra , scoring three times to give Davis his second victory since July 30 . Garciaparra also made a fielding error that led to another run in the seventh	True
Arizona and Los Angeles have been dueling for control of the NL West , and lately neither has appeared capable of winning the race . The Dodgers had mustered 12 runs in the first seven games of their road trip . Desperate to bolster his attack , Torre put catcher Russell Martin in the leadoff spot for the first time this year and moved Ramirez up one slot , to third	False
It did n't make much difference . As they have all year , the Dodgers struggled to produce with runners in scoring position . Los Angeles loaded the bases in the first	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) retired the first 10 batters before giving up a single to Chris Young , who scored the game 's first run on Dunn 's double to the left-field corner . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
After Chad Tracy singled and Chris Snyder walked , Augie Ojeda bounced to Garciaparra , who fired a potential double-play ball into right field . Tracy scored to tie it 2 - 2 as Snyder took third	False
After Chad Tracy singled and Chris Snyder walked , Augie Ojeda bounced to Garciaparra , who fired a potential double-play ball into right field . Tracy scored to tie it 2 - 2 as Snyder took third and Ojeda reached second	False
The Angels ' Jon Garland ( 12 - 8 ) pitched eight innings , allowing five runs and eight hits . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 51st save in 56 chances , six saves short of Bobby Thigpen 's major league record set in 1990 . Garland got off to a rough start , giving up a three - run homer to Milton Bradley during the Rangers ' four - run first inning . But the right-hander settled down , allowing only a solo homer to Chris Davis in the fourth	True
Rivera , batting for Sean Rodriguez , hit reliever Warner Madrigal 's second pitch of the game after he came in with the bases loaded , one out and a run in on Jamey Wright 's bases-loaded walk to Mike Napoli . Reggie Willits ' RBI single provided the final run . Wright ( 6 - 6 ) replaced starter Brandon McCarthy to start the eighth	True
Wright ( 6 - 6 ) replaced starter Brandon McCarthy to start the eighth with the Rangers up 5 - 2 . Wright allowed two singles and two walks , and was charged with four runs . Mark Teixeira had a solo homer off McCarthy in the third	True
Wright ( 6 - 6 ) replaced starter Brandon McCarthy to start the eighth with the Rangers up 5 - 2 . Wright allowed two singles and two walks , and was charged with four runs . Mark Teixeira had a solo homer off McCarthy in the third , and Garret Anderson added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Making his second start of the season , McCarthy allowed two runs , one earned , and six hits over six innings . Teixeira 's home run into the seats in right , his eighth	False
Making his second start of the season , McCarthy allowed two runs , one earned , and six hits over six innings . Teixeira 's home run into the seats in right , his eighth for the Angels and 28th overall , narrowed the gap to 4 - 1 before Davis got the run back in the fourth	True
The game marked the first time instant replay was available for boundary home run calls , but it was n't used . Reliever Ryan Madson gave up three straight hits to start the bottom of the eighth	True
The game marked the first time instant replay was available for boundary home run calls , but it was n't used . Reliever Ryan Madson gave up three straight hits to start the bottom of the eighth . Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot homered leading off to make it 4 - 2 , Alfonso Soriano doubled and moved to third	False
Durbin was just as disappointed . Cubs starter Ryan Dempster , who 'd pitched out of trouble all game , gave up a leadoff double to Jayson Werth in the sixth	True
But the Phillies could n't hold it . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched the eighth	True
But the Phillies could n't hold it . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Kerry Wood gave up a leadoff single to Rollins in the ninth	True
Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Kerry Wood gave up a leadoff single to Rollins in the ninth and a long warning track fly ball to Utley before getting his 28th save in 33 chances . The Cubs tied the game 1 - 1 in the fifth	True
Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Kerry Wood gave up a leadoff single to Rollins in the ninth and a long warning track fly ball to Utley before getting his 28th save in 33 chances . The Cubs tied the game 1 - 1 in the fifth when Kosuke Fukudome beat out a single behind second	False
The Cubs tied the game 1 - 1 in the fifth when Kosuke Fukudome beat out a single behind second and Mark DeRosa drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the right-field corner for a run-scoring triple . The Phils got to Dempster for a run in the first	True
The Phils got to Dempster for a run in the first but left the bases loaded . Utley doubled , moved on a grounder and following a walk to Ryan Howard and scored on Victorino 's single . But after walking Werth to load the bases , Dempster fanned Feliz . Philadelphia had second	False
The Phils got to Dempster for a run in the first but left the bases loaded . Utley doubled , moved on a grounder and following a walk to Ryan Howard and scored on Victorino 's single . But after walking Werth to load the bases , Dempster fanned Feliz . Philadelphia had second and third	False
The Phils got to Dempster for a run in the first but left the bases loaded . Utley doubled , moved on a grounder and following a walk to Ryan Howard and scored on Victorino 's single . But after walking Werth to load the bases , Dempster fanned Feliz . Philadelphia had second and third in the fifth	True
Hampton , facing the Marlins for the first time since May 3 , 2005 , dropped to 10 - 7 with a 4.47 ERA in 24 career appearances ( 23 starts ) against Florida . Blaine Boyer pitched the ninth	True
Blaine Boyer pitched the ninth , giving up Uggla 's homer that ended the scoring . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Wes Helms ' RBI single . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , Ramirez made it 3 - 0 with a two - run single . Ramirez , who was hitting just .219 in 96 at-bats this season with runners in scoring position , drove in Uggla and Helms with two outs . Atlanta made it 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
Atlanta made it 3 - 1 in the fifth when Kelly Johnson tripled and scored on Martin Prado 's RBI groundout . Johnson faced the minimum through the first four innings and retired each batter he faced in the sixth	True
Atlanta made it 3 - 1 in the fifth when Kelly Johnson tripled and scored on Martin Prado 's RBI groundout . Johnson faced the minimum through the first four innings and retired each batter he faced in the sixth and seventh	True
Johnson faced the minimum through the first four innings and retired each batter he faced in the sixth and seventh . With runners on second	False
Johnson faced the minimum through the first four innings and retired each batter he faced in the sixth and seventh . With runners on second and third	False
Johnson faced the minimum through the first four innings and retired each batter he faced in the sixth and seventh . With runners on second and third in the eighth	True
Johnson faced the minimum through the first four innings and retired each batter he faced in the sixth and seventh . With runners on second and third in the eighth , Johnson struck out pinch-hitter Greg Norton and Gregor Blanco . In the ninth	True
They are 2 - 4 on their 14-game road trip , an increasingly ominous trek prompted by the Republican National Convention coming to the Minneapolis-St. Paul area . Morneau doubled leading off the fourth	True
Morneau doubled leading off the fourth but stayed there as Randy Ruiz and Delmon Young pulled ground balls to shortstop before Brendan Harris flied out . An inning earlier , the usually fundamentally sound Twins had runners at second	False
Morneau doubled leading off the fourth but stayed there as Randy Ruiz and Delmon Young pulled ground balls to shortstop before Brendan Harris flied out . An inning earlier , the usually fundamentally sound Twins had runners at second and third	False
Corcoran , up and down from the minor leagues for four years , pitched the final two scoreless innings for his first save in his 53rd career game because closer J. J. Putz had been up or used eight times in 10 days . Putz began warming up Tuesday , too , before manager Jim Riggleman called down to the bullpen to tell his 2007 All-Star to sit down . Rowland-Smith entered the sixth	True
The home run was hit by 30-year-old Ruiz . Hours after being named the International League Rookie of the Year , Ruiz flicked his bat at an 0 - 1 pitch that was low and away and sent it four rows into the right-field bleachers for his first career home run . Adrian Beltre , who won Monday night 's 11-inning game with a home run , missed another one off Scott Baker ( 7 - 4 ) by about a foot off the top of the wall in the left-field corner leading off the bottom of the sixth	True
Yunel Escobar 's single capped a four - run ninth inning against Gregg and gave the Atlanta Braves a 10 - 9 victory over the Marlins on Tuesday night . With the bases loaded and one out , Gregor Blanco grounded into what could have been a game-ending double play . But shortstop Hanley Ramirez was unable to pull the ball from his glove as Mark Kotsay slid into second	False
Ramirez refused to answer questions from reporters , but according to Marlins manager Fredi Gonzalez , the $ 70 million shortstop told coach Andy Fox that he could n't get the ball out of his glove . Florida , which began the night 5 games behind first-place New York in the NL East , overcame a 3 - 0 first-inning deficit and led 8 - 4 in the eighth	True
Florida , which began the night 5 games behind first-place New York in the NL East , overcame a 3 - 0 first-inning deficit and led 8 - 4 in the eighth . But the Marlins were done in by eight walks . Gregg struck out Chipper Jones with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
Florida , which began the night 5 games behind first-place New York in the NL East , overcame a 3 - 0 first-inning deficit and led 8 - 4 in the eighth . But the Marlins were done in by eight walks . Gregg struck out Chipper Jones with the bases loaded to end the eighth , then faced eight batters in the ninth	True
Kelly Johnson singled , Clint Sammons fouled out and Kotsay , the subject of trade rumors involving Boston , pinch hit and was intentionally walked to bring up Blanco . Will Ohman ( 4 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run-scoring double in the ninth	True
Will Ohman ( 4 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run-scoring double in the ninth to Cody Ross , who went 3 - for - 5 with a homer and four RBIs . Atlanta had closed to 8 - 6 in the eighth	True
Atlanta had closed to 8 - 6 in the eighth when Arthur Rhodes walked Blanco with the bases loaded and Joe Nelson walked Escobar with the bases loaded . Mike Jacobs , batting .096 in his previous 11 games , hit his 26th homer , a two - run drive off Julian Tavarez that gave Florida a four - run lead in the seventh	True
Pena 's bases-loaded single off Matt Thornton broke a 3-all tie and sent Tampa Bay to its 11th win in 14 games . The surprising Rays , who keep winning despite injuries to Evan Longoria , Carl Crawford and Troy Percival , moved 5 1/2 games ahead of second-place Boston . Tampa Bay pulled this one out even though Chicago 's Jermaine Dye hit two solo homers and Javier Vazquez retired his first 17 batters . The White Sox , who began the day a half-game behind first-place Minnesota in the AL Central , took a 3 - 1 lead into the eighth	True
That 's exactly what Iwamura did . Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
That 's exactly what Iwamura did . Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Chad Bradford retired the side in the eighth	True
That 's exactly what Iwamura did . Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Chad Bradford retired the side in the eighth and Dan Wheeler tossed a perfect ninth	True
The late rally spoiled another strong outing by Vazquez , who took the loss even though he outlasted Scott Kazmir . Vazquez did not allow a base runner until Bartlett doubled with two outs in the sixth	True
Kazmir was almost as good as Vazquez early but came up short in his bid to become the fifth Tampa Bay starter with at least 10 wins . He allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . The lefty did not allow a hit until Dye leaned in and pulled a low-and-away pitch into the left-field seats with one out in the fourth	True
Kazmir was almost as good as Vazquez early but came up short in his bid to become the fifth Tampa Bay starter with at least 10 wins . He allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . The lefty did not allow a hit until Dye leaned in and pulled a low-and-away pitch into the left-field seats with one out in the fourth . Dye made it 3 - 1 in the sixth	False
The Royals have their third losing streak of at least seven games this season . They have been outscored 78 - 29 in losing 10 of 11 and falling a season worst 19-games below .500 . Miner , who was making his seventh start since being recalled July 21 from Triple-A Toledo , did not allow a hit after Mark Teahen singled leading off the third	True
The Royals have their third losing streak of at least seven games this season . They have been outscored 78 - 29 in losing 10 of 11 and falling a season worst 19-games below .500 . Miner , who was making his seventh start since being recalled July 21 from Triple-A Toledo , did not allow a hit after Mark Teahen singled leading off the third . He retired 12 of the final 13 batters he faced , walking Alberto Callaspo with two outs in the sixth	True
Relievers Bobby Seay and Jeff Farnsworth completed the Tigers ' second shutout of the season . It was the third time in 11 games the Royals have been blanked . The Royals had only one runner reach second base and did not have a hit after the third inning . Cabrera led off the sixth	True
Cabrera has 12 home runs and 43 RBIs in 35 games after the All-Star break . Gary Sheffield led off the third	True
Cabrera has 12 home runs and 43 RBIs in 35 games after the All-Star break . Gary Sheffield led off the third with a double , moved to third	False
Cabrera has 12 home runs and 43 RBIs in 35 games after the All-Star break . Gary Sheffield led off the third with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Renteria 's fly to left . Carlos Guillen walked to lead off the fourth	True
Cabrera has 12 home runs and 43 RBIs in 35 games after the All-Star break . Gary Sheffield led off the third with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Renteria 's fly to left . Carlos Guillen walked to lead off the fourth , advanced to second	False
Cabrera has 12 home runs and 43 RBIs in 35 games after the All-Star break . Gary Sheffield led off the third with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Renteria 's fly to left . Carlos Guillen walked to lead off the fourth , advanced to second on a wild pitch , went to third	False
Gary Sheffield led off the third with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Renteria 's fly to left . Carlos Guillen walked to lead off the fourth , advanced to second on a wild pitch , went to third on a balk and scored on Joyce 's fly to right . Curtis Granderson led off the fifth	True
Gary Sheffield led off the third with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Renteria 's fly to left . Carlos Guillen walked to lead off the fourth , advanced to second on a wild pitch , went to third on a balk and scored on Joyce 's fly to right . Curtis Granderson led off the fifth with his third walk , took third	False
Perkins held Los Angeles to five hits , and Denard Span and Delmon Young homered as the Twins beat the Angels for the second consecutive night . The win was the fourth straight and ninth	False
Despite losing for the seventh time in nine games , the Angels remained 15 games ahead of Texas in the AL West . Perkins ( 11 - 3 ) struck out three and walked two on the way to winning his fourth consecutive decision . Dennys Reyes pitched the ninth	True
Perkins ( 11 - 3 ) struck out three and walked two on the way to winning his fourth consecutive decision . Dennys Reyes pitched the ninth to complete Minnesota 's ninth shutout . Young hit a two - run homer off Joe Saunders in the fourth	True
Perkins ( 11 - 3 ) struck out three and walked two on the way to winning his fourth consecutive decision . Dennys Reyes pitched the ninth to complete Minnesota 's ninth shutout . Young hit a two - run homer off Joe Saunders in the fourth , and Span added a towering three - run shot against Shane Loux as the Twins broke the game open with a five - run sixth	True
`` This is not anything that 's going to take a major overhaul . We just need a few tweaks here and there . Some guys are gripping the bat too tight , squeezing sawdust out of it . We just have to refocus and get back to playing the game . '' Span , who had four RBIs , made it 4 - 0 with two outs in the sixth	True
Span , who had four RBIs , made it 4 - 0 with two outs in the sixth with his third home run . Young 's two - run homer with two outs in the fourth gave Minnesota a 2 - 0 lead after both teams squandered early scoring chances . It was Young 's eighth	False
Varitek 's second homer in two games put Boston up 3 - 0 in the second inning . The drive enabled Boston 's captain to become the first Red Sox catcher to hit at least 10 home runs in nine seasons , breaking a tie with Carlton Fisk . Varitek added an RBI double in the fifth	True
Varitek was batting .166 in his last 64 games , a skid that dropped his batting average from .295 to .216 . Youkilis added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Brian Roberts had three hits , but Baltimore stranded 11 and went 2 - for - 11 with runners in scoring position . The Red Sox used an RBI single by David Ortiz and a sacrifice fly by Jason Bay to go up 2 - 0 in the first inning , and Varitek homered leading off the second	True
The Red Sox used an RBI single by David Ortiz and a sacrifice fly by Jason Bay to go up 2 - 0 in the first inning , and Varitek homered leading off the second . Baltimore closed to 3 - 2 in the third	True
Baltimore closed to 3 - 2 in the third . After Matsuzaka retired the first two batters , Melvin Mora singled and Aubrey Huff walked before Ramon Hernandez and Luke Scott delivered run-scoring singles . The Orioles loaded the bases in the fourth	True
So did Lewis and Rafael Perez , who struck out three over 1 1/3 perfect innings . Juan Rivera blooped a single in front of center fielder Grady Sizemore to open the ninth	True
So did Lewis and Rafael Perez , who struck out three over 1 1/3 perfect innings . Juan Rivera blooped a single in front of center fielder Grady Sizemore to open the ninth against Lewis . Gary Matthews Jr. ran for Rivera and was sacrificed to second	False
So did Lewis and Rafael Perez , who struck out three over 1 1/3 perfect innings . Juan Rivera blooped a single in front of center fielder Grady Sizemore to open the ninth against Lewis . Gary Matthews Jr. ran for Rivera and was sacrificed to second by pinch-hitter Sean Rodriguez . Pinch-hitter Kendry Morales singled Matthews to third	False
Juan Rivera blooped a single in front of center fielder Grady Sizemore to open the ninth against Lewis . Gary Matthews Jr. ran for Rivera and was sacrificed to second by pinch-hitter Sean Rodriguez . Pinch-hitter Kendry Morales singled Matthews to third before Lewis got Chone Figgins on an infield popout and Erick Aybar to foul out to left field . Cleveland took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
Juan Rivera blooped a single in front of center fielder Grady Sizemore to open the ninth against Lewis . Gary Matthews Jr. ran for Rivera and was sacrificed to second by pinch-hitter Sean Rodriguez . Pinch-hitter Kendry Morales singled Matthews to third before Lewis got Chone Figgins on an infield popout and Erick Aybar to foul out to left field . Cleveland took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth against Justin Speier ( 1 - 6 ) . Sal Fasano hit a leadoff double and was sacrificed to third	False
The Angels had scored 164 runs in their previous 26 games and quickly added to that total . Singles by Figgins , Aybar and Mark Teixeira to open the game gave them a 1 - 0 lead . When Teixeira 's soft single to center hopped past Sizemore for an error , the runners went to second	False
The Angels had scored 164 runs in their previous 26 games and quickly added to that total . Singles by Figgins , Aybar and Mark Teixeira to open the game gave them a 1 - 0 lead . When Teixeira 's soft single to center hopped past Sizemore for an error , the runners went to second and third	False
The Angels had scored 164 runs in their previous 26 games and quickly added to that total . Singles by Figgins , Aybar and Mark Teixeira to open the game gave them a 1 - 0 lead . When Teixeira 's soft single to center hopped past Sizemore for an error , the runners went to second and third . Aybar then scored on a grounder by Vladimir Guerrero , though Teixeira was out trying for third	False
Cleveland 's Franklin Gutierrez had three singles for his first three - hit game since April 29 . His two - out , two - run single off Joe Saunders with the bases loaded in the bottom of the first tied it at 2 . The Indians scored once in the third	True
The Indians scored once in the third . With Jamey Carroll on third base and two outs , Ryan Garko checked his swing and hit a high bouncer over Saunders ' head for an RBI single . Carroll scored easily as Saunders stumbled while going for the ball and his left shoulder collided with second baseman Howie Kendrick 's knee . Figgins singled to start the fifth	True
NEW YORK ( ESPN.com news services ) -- Here 's how upside down everything is for the New York Yankees : They lost a game because Mariano Rivera lost his control . Rivera 's first wild pitch of the season -- and second	False
Mark Teahen hit a two - run double and Kansas City got another solid outing from Gil Meche , who has n't lost in eight starts since July 2 at Baltimore . The last-place Royals improved to 6 - 29 at Yankee Stadium this decade by beating New York for the fifth time in eight meetings overall this season . With a 3 - 2 count on Johnny Damon , pinch-runner Justin Christian was inexplicably picked off first base for the first	True
Mark Teahen hit a two - run double and Kansas City got another solid outing from Gil Meche , who has n't lost in eight starts since July 2 at Baltimore . The last-place Royals improved to 6 - 29 at Yankee Stadium this decade by beating New York for the fifth time in eight meetings overall this season . With a 3 - 2 count on Johnny Damon , pinch-runner Justin Christian was inexplicably picked off first base for the first out of the bottom of the ninth	True
After Joakim Soria picked off Christian , the Yankees loaded the bases with two outs . But the All-Star closer preserved Kansas City 's second victory in nine games when Giambi hit a routine fly to center . Esteban German doubled with one out in the top of the ninth	False
After Joakim Soria picked off Christian , the Yankees loaded the bases with two outs . But the All-Star closer preserved Kansas City 's second victory in nine games when Giambi hit a routine fly to center . Esteban German doubled with one out in the top of the ninth and moved to third	False
New York 's Andy Pettitte struck out his first two batters after the start of the game was delayed 91 minutes by rain , but Kansas City jumped ahead in the second inning . Jose Guillen drew a leadoff walk , went to third	False
Jose Guillen drew a leadoff walk , went to third on Alex Gordon 's one - out double and scored when Gload hit a sacrifice fly . John Buck snapped an 0 - for - 30 slide with a leadoff double in the fifth	True
Meche was lifted with a 3 - 1 lead after six innings and 106 pitches . He struck out eight and walked two . Ron Mahay 's wildness helped New York rally in the seventh	True
Troy Tulowitzki and Hawpe homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Nationals 4 - 3 on Friday night . Hawpe 's two - run shot to center field capped a three - run rally against Redding ( 8 - 8 ) with two down in the fifth	True
Troy Tulowitzki and Hawpe homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Nationals 4 - 3 on Friday night . Hawpe 's two - run shot to center field capped a three - run rally against Redding ( 8 - 8 ) with two down in the fifth . Seth Smith singled and scored when Matt Holliday sailed a double over the head of center fielder Lastings Milledge , tying the game at 2 on what could have been the third	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) went six innings , allowing three runs and six hits . He had been moved to the bullpen , but returned to the rotation Friday night after an injury to ace Aaron Cook made the Rockies juggle their rotation . Cook is scheduled to start on Sunday . Manuel Corpas pitched the seventh	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) went six innings , allowing three runs and six hits . He had been moved to the bullpen , but returned to the rotation Friday night after an injury to ace Aaron Cook made the Rockies juggle their rotation . Cook is scheduled to start on Sunday . Manuel Corpas pitched the seventh , Taylor Buchholz worked the eighth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) went six innings , allowing three runs and six hits . He had been moved to the bullpen , but returned to the rotation Friday night after an injury to ace Aaron Cook made the Rockies juggle their rotation . Cook is scheduled to start on Sunday . Manuel Corpas pitched the seventh , Taylor Buchholz worked the eighth and Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth	True
Manuel Corpas pitched the seventh , Taylor Buchholz worked the eighth and Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities . In the seventh	True
Manuel Corpas pitched the seventh , Taylor Buchholz worked the eighth and Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities . In the seventh , pinch hitter Willy Taveras singled and stole second	False
Manuel Corpas pitched the seventh , Taylor Buchholz worked the eighth and Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities . In the seventh , pinch hitter Willy Taveras singled and stole second , recording his 54th steal , a new franchise record . The previous mark of 53 was set by Eric Young in 1996 . Taveras later swiped No . 55 in the ninth	True
In the seventh , pinch hitter Willy Taveras singled and stole second , recording his 54th steal , a new franchise record . The previous mark of 53 was set by Eric Young in 1996 . Taveras later swiped No . 55 in the ninth . The Nationals , who had been shut out in three of their previous seven games and 18 times overall this season , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Redding retired the first seven Colorado hitters in order before Tulowitzki hit his fourth homer to center off an 0 - 2 fastball . It the first home run since July 2 for Tulowitzki , who had 24 last year . Washington retook the lead in third	True
Redding retired the first seven Colorado hitters in order before Tulowitzki hit his fourth homer to center off an 0 - 2 fastball . It the first home run since July 2 for Tulowitzki , who had 24 last year . Washington retook the lead in third when Belliard drew a leadoff walk , moved to second	False
Washington retook the lead in third when Belliard drew a leadoff walk , moved to second on a wild pitch and scored when Ryan Zimmerman poked a single into right field . The Rockies rallied for three runs off Redding in the fifth	True
`` You 're tired and you 're all those things , but to be able to do that a day after having a baby is really special . You get a little bit extra when you 're in a situation like that . '' Perkins ( 9 - 3 ) struck out four and induced two inning-ending double plays , receiving a standing ovation when he left after the eighth	True
Perkins ( 9 - 3 ) struck out four and induced two inning-ending double plays , receiving a standing ovation when he left after the eighth . Joe Nathan fanned Bobby Abreu , Alex Rodriguez and Xavier Nady in the ninth	True
Lyla Cynthia Perkins was born about 6 p.m. on Sunday in St. Paul . The Yankees managed only one runner past first base , when Robinson Cano advanced to third	False
Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) pitched 5 1/3 innings , allowing six hits and four runs -- two earned -- and the Cardinals fell seven games behind the first-place Cubs in the NL Central . Dempster ( 13 - 5 ) took a shutout into the seventh	True
Closer-turned-starter Dempster , 11 - 2 at Wrigley Field this season , allowed six hits and two runs in 6 2/3 innings . Derrek Lee 's RBI single after a leadoff double by Alfonso Soriano and an infield out put the Cubs up 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
Brad Thompson relieved and Mark DeRosa delivered an RBI single . Geovany Soto followed with another single before Ronny Cedeno doubled to deep right-center to make it 6 - 0 . He was thrown out at third trying to stretch the hit into a triple . The Cubs took advantage of another St. Louis error to manufacture an unearned run in the second inning . Ramirez hit a broken-bat single to right-center , and when Ludwick fumbled the ball for an error , Ramirez made it to second	False
Brad Thompson relieved and Mark DeRosa delivered an RBI single . Geovany Soto followed with another single before Ronny Cedeno doubled to deep right-center to make it 6 - 0 . He was thrown out at third trying to stretch the hit into a triple . The Cubs took advantage of another St. Louis error to manufacture an unearned run in the second inning . Ramirez hit a broken-bat single to right-center , and when Ludwick fumbled the ball for an error , Ramirez made it to second . He moved to third	False
The Cubs took advantage of another St. Louis error to manufacture an unearned run in the second inning . Ramirez hit a broken-bat single to right-center , and when Ludwick fumbled the ball for an error , Ramirez made it to second . He moved to third on Edmonds ' long fly to center and scored on DeRosa 's sacrifice fly , just beating Ludwick 's throw to the plate . The Cardinals missed several chances against Dempster . Troy Glaus singled and Yadier Molina singled on a hit-and-run in the fourth	True
The Cubs took advantage of another St. Louis error to manufacture an unearned run in the second inning . Ramirez hit a broken-bat single to right-center , and when Ludwick fumbled the ball for an error , Ramirez made it to second . He moved to third on Edmonds ' long fly to center and scored on DeRosa 's sacrifice fly , just beating Ludwick 's throw to the plate . The Cardinals missed several chances against Dempster . Troy Glaus singled and Yadier Molina singled on a hit-and-run in the fourth , but Edmonds denied his former team with a nice diving catch of Carpenter 's sinking liner with runners at second	False
The Cubs took advantage of another St. Louis error to manufacture an unearned run in the second inning . Ramirez hit a broken-bat single to right-center , and when Ludwick fumbled the ball for an error , Ramirez made it to second . He moved to third on Edmonds ' long fly to center and scored on DeRosa 's sacrifice fly , just beating Ludwick 's throw to the plate . The Cardinals missed several chances against Dempster . Troy Glaus singled and Yadier Molina singled on a hit-and-run in the fourth , but Edmonds denied his former team with a nice diving catch of Carpenter 's sinking liner with runners at second and third	False
The Cubs took advantage of another St. Louis error to manufacture an unearned run in the second inning . Ramirez hit a broken-bat single to right-center , and when Ludwick fumbled the ball for an error , Ramirez made it to second . He moved to third on Edmonds ' long fly to center and scored on DeRosa 's sacrifice fly , just beating Ludwick 's throw to the plate . The Cardinals missed several chances against Dempster . Troy Glaus singled and Yadier Molina singled on a hit-and-run in the fourth , but Edmonds denied his former team with a nice diving catch of Carpenter 's sinking liner with runners at second and third to end the inning . In the third	True
The Phillies have gone 23 innings without scoring a run , and were last blanked in back-to-back games on Sept. 11 - 12 , 1999 , in Arizona . They 've been held to two runs or fewer in 30 games this season , as opposed to 25 all of last season . Ryan Doumit started the 12th	True
Ryan Doumit started the 12th with a double off Phillies reliever Les Walrond ( 0 - 1 ) . One out later , Pearce smacked a ball past third baseman Eric Bruntlett and down the left-field line , allowing Doumit to trot home for a 1 - 0 lead . A two - out , bases-loaded infield single by Freddy Sanchez gave the Pirates a little extra cushion . T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings of relief for Pittsburgh , and Craig Hansen tossed the 12th	True
T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings of relief for Pittsburgh , and Craig Hansen tossed the 12th for his third save of the season and first since he was traded from the Boston Red Sox in the three - team Manny Ramirez deal on July 31 . Hansen got some help from Brandon Moss , who made a diving grab in left-center on Chase Utley 's fly ball with runners on first	False
T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings of relief for Pittsburgh , and Craig Hansen tossed the 12th for his third save of the season and first since he was traded from the Boston Red Sox in the three - team Manny Ramirez deal on July 31 . Hansen got some help from Brandon Moss , who made a diving grab in left-center on Chase Utley 's fly ball with runners on first and second	False
T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings of relief for Pittsburgh , and Craig Hansen tossed the 12th for his third save of the season and first since he was traded from the Boston Red Sox in the three - team Manny Ramirez deal on July 31 . Hansen got some help from Brandon Moss , who made a diving grab in left-center on Chase Utley 's fly ball with runners on first and second and one out . Moss threw to Sanchez covering second	False
T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings of relief for Pittsburgh , and Craig Hansen tossed the 12th for his third save of the season and first since he was traded from the Boston Red Sox in the three - team Manny Ramirez deal on July 31 . Hansen got some help from Brandon Moss , who made a diving grab in left-center on Chase Utley 's fly ball with runners on first and second and one out . Moss threw to Sanchez covering second to try to double up Jimmy Rollins , but he made it back safely . Sanchez then spun and threw to first	False
Though neither starting pitcher factored in the decision , Philadelphia 's Joe Blanton and Pittsburgh 's Paul Maholm controlled the game for the first seven innings . Acquired by the Phillies last month in a trade with Oakland , Blanton allowed just one hit -- a leadoff single by Doug Mientkiewicz in the fourth	True
Acquired by the Phillies last month in a trade with Oakland , Blanton allowed just one hit -- a leadoff single by Doug Mientkiewicz in the fourth . Blanton walked two , tied a season-high with seven strikeouts and did n't allow a Pirates runner past first base . Maholm scattered five hits , walked three , and struck out a career-high 10 , including five straight between the fifth	True
Maholm scattered five hits , walked three , and struck out a career-high 10 , including five straight between the fifth and seventh innings . Pat Burrell nearly broke the deadlock in the eighth	True
Zach Miner ( 6 - 4 ) allowed seven hits and two runs -- one earned -- in six innings . Fernando Rodney got the final four outs to get his second save in six chances and just the 23rd in 43 opportunities for Detroit 's struggling bullpen . Curtis Granderson also homered for Detroit . And Magglio Ordonez had a two - run triple and Matt Joyce a run-scoring double in the ninth	True
Curtis Granderson also homered for Detroit . And Magglio Ordonez had a two - run triple and Matt Joyce a run-scoring double in the ninth to put it away . Detroit is 7 1/2 games behind the White Sox in the AL Central , and second-place Minnesota trails first-place Chicago by a half game . Carlos Quentin 's AL-leading 30th homer , off Bobby Seay in the eighth	True
Carlos Quentin 's AL-leading 30th homer , off Bobby Seay in the eighth , pulled Chicago within 5 - 3 . But Chicago 's rally fizzled when Jim Thome , who 'd walked , was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Paul Konerko 's double to left . Raburn , who initially had the ball bound away from him , threw to shortstop Ramon Santiago , who made a perfect peg to catcher Brandon Inge to easily get Thome for the second	False
But Chicago 's rally fizzled when Jim Thome , who 'd walked , was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Paul Konerko 's double to left . Raburn , who initially had the ball bound away from him , threw to shortstop Ramon Santiago , who made a perfect peg to catcher Brandon Inge to easily get Thome for the second out . After Seay hit Ken Griffey Jr. with a pitch , Rodney relieved . Raburn , who entered the game in the seventh	True
But Chicago 's rally fizzled when Jim Thome , who 'd walked , was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Paul Konerko 's double to left . Raburn , who initially had the ball bound away from him , threw to shortstop Ramon Santiago , who made a perfect peg to catcher Brandon Inge to easily get Thome for the second out . After Seay hit Ken Griffey Jr. with a pitch , Rodney relieved . Raburn , who entered the game in the seventh as a defensive replacement , saved the Tigers with a nice diving catch on Alexei Ramirez 's liner with runners at second	False
But Chicago 's rally fizzled when Jim Thome , who 'd walked , was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Paul Konerko 's double to left . Raburn , who initially had the ball bound away from him , threw to shortstop Ramon Santiago , who made a perfect peg to catcher Brandon Inge to easily get Thome for the second out . After Seay hit Ken Griffey Jr. with a pitch , Rodney relieved . Raburn , who entered the game in the seventh as a defensive replacement , saved the Tigers with a nice diving catch on Alexei Ramirez 's liner with runners at second and third	False
After Seay hit Ken Griffey Jr. with a pitch , Rodney relieved . Raburn , who entered the game in the seventh as a defensive replacement , saved the Tigers with a nice diving catch on Alexei Ramirez 's liner with runners at second and third . Cabrera , who was 3 - for - 3 with two walks , lined a two - out , two - run homer -- his 21st of the season -- in the third	True
Cabrera , who was 3 - for - 3 with two walks , lined a two - out , two - run homer -- his 21st of the season -- in the third to score Carlos Guillen , who 'd doubled over Griffey 's head in right . Placido Polanco doubled past third	False
Cabrera , who was 3 - for - 3 with two walks , lined a two - out , two - run homer -- his 21st of the season -- in the third to score Carlos Guillen , who 'd doubled over Griffey 's head in right . Placido Polanco doubled past third in the fifth	False
Placido Polanco doubled past third in the fifth before Guillen hit a shot down the first base line for a triple that made it 3 - 0 . Cabrera then delivered a two - out RBI single off Javier Vazquez ( 8 - 10 ) and it was 4 - 0 . Granderson led off the seventh	True
Granderson led off the seventh with his 14th homer to put Detroit ahead 5 - 2 . Chicago 's Nick Swisher and Juan Uribe opened the bottom half of the fifth	True
Granderson led off the seventh with his 14th homer to put Detroit ahead 5 - 2 . Chicago 's Nick Swisher and Juan Uribe opened the bottom half of the fifth with back-to-back ground-rule doubles to make it 4 - 1 , but Miner retired the next three batters . Santiago 's wild throw to first	False
Granderson led off the seventh with his 14th homer to put Detroit ahead 5 - 2 . Chicago 's Nick Swisher and Juan Uribe opened the bottom half of the fifth with back-to-back ground-rule doubles to make it 4 - 1 , but Miner retired the next three batters . Santiago 's wild throw to first on Ramirez 's infield single allowed Konerko to score Chicago 's second run in the sixth	True
Chicago 's Nick Swisher and Juan Uribe opened the bottom half of the fifth with back-to-back ground-rule doubles to make it 4 - 1 , but Miner retired the next three batters . Santiago 's wild throw to first on Ramirez 's infield single allowed Konerko to score Chicago 's second run in the sixth . The White Sox loaded the bases in the fourth	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) -- Tim Wakefield 's knuckleball must be better than Trey Hillman 's . The Kansas City manager tossed his version to Royals hitters in batting practice Wednesday afternoon , hoping to get them ready for the Boston knuckler who 's second	False
Jed Lowrie and J. D. Drew drove in two runs apiece for the Red Sox , whose only negative note on the night was the bruised and swollen right hand of first baseman Kevin Youkilis . Luke Hochevar ( 6 - 10 ) hit Youkilis with a pitch in the first inning , loading the bases . After trainers inspected the hand , Youkilis stayed in to run , but left the game when he was doubled off first	False
Wakefield threw knuckleballs almost exclusively , tossing practically each delivery toward the plate in the 63 mph range while winning for the first time in four starts . After Mark Teahen 's two - out single in the first	True
`` The second inning on , he had it going . He mixed in a couple of fastballs at opportune times . It 's a difficult thing when you 're looking for that thing dancing and he drops a 72 mph fastball in . '' Ellsbury , who appears to be breaking out of a prolonged slump , was 3 - for - 4 with two runs and the three - run homer off left-handed Ron Mahay . He also made a diving , tumbling head-over-heels catch of Mitch Maier 's popup into shallow center after Ross Gload 's two - run double shaved the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
Ellsbury , who appears to be breaking out of a prolonged slump , was 3 - for - 4 with two runs and the three - run homer off left-handed Ron Mahay . He also made a diving , tumbling head-over-heels catch of Mitch Maier 's popup into shallow center after Ross Gload 's two - run double shaved the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth . If Ellsbury lets the ball fall , the Royals have two in , runners at first	False
Ellsbury , who appears to be breaking out of a prolonged slump , was 3 - for - 4 with two runs and the three - run homer off left-handed Ron Mahay . He also made a diving , tumbling head-over-heels catch of Mitch Maier 's popup into shallow center after Ross Gload 's two - run double shaved the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth . If Ellsbury lets the ball fall , the Royals have two in , runners at first and third	False
Pujols ' sixth career grand slam and Ludwick 's drive during a five - run fourth chased Derek Lowe , who gave up eight runs and 13 hits in only 3 1/3 innings . Ludwick was 3 - for - 5 with three RBIs and Pujols finished 4 - for - 4 with a walk , while insisting being on the same field as Manny Ramirez served as motivation . Ramirez hit his 513th homer run in the second inning to break a tie with Ernie Banks and Eddie Mathews for 20th place on the career list . Ramirez added an RBI single in the third	True
Ramirez hit his 513th homer run in the second inning to break a tie with Ernie Banks and Eddie Mathews for 20th place on the career list . Ramirez added an RBI single in the third to give the Dodgers an early 3 - 1 lead , and is batting .600 ( 12 - for - 20 ) with three homers and six RBIs in five games since joining the Dodgers . Fans booed him before every at-bat , and rode him when he took his time getting back into the box after running out a foul grounder in the sixth	True
Fans booed him before every at-bat , and rode him when he took his time getting back into the box after running out a foul grounder in the sixth . Joel Pineiro ( 4 - 5 ) needed only 78 pitches to get through seven innings for his first victory in five starts and only his second	False
The Cardinals , who had lost six of seven at home entering the series , have won 10 of the last 11 over the Dodgers at home . Los Angeles is 1 - 7 at new Busch Stadium . The Dodgers finished the game under protest after manager Joe Torre burned pinch hitter Mark Sweeney , replacing him with Jeff Kent during a two - run eighth	True
La Russa did change pitchers after the game resumed , and rookie Chris Perez caught Kent on a called third strike and Angel Berroa on an infield pop-up to end the inning . Perez also worked the ninth	True
Sanchez won 10 games and threw a no-hitter as a rookie in 2006 , then missed most of last season after having surgery in June to repair a torn labrum . Howard drove one out to left-center to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
Howard drove one out to left-center to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead in the third . He is tied with Adam Dunn for the major league lead with 32 homers . Howard just missed hitting another opposite-field shot in the fifth	True
The Phillies scored in each of the first three innings against Sanchez . Chase Utley 's RBI double in the first made it 1 - 0 . Shane Victorino walked with one out and scored when Utley ripped a liner to right-center . Geoff Jenkins reached on Sanchez 's fielding error to start Philadelphia 's second	True
Geoff Jenkins reached on Sanchez 's fielding error to start Philadelphia 's second and Coste was hit by a pitch . Eric Bruntlett 's double down the left-field line scored Jenkins . Coste scored on Kendrick 's groundout to shortstop for a 3 - 0 lead . Pinch-hitter Mike Cervenak bounced a single to left for his first major league hit and RBI , giving the Phillies a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Redding settled down after a rough start and Washington rallied from an early three - run deficit to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 4 on Monday night , the fourth straight win for the Nationals . Redding ( 8 - 6 ) gave up three runs in the first	True
It was a disappointing start to a key homestand for the Rockies , who play seven games against the Nationals and San Diego Padres -- the teams with the two worst records in the NL -- before hosting first-place Arizona . The Rockies began the day seven games behind the Diamondbacks in the NL West . Trailing 3 - 1 , the Nationals got to Colorado 's ace in the third	True
It was a disappointing start to a key homestand for the Rockies , who play seven games against the Nationals and San Diego Padres -- the teams with the two worst records in the NL -- before hosting first-place Arizona . The Rockies began the day seven games behind the Diamondbacks in the NL West . Trailing 3 - 1 , the Nationals got to Colorado 's ace in the third . Redding and Emilio Bonifacio singled , and Cook threw the ball into left field trying to force out Redding at third	False
Washington took a 5 - 3 lead on a throwing error by Troy Tulowitzki later in the inning . The Nationals added two more in the sixth	True
The Nationals added two more in the sixth on a triple by Bonifacio and a single by Harris , chasing Cook . Redding left after giving up a single and a walk to start the Rockies ' sixth	True
Redding left after giving up a single and a walk to start the Rockies ' sixth . Reliever Saul Rivera got out of the jam after Garrett Atkins scored on a groundout to make it 7 - 4 . Harris hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Redding left after giving up a single and a walk to start the Rockies ' sixth . Reliever Saul Rivera got out of the jam after Garrett Atkins scored on a groundout to make it 7 - 4 . Harris hit a two - run homer in the eighth , his ninth	False
The Rockies looked like they would run away with the game in the first inning . Clint Barmes led off with a single , Tulowitzki walked and Matt Holliday doubled in a run . Brad Hawpe followed with a two - run single to right to make it 3 - 0 . Jesus Flores cut the lead to 3 - 1 with a one - out home run in the second	True
The Rockies looked like they would run away with the game in the first inning . Clint Barmes led off with a single , Tulowitzki walked and Matt Holliday doubled in a run . Brad Hawpe followed with a two - run single to right to make it 3 - 0 . Jesus Flores cut the lead to 3 - 1 with a one - out home run in the second , his eighth	False
Sherrill walked Chone Figgins with two outs in the ninth inning to force in the winning run , and the Los Angeles Angels regrouped to beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 5 after Rodriguez blew a four - run lead . Kevin Millar led off the Orioles ' ninth	True
His second time up , Teixeira hit a line drive so hard off the 18-foot wall in right-center that he had to settle for a single . Two pitches later , Vladimir Guerrero hit his 19th homer , giving the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . Sarfate hit Mathis with a pitch for the second consecutive time to open the fourth	True
Cain beat the Braves for the first time in three career tries , Randy Winn doubled in a run and had three hits and the San Francisco Giants won 4 - 2 against Atlanta on Monday night . Ivan Ochoa and Aaron Rowand each hit RBI singles for San Francisco , which won for the third time in four games and earned just its 21st home victory of 2008 . Ochoa 's RBI was the first	False
Ivan Ochoa and Aaron Rowand each hit RBI singles for San Francisco , which won for the third time in four games and earned just its 21st home victory of 2008 . Ochoa 's RBI was the first of his major league career . Cain did n't allow a baserunner past second	False
Ivan Ochoa and Aaron Rowand each hit RBI singles for San Francisco , which won for the third time in four games and earned just its 21st home victory of 2008 . Ochoa 's RBI was the first of his major league career . Cain did n't allow a baserunner past second until Casey Kotchman 's two - out triple in the sixth	True
Cain ( 7 - 9 ) -- who is putting more energy into his conditioning between starts and reaping the benefits late in games -- allowed one run on five hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked five on a chilly and foggy summer night in the Bay Area , with a first-pitch temperature of 61 degrees . He received more than a one - run cushion for the first time since July 6 . Jack Taschner relieved with the bases loaded and recorded the final out of the seventh	True
Cain ( 7 - 9 ) -- who is putting more energy into his conditioning between starts and reaping the benefits late in games -- allowed one run on five hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked five on a chilly and foggy summer night in the Bay Area , with a first-pitch temperature of 61 degrees . He received more than a one - run cushion for the first time since July 6 . Jack Taschner relieved with the bases loaded and recorded the final out of the seventh , getting Brian McCann to pop up . Tyler Walker recorded two outs in the eighth	True
Cain ( 7 - 9 ) -- who is putting more energy into his conditioning between starts and reaping the benefits late in games -- allowed one run on five hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked five on a chilly and foggy summer night in the Bay Area , with a first-pitch temperature of 61 degrees . He received more than a one - run cushion for the first time since July 6 . Jack Taschner relieved with the bases loaded and recorded the final out of the seventh , getting Brian McCann to pop up . Tyler Walker recorded two outs in the eighth and Brian Wilson pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
McCann returned to the lineup after missing a week with a mild concussion . The Braves , who have dropped three straight series , lost for the eighth time in 10 games . Kelly Johnson singled in Atlanta 's other run in the eighth	True
For a change , Braves manager Bobby Cox was thrilled not to be asked how he would pitch to Barry Bonds . The home run king , out of a job this year , is coming up on the 1-year anniversary Thursday of the day he broke Hank Aaron 's home run record . Cain singled in the fourth	True
Pierzynski also did n't understand why the umpire thought Carrasco was trying to hit Olivo . Greinke ( 9 - 7 ) held the White Sox to three hits and no runs the first six innings , then allowed two runs in the seventh	True
Greinke , who lost July 18 at Chicago when he allowed seven runs on 11 hits in three innings , struck out six without a walk , laboring through 6 1/3 innings in 98-degree weather . Olivo contributed a two - run double in the second	True
Greinke , who lost July 18 at Chicago when he allowed seven runs on 11 hits in three innings , struck out six without a walk , laboring through 6 1/3 innings in 98-degree weather . Olivo contributed a two - run double in the second and had three RBIs . Billy Butler had three hits and drove in two runs . Jose Guillen had two hits , including his team-leading 16th home run and second	False
Clayton Richard ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his third big league start , gave up nine runs , six earned , on 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings , his ERA ballooning to 10.38 . Dewayne Wise 's triple in the seventh scored Brian Anderson with the first White Six run . A. J. Pierzynski added a home run in the eighth	True
The 14 hits tied a career-high for the left-hander , who 'd been 6 - 3 with a 2.14 ERA in his 10 previous starts and 17 - 7 lifetime against Kansas City . A game-time temperature of 95 degrees and a heat index of 111 caused Ken Griffey Jr. to be lifted in the sixth	True
A game-time temperature of 95 degrees and a heat index of 111 caused Ken Griffey Jr. to be lifted in the sixth for what the White Sox described as heat-related cramping in his right leg . He was 0 - for - 2 in his second game with Chicago , but Ozzie Guillen said he would play on Sunday . Jim Thome and Paul Konerko had back-to-back home runs in the second	True
A game-time temperature of 95 degrees and a heat index of 111 caused Ken Griffey Jr. to be lifted in the sixth for what the White Sox described as heat-related cramping in his right leg . He was 0 - for - 2 in his second game with Chicago , but Ozzie Guillen said he would play on Sunday . Jim Thome and Paul Konerko had back-to-back home runs in the second , staking Buehrle to a 3 - 0 lead over Kyle Davies ( 5 - 2 ) . With the Royals leading 8 - 3 in the eighth	True
Reliever Ramon Ramirez then walked Konerko and gave up an RBI double that made it 8 - 6 . All-Star closer Joakim Soria came in and pinch hitter A. J. Pierzynski made it 8 - 7 with a sacrifice fly before Juan Uribe struck out with the tying run at third	False
Reliever Ramon Ramirez then walked Konerko and gave up an RBI double that made it 8 - 6 . All-Star closer Joakim Soria came in and pinch hitter A. J. Pierzynski made it 8 - 7 with a sacrifice fly before Juan Uribe struck out with the tying run at third . Soria worked the ninth	True
It was more or less a typical game for the White Sox , who started the day clinging to a half-game lead over Minnesota in the AL Central . They lead the AL with 76 home runs but have an ERA of 6.12 over their last 18 games . Butler 's two - run shot in the third put Kansas City on top 4 - 3 , and Jose Guillen added a solo homer in the fourth	True
Butler 's two - run shot in the third put Kansas City on top 4 - 3 , and Jose Guillen added a solo homer in the fourth . German , subbing for injured second baseman Mark Grudzielanek , boosted the Royals to an 8 - 3 lead with a two - run triple off Ehren Wasserman in the fifth	True
He was charged with three runs on five hits . After Buehrle hit Mark Teahen leading off the third	True
He was charged with three runs on five hits . After Buehrle hit Mark Teahen leading off the third , Butler slammed a 2 - 1 pitch over the fence in left . German 's RBI single scored Aviles with the Royals ' fifth run in the fourth	True
After Buehrle hit Mark Teahen leading off the third , Butler slammed a 2 - 1 pitch over the fence in left . German 's RBI single scored Aviles with the Royals ' fifth run in the fourth , but he was caught stealing just before Jose Guillen hit his 15th home run for a 6 - 3 lead . Carlos Quentin 's infield grounder brought home Orlando Cabrera , who had opened the game with a double , for Chicago 's first run . Then on successive 1 - 0 pitches in the second	True
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Nick Blackburn showed why the Minnesota Twins think their young guns are ready for the heat of a pennant race . Blackburn allowed one run in seven innings and Joe Mauer hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was a huge show of faith in a rotation that does n't have a player older than 26 -- and Blackburn 's outing was a good example of why the Twins decided to go with their youngsters . The rookie right-hander showed the poise of a veteran in the seventh	True
This time around , Harris hit one to left field and later scored on a bloop single by Carlos Gomez for a 1 - 0 lead . Kelly Shoppach led off the seventh	True
The Twins rotation now consists of 26-year-olds Blackburn and Scott Baker , 25-year-old Glen Perkins , 24-year-old Liriano and 23-year-old Kevin Slowey . The Twins put three on the board in the seventh	True
The Twins put three on the board in the seventh , and Sowers was again left wondering what went wrong . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
Les Walrond ( 1 - 1 ) earned his first major league victory , striking out four in two shutout innings . Taguchi and Eric Bruntlett drove in runs for the Phillies in the fourth	True
A sellout crowd of 44,945 packed Citizens Bank Park , a day after the Phillies earned consecutive postseason appearances for the first time since 1980 - 81 . That brought their final attendance totals to 50 sellouts and a record 3,455,583 fans . Howard received a standing ovation and heard chants of `` MVP ! MVP ! '' when he pinch-hit in the sixth	True
St. Louis finished the regular season 86 - 76 , its best mark since 2005 and better than 2006 , when the Cardinals won the World Series . Lopez had three of the Cardinals ' 13 hits , including two doubles , in the first three innings and finished 4 - for - 5 with the three RBIs . Ryan Ludwick had his 37th home run of the season to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead after one and Troy Glaus added his 27th homer in a six - run third	True
`` I'm excited that they 're having a serious conversation and that he 's had a physical . '' Albert Pujols was pulled for a pinch runner after doubling in a run during the third	True
It was Pujols ' best mark since 2003 when he lead the league with a .359 average . Gary Majewski came on in relief of Pettyjohn with runners on first	False
It was Pujols ' best mark since 2003 when he lead the league with a .359 average . Gary Majewski came on in relief of Pettyjohn with runners on first and second	False
It was Pujols ' best mark since 2003 when he lead the league with a .359 average . Gary Majewski came on in relief of Pettyjohn with runners on first and second in the third	True
Wells went 4 - for - 4 , homered twice and had five RBIs , leading Jesse Litsch and the Toronto Blue Jays over the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 1 . Wells hit a solo homer in the second inning , an RBI single in the third	True
Wells went 4 - for - 4 , homered twice and had five RBIs , leading Jesse Litsch and the Toronto Blue Jays over the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 1 . Wells hit a solo homer in the second inning , an RBI single in the third , a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells went 4 - for - 4 , homered twice and had five RBIs , leading Jesse Litsch and the Toronto Blue Jays over the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 1 . Wells hit a solo homer in the second inning , an RBI single in the third , a three - run shot in the fifth and a single in the seventh	True
Returning to the mound after missing nearly a month with a shoulder injury , Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie ( 10 - 12 ) gave up three runs and six hits in four innings . He opened the season with a loss to Tampa Bay and finished it with a typical defeat -- Baltimore scored a total of 21 runs in his 12 losses . After Wells gave Toronto a 2 - 0 lead , Overbay led off the fourth	True
After Wells gave Toronto a 2 - 0 lead , Overbay led off the fourth with his 15th home run . After Alfredo Simon entered in the fifth	True
After Alfredo Simon entered in the fifth for the Orioles , Toronto needed only four at-bats to double its lead . A walk and a throwing error by Mora at third base preceded Wells ' drive into the left-field seats . Toronto made it 7 - 0 in the sixth	True
The Angels also matched the franchise record for wins in a season , set by the 2002 team that won the World Series , and extended the franchise record for road wins to 50 . Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) , who allowed a tying two - run homer to Yuniesky Betancourt in the seventh	True
Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) , who allowed a tying two - run homer to Yuniesky Betancourt in the seventh , was the winner . Scot Shields got three outs to earn his fourth save . Mark Teixeira hit a one - out single off J. J. Putz ( 6 - 5 ) in the ninth	False
Guerrero , who was 7 - for - 15 in the series with five RBIs , has a career .363 average against Seattle with 26 homers and 77 RBIs . Seattle 's Ichiro Suzuki singled to left in the first	True
Betancourt then walked and Raul Ibanez singled in Suzuki . With two outs , Wladimir Balentien doubled down the left-field line to make it 2 - 0 . Down 2 - 1 entering the sixth	True
Down 2 - 1 entering the sixth , Guerrero led off with a homer off Randy Messenger . The ball appeared to bounce off the glove of right fielder Balentien , into the stands and then back onto the field . Mariners manager Jim Riggleman came out to protest but was satisfied by umpire Chuck Meriwether 's explanation without going to a replay for the second straight night . Hunter then singled to left , stole second	False
Down 2 - 1 entering the sixth , Guerrero led off with a homer off Randy Messenger . The ball appeared to bounce off the glove of right fielder Balentien , into the stands and then back onto the field . Mariners manager Jim Riggleman came out to protest but was satisfied by umpire Chuck Meriwether 's explanation without going to a replay for the second straight night . Hunter then singled to left , stole second and advanced to third	False
Hunter then singled to left , stole second and advanced to third on Howie Kendrick 's flyout . With the infield in , Gary Matthews Jr. hit a hard grounder to second baseman Luis Valbuena , who quickly threw home . But Hunter eluded Kenji Johjima 's sweep tag for a 3 - 2 lead . Hunter also singled in a run in the seventh	True
Beltran singled home the winning run with two outs in the ninth inning and New York beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 6 on Thursday night for a huge win that halted its late-season slide . After trailing by three runs in the seventh	True
After trailing by three runs in the seventh , New York fought back to move within one game of NL East-leading Philadelphia with three to play . The Mets also stayed tied atop the wild-card standings with Milwaukee , which beat Pittsburgh 5 - 1 in 10 innings . Rich Harden pitched six solid innings in his final playoff tuneup for the NL Central champions and lightly used rookie Micah Hoffpauir went 5 - for - 5 with five RBIs and his first two major league homers -- including a tiebreaking shot in the seventh	True
The Mets play Florida in the final regular-season games at Shea Stadium this weekend . Philadelphia hosts Washington , while the Cubs visit Milwaukee . Pitching what could be his final game for the Mets , Pedro Martinez struck out a season-high nine and left to a warm ovation with the score tied 3-all in the seventh	True
Pitching what could be his final game for the Mets , Pedro Martinez struck out a season-high nine and left to a warm ovation with the score tied 3-all in the seventh . He pointed to the crowd and raised his fist high . After he was gone , New York tied it in the eighth	False
After he was gone , New York tied it in the eighth on big hits by a pair of unlikely players : spare part Ramon Martinez and third-string catcher Robinson Cancel . Jose Reyes singled off Kevin Hart ( 2 - 2 ) to start the ninth	True
After he was gone , New York tied it in the eighth on big hits by a pair of unlikely players : spare part Ramon Martinez and third-string catcher Robinson Cancel . Jose Reyes singled off Kevin Hart ( 2 - 2 ) to start the ninth and swiped second	False
After he was gone , New York tied it in the eighth on big hits by a pair of unlikely players : spare part Ramon Martinez and third-string catcher Robinson Cancel . Jose Reyes singled off Kevin Hart ( 2 - 2 ) to start the ninth and swiped second for his third steal of the game as David Wright fanned for the second	False
Beltran was mobbed by soaked teammates near first base , a sigh of relief -- for one night , at least -- as New York tries to avoid its second consecutive September collapse . Cancel doubled leading off the seventh	True
Beltran was mobbed by soaked teammates near first base , a sigh of relief -- for one night , at least -- as New York tries to avoid its second consecutive September collapse . Cancel doubled leading off the seventh and scored on Reyes ' grounder . Then , with two outs and none on in the eighth	True
Hill threw his arms up in disbelief and the crowd responded with a thunderous roar . A pulsing Shea Stadium shook under the feet of jumping fans . Joe Smith ( 6 - 3 ) escaped a jam in the top of the ninth	True
Joe Smith ( 6 - 3 ) escaped a jam in the top of the ninth , and the Mets rebounded from a demoralizing , 10-inning loss Wednesday night . Wright hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Barmes scored four times and finished with four RBIs . Jeff Baker hit a solo homer , Chris Iannetta 's two - run double in the first staked the Rockies to an early lead and Matt Holliday added a two - run double to help Livan Hernandez ( 3 - 3 ) defeat his former club . Barmes matched his career high with his 10th home run , which he also did in 2005 . Barmes , batting leadoff , singled in his first at-bat then hit a two - out solo homer in the second	True
John Bowker went 3 - for - 5 with a home run and scored three times for San Francisco , which lost for the seventh time in its last nine games after dropping Tuesday 's series opener 9 - 4 . Nate Schierholtz added three doubles and an RBI as the Giants finished with 15 hits . Bowker started at first base , moved to left field , then came back to first	False
If he sneaks a peek at the standings , here 's what he 'll see : Philadelphia leads New York by 1 1/2 games in the NL East . Its magic number for clinching the division remained at four . The Phillies twice had serious shots at big innings against the oft-injured Hampton ( 3 - 3 ) . They left the bases loaded in the third	True
If he sneaks a peek at the standings , here 's what he 'll see : Philadelphia leads New York by 1 1/2 games in the NL East . Its magic number for clinching the division remained at four . The Phillies twice had serious shots at big innings against the oft-injured Hampton ( 3 - 3 ) . They left the bases loaded in the third and ran themselves out of a rally in the sixth	True
Hampton pitched out of a pair of jams and allowed only two runs in six innings to win for the first time since Aug. 16 , against San Francisco . Kelly Johnson extended his career-best hitting streak to 21 games . Mike Gonzalez worked the ninth	True
Those `` Fightin ' Phils '' rally towels were stashed away most of the game and all that brief , enthusiastic waving abruptly turned into familiar booing after each stalled scoring threat . The Phillies heard plenty of them at the end of the sixth	True
The Phillies heard plenty of them at the end of the sixth . Philadelphia trailed 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
The fans went wild and whipped around their towels , hopeful their enthusiasm would help spur the Phillies to take the lead . Instead , Burrell was caught between second	True
The fans went wild and whipped around their towels , hopeful their enthusiasm would help spur the Phillies to take the lead . Instead , Burrell was caught between second and third	False
The fans went wild and whipped around their towels , hopeful their enthusiasm would help spur the Phillies to take the lead . Instead , Burrell was caught between second and third on a grounder to short and tagged out . Shane Victorino , who reached on the fielders ' choice , was caught stealing second	False
Hamels ' blunder in the third cost him an unearned run . Johnson led off the third	True
Hamels ' blunder in the third cost him an unearned run . Johnson led off the third with a single that smacked off the `` Phillies '' on Howard 's jersey and got away from the first baseman . He moved to second	False
Hamels ' blunder in the third cost him an unearned run . Johnson led off the third with a single that smacked off the `` Phillies '' on Howard 's jersey and got away from the first baseman . He moved to second on a single . Johnson tried to steal third	False
Johnson led off the third with a single that smacked off the `` Phillies '' on Howard 's jersey and got away from the first baseman . He moved to second on a single . Johnson tried to steal third and Hamels would have easily nailed him , but the pitcher 's wild throw went into foul territory for an error and Atlanta went up 2 - 1 . While Hamels stumbled defensively , Hampton had some nifty help in the third	True
Hamels -- who struck out seven in seven innings -- settled down and retired 10 straight to keep the Phillies in the game . But Kotchman 's second homer with the Braves ( he hit 12 for Los Angeles ) in the sixth inning made it 3 - 1 . The Braves led 1 - 0 on Johnson 's RBI single to center in the first	True
The Braves led 1 - 0 on Johnson 's RBI single to center in the first . The Phillies made it 1 - 1 in the second	True
BOSTON -- For one night , at least , Jensen Lewis did n't have to watch the Red Sox celebrate again . Lewis struck out Jed Lowrie with runners on second	False
BOSTON -- For one night , at least , Jensen Lewis did n't have to watch the Red Sox celebrate again . Lewis struck out Jed Lowrie with runners on second and third	False
The Red Sox , with six games left , fell 2 games behind AL East leader Tampa Bay , which beat Baltimore 4 - 2 . Boston reached the playoffs as a wild-card team three times in four years before winning the AL East last season . The Red Sox needed a win to eliminate the New York Yankees and lock up a postseason berth in pursuit of their second straight World Series title and third	False
Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits . Josh Beckett ( 12 - 10 ) hit a career-high three batters , threw a wild pitch , walked one and said he was n't worried about clinching a playoff spot . The Red Sox wasted chances in three of the last four innings , losing a run when a ball hit an umpire , missing a three - run homer when Kevin Youkilis ' drive hit the left-field wall a few feet from the top and stranding two runners in the ninth	True
The Red Sox wasted chances in three of the last four innings , losing a run when a ball hit an umpire , missing a three - run homer when Kevin Youkilis ' drive hit the left-field wall a few feet from the top and stranding two runners in the ninth when Lewis earned his 12th save in 13 chances . With Cleveland ahead 4 - 2 , Boston had runners at first	False
The Red Sox wasted chances in three of the last four innings , losing a run when a ball hit an umpire , missing a three - run homer when Kevin Youkilis ' drive hit the left-field wall a few feet from the top and stranding two runners in the ninth when Lewis earned his 12th save in 13 chances . With Cleveland ahead 4 - 2 , Boston had runners at first and second	False
The Red Sox wasted chances in three of the last four innings , losing a run when a ball hit an umpire , missing a three - run homer when Kevin Youkilis ' drive hit the left-field wall a few feet from the top and stranding two runners in the ninth when Lewis earned his 12th save in 13 chances . With Cleveland ahead 4 - 2 , Boston had runners at first and second with two outs in the sixth	True
With Cleveland ahead 4 - 2 , Boston had runners at first and second with two outs in the sixth . Jeff Bailey then lined the ball inside third base . Umpire Gerry Davis signaled it was fair , but the ball hit him and stopped just beyond the infield dirt . Third baseman Jamey Carroll picked it up , and Bay , who had rounded third	False
Jeff Bailey then lined the ball inside third base . Umpire Gerry Davis signaled it was fair , but the ball hit him and stopped just beyond the infield dirt . Third baseman Jamey Carroll picked it up , and Bay , who had rounded third , was caught in a rundown and tagged out . Jason Varitek was racing for third	False
Jason Varitek was racing for third while Bay tried to retreat there after the ball hit Davis . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , Youkilis ' near homer went for an RBI double that made it 4 - 3 . Then Bay was walked intentionally , loading the bases with one out . But Rafael Betancourt struck out Lowrie and retired Mark Kotsay on a flyball . Boston had another excellent chance in the ninth	True
In the seventh , Youkilis ' near homer went for an RBI double that made it 4 - 3 . Then Bay was walked intentionally , loading the bases with one out . But Rafael Betancourt struck out Lowrie and retired Mark Kotsay on a flyball . Boston had another excellent chance in the ninth when Youkilis singled with two outs and took third	False
Boston had another excellent chance in the ninth when Youkilis singled with two outs and took third on Bay 's double . But Lowrie struck out on three pitches , leaving five runners on in his last two at-bats . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second after Beckett retired the first two batters . Ben Francisco doubled , Ryan Garko and Kelly Shoppach were hit by pitches , and Asdrubal Cabrera walked to force in a run . Youkilis doubled in Jacoby Ellsbury in the third	False
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second after Beckett retired the first two batters . Ben Francisco doubled , Ryan Garko and Kelly Shoppach were hit by pitches , and Asdrubal Cabrera walked to force in a run . Youkilis doubled in Jacoby Ellsbury in the third but Cleveland added three runs in the fifth	False
Youkilis doubled in Jacoby Ellsbury in the third but Cleveland added three runs in the fifth . Cabrera led off the inning with a single , took second	False
Youkilis doubled in Jacoby Ellsbury in the third but Cleveland added three runs in the fifth . Cabrera led off the inning with a single , took second on a groundout and scored on Carroll 's single . Carroll took second	False
Youkilis doubled in Jacoby Ellsbury in the third but Cleveland added three runs in the fifth . Cabrera led off the inning with a single , took second on a groundout and scored on Carroll 's single . Carroll took second on a wild pitch and scored on Shin-Soo Choo 's hit . Jhonny Peralta 's ground-rule double put runners at second	False
Youkilis doubled in Jacoby Ellsbury in the third but Cleveland added three runs in the fifth . Cabrera led off the inning with a single , took second on a groundout and scored on Carroll 's single . Carroll took second on a wild pitch and scored on Shin-Soo Choo 's hit . Jhonny Peralta 's ground-rule double put runners at second and third	False
Cabrera led off the inning with a single , took second on a groundout and scored on Carroll 's single . Carroll took second on a wild pitch and scored on Shin-Soo Choo 's hit . Jhonny Peralta 's ground-rule double put runners at second and third and Travis Hafner 's groundout made it 4 - 1 . Boston 's David Ortiz hit a solo drive in the fifth	True
The Phillies ' eighth win in the past nine games left them with a half-game lead over the Mets , who lost to Atlanta 4 - 2 . Philadelphia ended the Marlins ' nine - game winning streak and dealt a blow to their faint playoff hopes . Joe Blanton ( 3 - 0 ) struck out nine in five innings and left with a 3 - 2 lead . Ryan Madson escaped a two - on , no-out jam in the eighth	True
The Phillies ' eighth win in the past nine games left them with a half-game lead over the Mets , who lost to Atlanta 4 - 2 . Philadelphia ended the Marlins ' nine - game winning streak and dealt a blow to their faint playoff hopes . Joe Blanton ( 3 - 0 ) struck out nine in five innings and left with a 3 - 2 lead . Ryan Madson escaped a two - on , no-out jam in the eighth , and Brad Lidge stranded a runner at second	False
The Phillies ' eighth win in the past nine games left them with a half-game lead over the Mets , who lost to Atlanta 4 - 2 . Philadelphia ended the Marlins ' nine - game winning streak and dealt a blow to their faint playoff hopes . Joe Blanton ( 3 - 0 ) struck out nine in five innings and left with a 3 - 2 lead . Ryan Madson escaped a two - on , no-out jam in the eighth , and Brad Lidge stranded a runner at second in the ninth	True
Florida went 1 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and struck out 16 times . Shane Victorino hit his second homer of the series and 14th	False
Florida went 1 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and struck out 16 times . Shane Victorino hit his second homer of the series and 14th of the season for a 2-all tie in the fourth	True
Florida went 1 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and struck out 16 times . Shane Victorino hit his second homer of the series and 14th of the season for a 2-all tie in the fourth , and the Phils took the lead for good in the sixth	True
Said Ross : `` There 's no reason to hang our heads . We still have a chance . '' Anibal Sanchez ( 2 - 5 ) departed after 5 2/3 innings because of a cramp in his right hamstring . With the score 2-all , Sanchez walked consecutive batters in the sixth	True
Marlins rookie Cameron Maybin singled and scored but also struck out four times , dropping his average from .818 to .625 . Maybin was in the middle of a two - run rally in the third	True
Maybin was in the middle of a two - run rally in the third that put Florida ahead 2 - 1 . He singled after a base hit by Alfredo Amezaga , and both came home on John Baker 's double . From there , Blanton and four relievers shut out Florida over the final 6 2/3 innings . J. C. Romero struck out Maybin and Baker to strand two runners in the seventh	True
Maybin was in the middle of a two - run rally in the third that put Florida ahead 2 - 1 . He singled after a base hit by Alfredo Amezaga , and both came home on John Baker 's double . From there , Blanton and four relievers shut out Florida over the final 6 2/3 innings . J. C. Romero struck out Maybin and Baker to strand two runners in the seventh , and Madson escaped even more serious trouble after Jorge Cantu singled and Mike Jacobs doubled to start the eighth	True
Third baseman Dobbs fielded a grounder and threw home to get Cantu . Following a groundout , a 2 - 2 pitch appeared to hit Ross on the hand , but umpire C. B. Bucknor ruled the play a foul ball , saying the pitch hit the knob of the bat handle . The Marlins argued briefly , and after three more foul balls , Ross struck out to end the inning . Amezaga walked to start the ninth	True
Third baseman Dobbs fielded a grounder and threw home to get Cantu . Following a groundout , a 2 - 2 pitch appeared to hit Ross on the hand , but umpire C. B. Bucknor ruled the play a foul ball , saying the pitch hit the knob of the bat handle . The Marlins argued briefly , and after three more foul balls , Ross struck out to end the inning . Amezaga walked to start the ninth and stole second	False
Valbuena thought the play was clear . Barton normally plays first base for the A 's but was pressed into duty at third	False
Valbuena thought the play was clear . Barton normally plays first base for the A 's but was pressed into duty at third when Jack Hannahan strained an oblique muscle after falling on the Oakland bullpen mound while catching a foul pop-up earlier in the seventh	True
Barton normally plays first base for the A 's but was pressed into duty at third when Jack Hannahan strained an oblique muscle after falling on the Oakland bullpen mound while catching a foul pop-up earlier in the seventh . Barton 's two - out single in the eighth inning drove in Carlos Gonzalez with the go-ahead run , then he made the game-saving play in the ninth	True
Barton 's two - out single in the eighth inning drove in Carlos Gonzalez with the go-ahead run , then he made the game-saving play in the ninth . Huston Street ( 6 - 5 ) pitched two innings for the win , getting a double play to escape a two - on , one - out jam in the eighth	True
Barton 's two - out single in the eighth inning drove in Carlos Gonzalez with the go-ahead run , then he made the game-saving play in the ninth . Huston Street ( 6 - 5 ) pitched two innings for the win , getting a double play to escape a two - on , one - out jam in the eighth . Brad Ziegler worked the ninth	True
Huston Street ( 6 - 5 ) pitched two innings for the win , getting a double play to escape a two - on , one - out jam in the eighth . Brad Ziegler worked the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances , retiring Yuniesky Betancourt on a game-ending double play to send the Mariners to their 10th straight loss . Gonzalez led off the eighth	True
Huston Street ( 6 - 5 ) pitched two innings for the win , getting a double play to escape a two - on , one - out jam in the eighth . Brad Ziegler worked the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances , retiring Yuniesky Betancourt on a game-ending double play to send the Mariners to their 10th straight loss . Gonzalez led off the eighth with a single and advanced on Rob Bowen 's sacrifice . He went to third	False
Jeff Baisley went 2 - for - 2 with four RBIs and Bowen also drove in two runs for Oakland , which has won six of seven and 10 of 14 . Carlos Silva left after giving up a two - run single to Baisley in the fourth	True
Carlos Silva left after giving up a two - run single to Baisley in the fourth . The right-hander gave up four runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings , throwing 59 pitches in his shortest outing since coming off the disabled list Sept. 1 . Silva also committed his first error since 2004 when he bobbled Bobby Crosby 's sacrifice attempt in the fourth	True
LaHair 's second-inning drive off Kirk Saarloos ended Seattle 's scoreless streak at 27 innings , whi tied the second-longest stretch in franchise history . Prior to LaHair 's homer , the Mariners had n't scored since the first inning of Wednesday 's 5 - 2 loss to Kansas City . The A 's tied it with three runs in the sixth	True
Pitcher Micah Owings had a pinch-hit single off Sabathia with the bases loaded in the sixth inning -- another blow-to-the-gut moment in Milwaukee 's maddening month -- and the Cincinnati Reds held on for a 4 - 3 victory Saturday that deepened the Brewers ' angst . Milwaukee 's Mike Cameron was batting in the top of the seventh	True
They can barely win one these days . The latest loss fit the profile of their month . A fielding error enabled Cincinnati 's comeback , a pitcher drove in the go-ahead run , and Brewers reliever Eric Gagne tripped and fell on the mound while throwing a pitch as the game wound down . In one final tease , the Brewers left the bases loaded in the ninth	True
What else could go wrong ? Sabathia ( 9 - 2 ) took the mound a day ahead of schedule , only the second time in his career that he 's gone on short rest , to try to stop the slide . He took a 2 - 1 lead into the sixth	True
What else could go wrong ? Sabathia ( 9 - 2 ) took the mound a day ahead of schedule , only the second time in his career that he 's gone on short rest , to try to stop the slide . He took a 2 - 1 lead into the sixth , when first baseman Prince Fielder bobbled Corey Patterson 's sacrifice bunt for an error that loaded the bases with none out . The ball stuck in Fielder 's mitt as he tried to throw to first	False
Struggling rookie Adam Rosales followed with a pinch-hit single for another run , ending Sabathia 's outing . The Brewers got Sabathia from Cleveland to help them keep up with the Cubs . His only losses for the Brewers came in his last two starts , contributing to their collapse . Rookie Johnny Cueto ( 9 - 13 ) got his first victory in three starts since returning from a sore elbow . Francisco Cordero gave up a solo homer to Rickie Weeks in the ninth	True
Kendry Morales , Mike Napoli and Brandon Wood hit solo home runs in order during a span of four pitches from Keith Foulke in the seventh inning and the AL West champion Los Angeles Angels withstood a late rally by the Oakland Athletics for a 6 - 4 victory Thursday to avoid a three - game sweep . Torii Hunter returned to the Angels lineup after injuring his cheekbone a day earlier , then stole home and hit a pair of singles . Hunter was hit in the right cheekbone by a ball while working in the indoor batting cage before Wednesday night 's game . His second hit Thursday chased A 's starter Josh Outman ( 1 - 1 ) in the fifth	True
The A 's had their four - game winning streak snapped and were trying to match their season-best stretch of five straight victories , which they accomplished from April 8 - 12 and again from May 21 - 27 . Oakland has n't swept a series since taking all three at San Francisco from June 13 - 15 -- a span of 25 series . Oakland loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth	True
After Jose Arredondo struck out pinch-hitter Travis Buck , Rodriguez entered and recorded the final two outs for his 59th save in 66 chances after blowing an opportunity Wednesday . Pinch-hitter Jack Cust drew a bases-loaded walk from Rodriguez , Oakland scored another run on Aaron Cunningham 's groundout and Kurt Suzuki singled in a run . The A 's had loaded the bases against Saunders with no outs in the fourth	True
Oakland manager Bob Geren was pleased to see his team fight back after the three - homer inning . Oakland 's Jeff Baisley singled in the third	True
Oakland manager Bob Geren was pleased to see his team fight back after the three - homer inning . Oakland 's Jeff Baisley singled in the third for his first major league hit after starting 0 - for - 12 . He singled again in the seventh	True
Justin Upton and David Eckstein went deep for Arizona , which has 11 games left . The Diamondbacks led 7 - 3 after eight innings but nearly blew it in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks led 7 - 3 after eight innings but nearly blew it in the ninth . Doug Slaten walked Scott McClain and Eugenio Velez to start the inning and Tony Pena surrendered a two - run triple to Omar Vizquel . Rich Aurilia 's run-scoring groundout cut it to 7 - 6 but Pena retired Dave Roberts and Randy Winn on consecutive grounders to second	False
Webb ( 21 - 7 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits . But his bat was more effective than his sinker early on . Arizona scored five runs in the second inning to erase a 3 - 1 deficit . Chris Snyder started the rally with a one - out walk and advanced to second	False
Webb scored on Stephen Drew 's single and Upton added his 14th homer , a towering shot onto the concourse above the center-field fence . Webb avoided serious trouble from there , allowing only one more runner to reach second	False
Sanchez allowed six runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He walked three , struck out four and was disappointed he could n't help teammate Tim Lincecum in the race for the NL Cy Young Award . Pablo Sandoval went 2 - for - 4 and drove in a run for San Francisco . Bengie Molina had an RBI single in the first	True
The Twins rallied from an early seven - run deficit , but left 13 runners on base as they lost their third straight and fell 2 1/2 games behind the Chicago White Sox in the AL Central with 11 games remaining . Franklin Gutierrez opened the 11th	True
The Twins rallied from an early seven - run deficit , but left 13 runners on base as they lost their third straight and fell 2 1/2 games behind the Chicago White Sox in the AL Central with 11 games remaining . Franklin Gutierrez opened the 11th with a line single off Joe Nathan ( 0 - 2 ) and went to second	False
Martinez 's season has been tough . The two - time All-Star averaged 21 homers and 99 RBIs over the previous four seasons , but missed two months this year after having elbow surgery in June and went 202 at-bats before hitting his first homer on Sept. 2 . Tom Mastny ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one hit in the 11th	True
Martinez did n't particularly relish facing Nathan , either . He came to the plate 1 - for - 10 in his career against the right-hander , who never allowed a homer to end a game in his first 427 career appearances . The Twins scored twice in the top of the eighth	True
Ryan Garko homered and drove in four runs to help Cleveland to an 8 - 1 lead . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Cuddyer 's RBI single by off Zach Jackson . Garko hit a three - run homer and Asdrubal Cabrera added a solo shot in the second	True
Garko hit a three - run homer and Asdrubal Cabrera added a solo shot in the second off Twins starter Francisco Liriano to put Cleveland ahead 4 - 1 . Cleveland added four runs in the third	True
Liriano went 12 - 3 in 2006 before missing all of 2007 after elbow surgery . The Twins got five hits and four runs in the fifth	True
Jackson gave up nine hits and seven runs over 5 1/3 innings in his seventh start since being acquired as part of the trade that sent CC Sabathia to Milwaukee in July . Trailing 8 - 7 in the seventh	True
Michael Bourn doubled to open the eighth inning and advanced on Brad Ausmus ' fly to right . He scored on pinch-hitter Kazuo Matsui 's groundout to make it 5 - 1 . Ramirez , who scored two runs for Florida , doubled in the seventh inning and Amezaga hit his second triple in two games in the eighth	True
Jose Guillen drove in three runs while David DeJesus and Alberto Callaspo had two RBIs apiece as Kansas City hit .366 ( 59 - for - 161 ) in the four - game series , winning the final three . DeJesus put Kansas City ahead 5 - 3 with a two - out , two - run single off Edward Mujica ( 2 - 2 ) in the fourth	True
Grady Sizemore doubled off Bannister to lead off Cleveland 's first inning . Jhonny Peralta and Ryan Garko had RBI singles around a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez for a 3 - 0 lead . The Royals tied it at 3 in the third	True
Grady Sizemore doubled off Bannister to lead off Cleveland 's first inning . Jhonny Peralta and Ryan Garko had RBI singles around a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez for a 3 - 0 lead . The Royals tied it at 3 in the third off Indians starter Jeremy Sowers . Shealy hit a solo homer in the second	True
Grady Sizemore doubled off Bannister to lead off Cleveland 's first inning . Jhonny Peralta and Ryan Garko had RBI singles around a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez for a 3 - 0 lead . The Royals tied it at 3 in the third off Indians starter Jeremy Sowers . Shealy hit a solo homer in the second . In the third	True
The Royals tied it at 3 in the third off Indians starter Jeremy Sowers . Shealy hit a solo homer in the second . In the third , Callaspo had an RBI double and scored on Shealy 's two - out bloop single to right . Sowers retired the side on eight pitches in the first	True
PITTSBURGH -- The St. Louis Cardinals did n't show much emotion playing the last-place Pittsburgh Pirates until it was too late to save the game . Maybe their season , too . Adam LaRoche drove in three runs with a pair of hits and the Pirates scored three times in both the first	True
The 2006 World Series champions have lost five in a row and 11 of 15 . The Cardinals trail three teams for the wild card with only 13 games to play -- St. Louis is 4 games behind Milwaukee and Philadelphia for the fourth playoff spot , but would have been down by only 1 games if it had swept the series . The Cardinals appeared flat until both benches and the bullpens emptied briefly in the eighth	True
The 2006 World Series champions have lost five in a row and 11 of 15 . The Cardinals trail three teams for the wild card with only 13 games to play -- St. Louis is 4 games behind Milwaukee and Philadelphia for the fourth playoff spot , but would have been down by only 1 games if it had swept the series . The Cardinals appeared flat until both benches and the bullpens emptied briefly in the eighth . Pitcher Ron Villone was restrained by catcher Jason LaRue after Doug Mientkiewicz was doubled off second	False
The Pirates were coming off a four - game sweep by Houston and had lost six in a row and 17 of 20 going into the series . T. J. Beam ( 2 - 1 ) , the second	False
Cardinals catcher Yadier Molina made his first start since bruising a thigh Wednesday against the Cubs , only to leave in the fourth inning with left quadriceps tightness . Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and six runs in 3 2 - 3 innings in his fifth start , falling behind 6 - 0 after two innings as each of the first five Pittsburgh batters reached base . McLouth , LaRoche and Brandon Moss had RBI singles in the first	True
Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and six runs in 3 2 - 3 innings in his fifth start , falling behind 6 - 0 after two innings as each of the first five Pittsburgh batters reached base . McLouth , LaRoche and Brandon Moss had RBI singles in the first . LaRoche has 14 RBIs in his last nine starts . In the second	True
Brad Thompson ( 5 - 3 ) gave up nine hits and six runs in 3 2 - 3 innings in his fifth start , falling behind 6 - 0 after two innings as each of the first five Pittsburgh batters reached base . McLouth , LaRoche and Brandon Moss had RBI singles in the first . LaRoche has 14 RBIs in his last nine starts . In the second , McLouth walked ahead of LaRoche 's two - run double . McLouth homered in the fourth	True
Johnson ( 5 - 1 ) struck out a career-high nine batters , allowing two runs and six hits over six innings in his first appearance against the Nationals since August 2006 . Johnson , who returned July 10 for his first start since undergoing elbow ligament replacement surgery last year , has allowed three runs or fewer in 11 of his past 12 starts . Matt Lindstrom pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Robinson Tejada ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits over five innings in his first start after 23 relief appearances for the Royals , who claimed him on waivers from Texas on June 24 . It was the right-hander 's 47th career start -- first since July 22 , 2007 , for the Rangers against Cleveland . Joakim Soria , the Royals ' fifth pitcher , came on with two runners on and two outs in the ninth	True
Joakim Soria , the Royals ' fifth pitcher , came on with two runners on and two outs in the ninth , walked pinch-hitter Shin-soo Choo , then got Travis Hafner to ground out for his 37th save in 40 chances . Teahen connected for a solo homer and two - run shot , his 14th	False
Greinke lost twice to Cleveland 's 22-game winner in the past month . Fausto Carmona ( 8 - 7 ) gave up seven runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings -- then flung his hat and glove into the stands after being lifted by Wedge in the midst of the Royals ' four - run seventh	True
Carmona 's first loss in five career decisions against the Royals followed a 14 - 3 loss in Baltimore on Monday in which he gave up seven runs in 5 1/3 innings . Ross Gload and Alberto Callaspo each had two hits and two RBIs while Mitch Maier singled in his first	False
If ever the drought was to end , it figured to be on Tuesday night against the Twins . He entered the night 3 - 0 with a 2.00 ERA in five career starts against Minnesota , but Span and the Twins finally figured him out . Span was 3 - for - 3 with a double , an RBI and two runs scored against Bannister , and Morneau finished him off with a two - run homer that just got over the baggie in right field to give the Twins 7 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Hafner went 2 - for - 4 with a walk in his first game since May 25 , when he was placed on the DL with a strained right shoulder . A career .290 hitter , Hafner was batting .217 at the time of the injury . Batting fifth	False
In his previous outing , the right-hander allowed nine runs in 3 1/3 innings against Boston . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - out RBI single for the Indians in the first inning , and Cleveland made it 2 - 0 with an unearned run in the third	True
In his previous outing , the right-hander allowed nine runs in 3 1/3 innings against Boston . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - out RBI single for the Indians in the first inning , and Cleveland made it 2 - 0 with an unearned run in the third . Peralta reached on a throwing error by third baseman Aubrey Huff , took second	False
Jhonny Peralta hit a two - out RBI single for the Indians in the first inning , and Cleveland made it 2 - 0 with an unearned run in the third . Peralta reached on a throwing error by third baseman Aubrey Huff , took second on a single by Hafner and scored on a two - out single by Michael Aubrey . A walk to Asdrubal Cabrera and a triple by David Dellucci produced another run in the fourth	True
A walk to Asdrubal Cabrera and a triple by David Dellucci produced another run in the fourth . Hernandez hit a run-scoring groundout to get Baltimore within 3 - 1 in the bottom half . In the Cleveland fifth	True
In the Cleveland fifth , Kelly Shoppach doubled and Andy Marte ended an 11-pitch at-bat -- and Liz 's night -- with an RBI double . A sacrifice fly by Cabrera made it 5 - 1 in the seventh	True
In the Cleveland fifth , Kelly Shoppach doubled and Andy Marte ended an 11-pitch at-bat -- and Liz 's night -- with an RBI double . A sacrifice fly by Cabrera made it 5 - 1 in the seventh , and Shoppach hit an RBI double in the eighth	False
Curtis Granderson and Magglio Ordonez each hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Detroit Tigers battered Minnesota 's struggling bullpen to rally for a 6 - 4 win Saturday . After relievers took six of the nine losses on their 14-game road trip that ended this week , the Twins watched yet another late lead vanish when manager Ron Gardenhire walked to the mound to replace Baker with one out and one on in the eighth	True
Then Matt Guerrier ( 6 - 7 ) gave up a single to Placido Polanco -- who was 2 - for - 11 coming in against the right-hander -- before Ordonez hit a long drive into the left-field seats on a 2 - 1 pitch that had too much of the plate . Ordonez had just one hit in 11 prior at-bats against Guerrier . Fernando Rodney picked up his ninth save for Detroit during a wild ninth	True
Justin Verlander followed his worst start of the year with more control problems , walking four in 5 2/3 innings for Detroit . He threw 114 pitches , allowing eight hits and four runs . Morneau and Jason Kubel hit consecutive doubles in the third	True
Justin Verlander followed his worst start of the year with more control problems , walking four in 5 2/3 innings for Detroit . He threw 114 pitches , allowing eight hits and four runs . Morneau and Jason Kubel hit consecutive doubles in the third to make it 2 - 0 , and Carlos Gomez smacked a double down the line with the bases loaded to stretch the lead to four . Brian Buscher was thrown out trying to score from first	False
ATLANTA -- After Atlanta 's biggest hit of the game took an unlucky bounce for the Braves , the Nationals went back to their home-run derby . Ryan Langerhans hit a 10th-inning homer , the Nationals ' fifth	False
ATLANTA -- After Atlanta 's biggest hit of the game took an unlucky bounce for the Braves , the Nationals went back to their home-run derby . Ryan Langerhans hit a 10th-inning homer , the Nationals ' fifth of the game , and Washington recovered from blowing a two - run lead in the ninth	True
Ryan Langerhans hit a 10th-inning homer , the Nationals ' fifth of the game , and Washington recovered from blowing a two - run lead in the ninth to beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 5 on Saturday night . The Nationals matched their season high for homers , including two by Elijah Dukes . Langerhans ' go-ahead shot in the 10th	True
Ryan Langerhans hit a 10th-inning homer , the Nationals ' fifth of the game , and Washington recovered from blowing a two - run lead in the ninth to beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 5 on Saturday night . The Nationals matched their season high for homers , including two by Elijah Dukes . Langerhans ' go-ahead shot in the 10th off Mike Gonzalez ( 0 - 2 ) was his second	False
Dukes had four hits , including a run-scoring single in the Nationals ' three - run 10th inning , and drove in three runs . The Braves rallied from a 5 - 3 deficit against Joel Hanrahan in the ninth	True
The Nationals rebounded from the third blown save in 10 chances for Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) . Langerhans , who began his career with Atlanta , homered leading off the 10th	True
Gonzalez said Langerhans hit a curveball , which the left-handed reliever said normally is one of his best pitches against left-handed hitters . The Nationals added two more runs in the 10th	True
With one out , Cristian Guzman tripled past a diving Omar Infante in left field . Ryan Zimmerman drove in Guzman with a double off Gonzalez and scored on Dukes ' single off Jorge Julio . Steven Shell pitched a perfect 10th	True
Washington 's Tim Redding gave up five hits and three runs , two earned , in six innings but was denied his third straight win . Casey Kotchman , who had two hits , led off the ninth	True
Washington 's Tim Redding gave up five hits and three runs , two earned , in six innings but was denied his third straight win . Casey Kotchman , who had two hits , led off the ninth with a single off Hanrahan and moved to third	False
Hanrahan issued an intentional walk to Chipper Jones , again loading the bases . Brian McCann grounded out to end the inning . Dukes had his second career two - homer game in a span of 10 days , hitting line-drive shots into the left-field seats in the second	True
Hanrahan issued an intentional walk to Chipper Jones , again loading the bases . Brian McCann grounded out to end the inning . Dukes had his second career two - homer game in a span of 10 days , hitting line-drive shots into the left-field seats in the second and fourth	True
Hampton gave up eight hits , including a career-high four homers , and five runs -- four earned -- over seven innings . The Braves hit one homer , a fourth-inning shot to right-center by Yunel Escobar , and stayed close with two runs in the second	True
The Braves hit one homer , a fourth-inning shot to right-center by Yunel Escobar , and stayed close with two runs in the second on Brandon Jones ' sacrifice fly and Gregor Blanco 's RBI single . Escobar 's homer cut Washington 's lead to 4 - 3 , but the Nationals added an unearned run off Hampton in the seventh	True
The Braves hit one homer , a fourth-inning shot to right-center by Yunel Escobar , and stayed close with two runs in the second on Brandon Jones ' sacrifice fly and Gregor Blanco 's RBI single . Escobar 's homer cut Washington 's lead to 4 - 3 , but the Nationals added an unearned run off Hampton in the seventh . Emilio Bonifacio reached second	False
He left with a 2 - 1 lead , but Brian Giles tied the game in the eighth inning , hitting reliever Eric Gagne 's second pitch into the right-field seats for his 11th home run , prompting loud boos . In the 11th inning , backup catcher Mike Rivera led off the inning with a single off of reliever Brian Falkenborg ( 2 - 3 ) . Craig Counsell reached on a fielder 's choice and moved to third	False
Throwing a nasty curveball that had Yankees hitters flailing all night , Morrow pitched 7 2/3 hitless innings before pinch-hitter Wilson Betemit doubled with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat fading New York 3 - 1 Friday night . Jason Giambi swung almost a foot over one of Morrow 's curveballs while striking out in the second	True
Throwing a nasty curveball that had Yankees hitters flailing all night , Morrow pitched 7 2/3 hitless innings before pinch-hitter Wilson Betemit doubled with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat fading New York 3 - 1 Friday night . Jason Giambi swung almost a foot over one of Morrow 's curveballs while striking out in the second . Alex Rodriguez futilely swung at another that skipped in the dirt before striking out in the seventh	True
`` Uh , no , '' Morrow deadpanned when asked if he expected this starter 's magic , one month to the day after he began his conversion from dominant setup reliever . `` Yeah , it was exciting , for sure . I was nervous at first	False
He exited to one of the loudest , most prolonged roars of Seattle 's season . He then smiled almost sheepishly while receiving slaps on the back and handshakes from just about every one in Seattle 's dugout . Riggleman said had Morrow gotten out the eighth	True
He exited to one of the loudest , most prolonged roars of Seattle 's season . He then smiled almost sheepishly while receiving slaps on the back and handshakes from just about every one in Seattle 's dugout . Riggleman said had Morrow gotten out the eighth with the no-hitter intact , he may not have gone back out for the ninth	True
Riggleman said had Morrow gotten out the eighth with the no-hitter intact , he may not have gone back out for the ninth because he did n't want him throwing 120-some pitches after throwing no more than 82 last month at Triple-A . Morrow said he did n't believe that . Justin Thomas retired Johnny Damon on a lineout to end the eighth	True
Boston , which beat Baltimore 5 - 4 on Wednesday , moved within three games of Tampa Bay in the division . Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam after Carl Pavano ran into trouble in the fifth	True
Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam after Carl Pavano ran into trouble in the fifth . He was the winner despite facing only three batters as the Yankees won a series against a team .500 or better for the first time since winning two of three against Boston July 25 - 27 . Rodriguez , who has two homers and nine RBIs in the first three games of 10-game , four - city road trip , had a run-scoring double in the third	True
Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam after Carl Pavano ran into trouble in the fifth . He was the winner despite facing only three batters as the Yankees won a series against a team .500 or better for the first time since winning two of three against Boston July 25 - 27 . Rodriguez , who has two homers and nine RBIs in the first three games of 10-game , four - city road trip , had a run-scoring double in the third off Edwin Jackson ( 11 - 9 ) and a RBI single in the fourth	True
The Yankees built a 6 - 1 lead for Pavano . The right-hander , making his third start since returning from elbow surgery that sidelined him for more than a year , could n't get through the five innings required to get the win . B. J. Upton singled and Carlos Pena walked to begin the fifth	True
B. J. Upton singled and Carlos Pena walked to begin the fifth against Pavano , who was replaced by Ramirez with New York leading 6 - 3 . Cliff Floyd lined a single off second baseman Cano 's glove to load the bases with no outs . The Yankees escaped unscathed when Willy Aybar lined into a double play to Cano , who stepped on second	False
The Yankees escaped unscathed when Willy Aybar lined into a double play to Cano , who stepped on second before Pena could get back to the bag . Eric Hinske popped to Derek Jeter , ending the threat . The Rays scored on Floyd 's first-inning RBI double and Gabe Gross ' two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Yankees escaped unscathed when Willy Aybar lined into a double play to Cano , who stepped on second before Pena could get back to the bag . Eric Hinske popped to Derek Jeter , ending the threat . The Rays scored on Floyd 's first-inning RBI double and Gabe Gross ' two - run homer in the fourth as Pavano allowed six hits , walked two and struck out one in four - plus innings -- his shortest outing since coming off the DL . Akinori Iwamura added an RBI double off Jose Veras in the ninth	False
Ryan Howard hit his 38th and 39th home runs for the Phillies , but reliever Chad Durbin ( 5 - 4 ) had a bad night as Philadelphia failed to keep pace with the Mets ahead of their crucial three - game series at Shea Stadium starting Friday . New York beat Milwaukee 9 - 2 on Wednesday afternoon . The Phillies led 5 - 4 when Durbin entered the game with two outs and nobody on in the seventh	True
The Phillies led 5 - 4 when Durbin entered the game with two outs and nobody on in the seventh . Manuel wanted a righty-righty matchup against Zimmerman , but the move backfired when Zimmerman deposited Durbin 's third pitch to straightaway center field for his 11th homer . Durbin allowed three hits in four batters in the eighth	True
Durbin allowed three hits in four batters in the eighth , capped by pinch-hitter Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single that gave the Nationals a 6 - 5 lead . J. C. Romero entered and walked Emilio Bonifacio , loading the bases for Guzman 's three - run double that hit the base of the wall in left and made it 9 - 5 . The Phillies rallied for two runs in the ninth	False
The Phillies rallied for two runs in the ninth off reliever Joel Hanrahan , but it was n't enough as they lost their first series in Washington since 2006 . Saul Rivera ( 5 - 5 ) , one of seven Nationals pitchers , threw a scoreless eighth	True
Nady hit a two - run homer off Matt Garza ( 11 - 8 ) for the third-place Yankees , who have won 10 of 16 . Rodriguez hit home run No . 548 , tying Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt for 12th	False
Rodriguez hit home run No . 548 , tying Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt for 12th on the career list . The eighth-inning solo shot off Jason Hammel was his 30th of the year , giving A-Rod 11 consecutive seasons -- and 12 overall -- with 30 or more . Meanwhile , Chamberlain made a strong return from a month stay on the DL . He entered with runners on first	False
Rodriguez hit home run No . 548 , tying Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt for 12th on the career list . The eighth-inning solo shot off Jason Hammel was his 30th of the year , giving A-Rod 11 consecutive seasons -- and 12 overall -- with 30 or more . Meanwhile , Chamberlain made a strong return from a month stay on the DL . He entered with runners on first and third	False
The right-hander was placed on the DL with right rotator cuff tendinitis on Aug. 6 , two days after he left a start against Texas with shoulder soreness . The Yankees expect him to work out of the bullpen the rest of the season . Chamberlain allowed one hit and walked one in 1 1/3 innings . Dan Giese , also activated from the DL on Tuesday , worked the ninth	True
Chamberlain allowed one hit and walked one in 1 1/3 innings . Dan Giese , also activated from the DL on Tuesday , worked the ninth in a non-save situation . Mussina , 19 - 7 lifetime against Tampa Bay , gave up an RBI single to Cliff Floyd in the third	True
Chamberlain allowed one hit and walked one in 1 1/3 innings . Dan Giese , also activated from the DL on Tuesday , worked the ninth in a non-save situation . Mussina , 19 - 7 lifetime against Tampa Bay , gave up an RBI single to Cliff Floyd in the third and left after Gabe Gross and Shawn Riggans opened the seventh	True
Pence 's two - run double off Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) broke a 1-all tie and sent the Astros to their 10th straight win at Great American , a streak that started near the end of 2007 and is the longest such stretch in the majors . Naturally , Berkman had a hand in it , hitting a solo homer in the sixth	True
For the first time in his career , Oswalt has gone two straight starts without beating the Reds . He has two no-decisions against them this season despite pitching well . Oswalt escaped the Reds ' biggest threat in the sixth	True
Fukudome hit a three - run homer and drove in a career-high five runs on his 32nd birthday , helping the Cubs end a four - game skid with a 10 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday . Fukudome went 3 - for - 4 to hike his average to .371 after hitting .257 last season . He hit his fourth homer in the eighth	True
Harden allowed four hits , including two solo homers . St. Louis ' nine - game home winning streak ended . The Cardinals have won 10 of their 13 home games this season and are 13 - 6 overall , good for first	False
Chicago had 14 hits after scoring just five runs in its previous four games . Aaron Miles went 3 - for - 5 and scored twice . Derrek Lee hit an RBI double in Chicago 's three - run first	True
Derrek Lee hit an RBI double in Chicago 's three - run first but left the game before the Cubs took the field in the bottom half because of neck spasms . Micah Hoffpauir replaced him at first base . Piniella said Lee likely would not go on the disabled list . Hoffpauir led off the seventh	True
Hoffpauir led off the seventh with a home run to give the Cubs a 7 - 2 lead . The homer snapped a four - game team homerless drought . Todd Wellemeyer ( 1 - 2 ) was tagged for six runs , five earned , and eight hits in five innings . He walked Hoffpauir with the bases loaded in the second	True
Yadier Molina and Rick Ankiel hit solo drives for St. Louis . Molina extended his hitting streak to 10 games with his second homer of the season . Cardinals slugger Albert Pujols reached base four times before hitting into a game-ending double play . He walked three times and was hit on the hip by Harden in the fifth	True
HOUSTON -- Ryan Braun and the Milwaukee Brewers responded after blowing a ninth-inning lead against the Houston Astros . Braun delivered a tiebreaking RBI single in the 11th	True
Braun delivered a tiebreaking RBI single in the 11th for his fourth hit , leading the Brewers to a 9 - 8 victory on Saturday night . Prince Fielder homered twice , including a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Prince Fielder homered twice , including a two - run shot in the ninth that gave Milwaukee an 8 - 7 lead , and Bill Hall drove in four runs with a three - run drive and an RBI single . But Hall 's throwing error in the bottom of the ninth allowed the Astros to tie it . Corey Hart led off the 11th	True
Corey Hart led off the 11th with a double against Geoff Geary ( 0 - 3 ) , the last of five Houston pitchers . That set the stage for Braun , who is batting .474 with four homers and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games . Mark DiFelice ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1 - 3 innings for the victory . He struck out the last two batters in the 11th	True
Astros manager Cecil Cooper and catcher Ivan Rodriguez were ejected in the eighth inning after Rodriguez took issue with plate umpire Mark DiMuro 's strike zone . The Astros tied it at 8 with two out in the ninth	True
Astros manager Cecil Cooper and catcher Ivan Rodriguez were ejected in the eighth inning after Rodriguez took issue with plate umpire Mark DiMuro 's strike zone . The Astros tied it at 8 with two out in the ninth when Hall threw wide to first	False
The Astros tied it at 8 with two out in the ninth when Hall threw wide to first on Hunter Pence 's grounder , allowing Lance Berkman to score . After Pence reached second	False
After Pence reached second on a passed ball , Carlos Villanueva intentionally walked Geoff Blum . J. R. Towles then grounded out to send the game to extra innings . The lead bounced back and forth and the mood got intense in the eighth	True
Scott Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) , starting in place of injured right-hander Kris Benson , allowed a run and four hits over five innings in his first start this season . Feldman said he was told by Washington that he 'd earned another start Thursday . Frank Francisco got the final two outs for his fourth save after Cesar Izturis ' RBI double off C. J. Wilson made it 6 - 3 in the ninth	True
Kinsler hit Hendrickson 's 2 - 2 pitch in the first inning into the Baltimore bullpen for his sixth homer of the season and sixth career leadoff home run . It was the start of a trend : Rangers leadoff men got hits in the first six innings . Davis ripped Hendrickson 's first pitch of the second	True
Davis ripped Hendrickson 's first pitch of the second into the left-field stands for a 2 - 0 lead . Jarrod Saltalamacchia singled and was erased on Elvis Andrus ' fielder 's choice before Kinsler connected again for a two - run shot . Andruw Jones made it three straight innings with a leadoff homer in the third	True
Andruw Jones made it three straight innings with a leadoff homer in the third , depositing a changeup over the fence in center . The Orioles cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth	False
The Orioles cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth , when Wigginton 's two - out single scored Markakis , who extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a double . Markakis has reached base safely in 26 consecutive games , the longest active streak in the majors . Hendrickson departed in the fifth	True
Millar 's single over the drawn-in outfield scored Vernon Wells from second base , giving the Toronto Blue Jays an 8 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Wells walked to begin the 11th	True
Millar 's single over the drawn-in outfield scored Vernon Wells from second base , giving the Toronto Blue Jays an 8 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Wells walked to begin the 11th and went to second	False
O'Day pitched wearing Kason Gabbard 's jersey because there was n't time to get him one of his own . `` Gabbard I thought was a left-handed pitcher and he came in throwing sinkerballs , side-armed right-handed , so I was a little confused at first	False
`` I figured I 'd be throwing in the mid-90s , '' O'Day joked . `` It felt a little weird . I did n't have the fastball I was looking for . '' Toronto 's Rod Barajas hit a pair of two - out , two - run homers to left , one in the second	True
`` I figured I 'd be throwing in the mid-90s , '' O'Day joked . `` It felt a little weird . I did n't have the fastball I was looking for . '' Toronto 's Rod Barajas hit a pair of two - out , two - run homers to left , one in the second and another to almost the same spot in the fourth	True
Jason Frasor ( 3 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings for the victory . Trailing 7 - 4 , Texas tied it with a three - run ninth	True
Jason Frasor ( 3 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings for the victory . Trailing 7 - 4 , Texas tied it with a three - run ninth against struggling Toronto closer B. J. Ryan , who blew his second save . Chris Davis was hit on the wrist and Jarrod Saltalamacchia drew a four - pitch walk before Ian Kinsler grounded to shortstop . Aaron Hill 's throwing error prevented Toronto for turning the double play , scoring Davis and sending Kinsler to second	False
Jason Frasor ( 3 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings for the victory . Trailing 7 - 4 , Texas tied it with a three - run ninth against struggling Toronto closer B. J. Ryan , who blew his second save . Chris Davis was hit on the wrist and Jarrod Saltalamacchia drew a four - pitch walk before Ian Kinsler grounded to shortstop . Aaron Hill 's throwing error prevented Toronto for turning the double play , scoring Davis and sending Kinsler to second . Kinsler stole third	False
Jason Frasor ( 3 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings for the victory . Trailing 7 - 4 , Texas tied it with a three - run ninth against struggling Toronto closer B. J. Ryan , who blew his second save . Chris Davis was hit on the wrist and Jarrod Saltalamacchia drew a four - pitch walk before Ian Kinsler grounded to shortstop . Aaron Hill 's throwing error prevented Toronto for turning the double play , scoring Davis and sending Kinsler to second . Kinsler stole third and scored on pinch-hitter Josh Hamilton 's grounder before Michael Young tied it with a solo homer to center , his fourth	False
Manager Cito Gaston said Ryan 's future as Toronto 's closer will be decided after a chat with Ryan and general manager J. P. Ricciardi . Alex Rios had four hits for Toronto and drove in two runs with RBI singles in the fourth	True
Manager Cito Gaston said Ryan 's future as Toronto 's closer will be decided after a chat with Ryan and general manager J. P. Ricciardi . Alex Rios had four hits for Toronto and drove in two runs with RBI singles in the fourth and sixth	True
Manager Cito Gaston said Ryan 's future as Toronto 's closer will be decided after a chat with Ryan and general manager J. P. Ricciardi . Alex Rios had four hits for Toronto and drove in two runs with RBI singles in the fourth and sixth . Adam Lind hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Rios had four hits for Toronto and drove in two runs with RBI singles in the fourth and sixth . Adam Lind hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run single in the third	True
Alex Rios had four hits for Toronto and drove in two runs with RBI singles in the fourth and sixth . Adam Lind hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run single in the third , Young had an RBI double in the fifth	True
Alex Rios had four hits for Toronto and drove in two runs with RBI singles in the fourth and sixth . Adam Lind hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run single in the third , Young had an RBI double in the fifth and Marlon Byrd drove in a run on a fielder 's choice in the eighth	False
Rangers left-hander Matt Harrison gave up five runs and nine hits in four innings , raising his ERA to 8.59 . He walked two and struck out one . Andruw Jones stayed in the game to run the bases after bruising his right knee when he jumped over Millar at first	False
Rangers left-hander Matt Harrison gave up five runs and nine hits in four innings , raising his ERA to 8.59 . He walked two and struck out one . Andruw Jones stayed in the game to run the bases after bruising his right knee when he jumped over Millar at first on an infield single in the eighth	True
Andruw Jones stayed in the game to run the bases after bruising his right knee when he jumped over Millar at first on an infield single in the eighth . David Murphy replaced Jones in left field in the bottom half . Rangers reliever Willie Eyre had to leave the game midway through Barajas ' at-bat in the 10th	True
Cameron Maybin hit his first National League homer for Florida , which has lost two straight against the Pirates after opening the season with an 11 - 1 stretch . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
Karstens ( 1 - 0 ) won for the first time since Aug. 6 , when he took a no-hitter into the eighth inning at Arizona . Karstens , acquired from the New York Yankees in the Xavier Nady trade in July , did n't allow a run in his first two Pirates starts but had been 0 - 6 since . The Pirates scored in each of the first three innings to build a 3 - 1 lead . Adam LaRoche drove in Nyjer Morgan with a first-inning single , and Jason Jaramillo picked up his first major league RBI with a run-scoring double in the second	True
The Pirates scored in each of the first three innings to build a 3 - 1 lead . Adam LaRoche drove in Nyjer Morgan with a first-inning single , and Jason Jaramillo picked up his first major league RBI with a run-scoring double in the second . Sanchez led off the third	True
Sanchez led off the third with a drive to left-center off Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) . The 2006 batting champion is hitting .476 ( 10 - for - 21 ) over his last five games . Maybin got Florida within one with a leadoff shot in the eighth	True
Maybin got Florida within one with a leadoff shot in the eighth that traveled an estimated 447 feet . The Marlins put two runners on later in the inning but John Grabow retired Hanley Ramirez on a popup and struck out Ross Gload to end the threat . Ramirez doubled in John Baker in the third	True
A chance to pitch in the new park was a big reason Pettitte returned this season for a $ 5.5 million , one - year contract . He was 95 - 42 at the original Yankee Stadium , winning the finale against Baltimore in September . Bruney retired 22 batters in a row before Jack Cust singled with two outs in the eighth	True
A chance to pitch in the new park was a big reason Pettitte returned this season for a $ 5.5 million , one - year contract . He was 95 - 42 at the original Yankee Stadium , winning the finale against Baltimore in September . Bruney retired 22 batters in a row before Jack Cust singled with two outs in the eighth and scored on Mark Ellis ' double , trimming it to 5 - 3 . Eric Chavez lined out to second	False
Bruney retired 22 batters in a row before Jack Cust singled with two outs in the eighth and scored on Mark Ellis ' double , trimming it to 5 - 3 . Eric Chavez lined out to second , ending the inning . Rivera worked around Suzuki 's leadoff single in the ninth	False
A leadoff walk to Nick Swisher started New York 's four - run second inning . Swisher advanced to third	False
Jeter lined a single off Ellis ' glove -- a ball that probably should have been caught . Damon added an RBI single but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Mark Teixeira 's broken-bat single made it 4 - 0 . Gardner also made an outstanding grab in deep center to rob Giambi of a run-scoring extra-base hit in the first	True
Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse could n't hold a 4 - 1 lead . Theriot tripled to leadoff the fifth	True
But the lead did n't last long for the Cubs . Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol retired the middle of the Cardinals order when he entered with two on and none out in the seventh	True
But the lead did n't last long for the Cubs . Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol retired the middle of the Cardinals order when he entered with two on and none out in the seventh , but allowed consecutive doubles to Chris Duncan and Yadier Molina in the eighth	True
Griffey 's previous home run as a Mariner in Seattle came on Sept. 22 , 1999 , off Kansas City 's Jay Witasick in what was his 48th and final home run of that season . A few months later , the Mariners granted his wish and traded him to Cincinnati . Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Griffey 's previous home run as a Mariner in Seattle came on Sept. 22 , 1999 , off Kansas City 's Jay Witasick in what was his 48th and final home run of that season . A few months later , the Mariners granted his wish and traded him to Cincinnati . Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Washburn to give Los Angeles a brief 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
San Diego threw the ball all over the place in the seventh inning -- except over the plate . Three walks , a wild pitch , a passed ball and an ugly error helped New York score four runs on one hit , a bunt single by Luis Castillo . Luke Gregerson opened the inning by throwing 10 straight balls before he was lifted for Edward Mujica . On the next pitch , Castillo dropped a nice bunt toward third	False
With pinch-hitter Ryan Church facing an 0 - 2 count , Sheffield scored when Mujica uncorked a high wild pitch . After Church struck out and Jose Reyes was intentionally walked , Daniel Murphy 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 Mets . Castillo scored from third	False
With pinch-hitter Ryan Church facing an 0 - 2 count , Sheffield scored when Mujica uncorked a high wild pitch . After Church struck out and Jose Reyes was intentionally walked , Daniel Murphy 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 1 Mets . Castillo scored from third on a passed ball . Reyes stole second	False
Castillo scored from third on a passed ball . Reyes stole second on the same delivery and raced all the way around the bases when catcher Nick Hundley threw wildly toward the plate for an error in an attempt to get Castillo . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Delgado hit a leadoff homer against Luis Perdomo into the second deck in right field . It was a harsh hello for Perdomo , who was facing his first batter in the majors . Adrian Gonzalez homered in the ninth	True
In the eighth , Delgado hit a leadoff homer against Luis Perdomo into the second deck in right field . It was a harsh hello for Perdomo , who was facing his first batter in the majors . Adrian Gonzalez homered in the ninth for the Padres , his second	False
Adrian Gonzalez homered in the ninth for the Padres , his second of the series . New York loaded the bases with nobody out in the fourth	True
New York loaded the bases with nobody out in the fourth on singles by Murphy and Wright , plus a walk to Delgado . Carlos Beltran hit an RBI single off starter Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) , and another run scored when Sheffield grounded into a double play . San Diego cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Hardy 's second homer in two nights was about the only highlight for the Brewers , who have lost four straight and six of their first eight to start the season . After holding Milwaukee to a run and three hits through the first six innings , Arroyo got into trouble in the seventh	True
After holding Milwaukee to a run and three hits through the first six innings , Arroyo got into trouble in the seventh . Reliever Daniel Herrera came in with one out and runners on first	False
After holding Milwaukee to a run and three hits through the first six innings , Arroyo got into trouble in the seventh . Reliever Daniel Herrera came in with one out and runners on first and second	False
At least Parra made it through the sixth inning , something that has n't happened very often for Brewers starters this season . Coming into Tuesday , only two Milwaukee starters had lasted more than five innings . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
At least Parra made it through the sixth inning , something that has n't happened very often for Brewers starters this season . Coming into Tuesday , only two Milwaukee starters had lasted more than five innings . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Hairston reached base on a walk and Joey Votto pounded a 3 - 2 pitch to the wall in right-center for a double . Hardy tied the game in the second	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Hairston reached base on a walk and Joey Votto pounded a 3 - 2 pitch to the wall in right-center for a double . Hardy tied the game in the second , homering on a 1 - 1 pitch from Arroyo . Cincinnati took the lead in the third	False
Cincinnati took the lead in the third when Parra walked Willy Taveras and Hairston hit his first home run of the season . The Brewers then blew a good scoring chance in the third	True
The Brewers then blew a good scoring chance in the third , as Prince Fielder came up with the bases loaded and two outs and hit a lazy fly to left field to end the inning . Milwaukee reliever Carlos Villanueva had another rough outing , giving up three runs in the ninth	True
Bedard was within two outs of his second career shutout when he was lifted for reliever David Aardsma , who struck out Jason Giambi and got Jack Cust to line out with a pair of runners aboard for his second save of the season and his career . The A 's never had runners on with less than two outs until the ninth	True
The A 's never had runners on with less than two outs until the ninth , and Ryan Sweeney was only the second runner to reach second base when he was stranded there at the end . Bedard ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a hit to Rajai Davis in the third	True
The A 's never had runners on with less than two outs until the ninth , and Ryan Sweeney was only the second runner to reach second base when he was stranded there at the end . Bedard ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a hit to Rajai Davis in the third , and a two - out infield hit to Matt Holliday in the fourth	False
He struck out seven and walked only one batter , but could n't wrap things up . His only career shutout came at the Texas Rangers on July 7 , 2007 , when he was with the Baltimore Orioles . Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) retired 11 consecutive batters before Adrian Beltre singled up the middle with one out in the seventh	True
Geren watched the replays several times . Endy Chavez singled in the eighth	True
Endy Chavez singled in the eighth to extend his season-opening streak to seven games for Seattle , matching Ichiro Suzuki 's streak from 2005 . The A 's turned double plays in the first	True
Endy Chavez singled in the eighth to extend his season-opening streak to seven games for Seattle , matching Ichiro Suzuki 's streak from 2005 . The A 's turned double plays in the first and third	True
Baltimore , which opened the season by taking two of three from the New York Yankees , is 4 - 1 for the first time since 2000 . Guthrie ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five hits and walked none in six shutout innings , and Mora 's third career slam capped a five - run first	True
Ty Wigginton followed with a single before Niemann finally settled down . Guthrie , in contrast , retired the first seven Rays before Gabe Gross singled and took third	False
Guthrie , in contrast , retired the first seven Rays before Gabe Gross singled and took third on a double by Jason Bartlett . Gross was thrown out at the plate on a grounder by Akinori Iwamura , and Carl Crawford popped out . Longoria and Carlos Pena singled to open the fourth	True
Longoria and Carlos Pena singled to open the fourth , but Guthrie made sure neither advanced . Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the sixth	True
Hairston hit his 10th career homer against the Giants . With the Padres leading 4 - 2 with a runner on first	False
Hairston hit his 10th career homer against the Giants . With the Padres leading 4 - 2 with a runner on first and none out in the eighth	True
Shawn Hill ( 1 - 0 ) won his Padres debut while Zito ( 0 - 1 ) lasted only four innings in his first start of the season . A light rain turned into a downpour by the bottom of the fifth inning . With it raining off and on , the umpires ordered the teams off the field after the bottom of the sixth	True
Zito , who is 21 - 31 with the Giants since signing a $ 126 million contract in December 2006 , gave up four runs and seven hits . He threw 93 pitches , striking out four and walking two . The Padres jumped on Zito for three straight hits , including Giles ' RBI double , to take a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Padres jumped on Zito for three straight hits , including Giles ' RBI double , to take a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Adrian Gonzalez 's groundout and Kevin Kouzmanoff 's single brought in the other runs . San Francisco 's Emmanuel Burriss walked leading off the third	True
San Francisco 's Emmanuel Burriss walked leading off the third and scored on Randy Winn 's single . San Diego made it 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Mets could n't do that last season . They failed to make the playoffs because of another September meltdown set up by their bullpen , which led the NL with 16 blown saves after the All-Star break . They acquired closers J. J. Putz and Francisco Rodriguez in the offseason , and felt awfully good when the two of them closed out a 2 - 1 win in the season opener . That one came on a raw , 37-degree afternoon that made it tough on the hitters . With temperatures in the 50s on a clear evening Wednesday , the offenses got going and the Mets found themselves sweating one out in the ninth	True
Manager Jerry Manuel smiled about this close call , thinking back to all those times it did n't end so well last year . Delgado hit a two - run homer in the first	True
This time , there were meltdown memories all around . Starter Mike Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) left after five innings with a 5 - 4 lead . The Reds scored twice in the seventh	True
This time , there were meltdown memories all around . Starter Mike Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) left after five innings with a 5 - 4 lead . The Reds scored twice in the seventh off Pedro Feliciano , and made one final push against the Mets ' closer tandem . Putz gave up a sacrifice fly by Chris Dickerson in the eighth	True
When the ball left the bat , Manuel thought it might be out of the park . His new closer was n't so worried . Joey Votto had three hits for the Reds , including a three - run homer in the first	True
After homering five times in their 9 - 8 season-opening win on Monday , the Diamondbacks scored two runs in two games against the Rockies , who were 3 - 15 against Arizona last season . Stephen Drew had a solo homer for the Diamondbacks in the first	True
Fowler hit his first major league home run on the first pitch of the game from Doug Davis , sending it into the seats in left-center . He said he was looking for a fastball and got one . Torrealba and pinch-hitter Stewart hit consecutive drives off Billy Buckner in the seventh	True
Davis ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked four . The Rockies took the lead in the third	True
The Rockies took the lead in the third . Spilborghs drove in two runs with a bases-loaded double and Troy Tulowitzki scored on Garrett Atkins ' sacrifice fly to put Colorado up 4 - 1 . Morales and Jason Grilli combined to retire 12 in a row from the fourth	True
Morales and Jason Grilli combined to retire 12 in a row from the fourth through the seventh inning . Consecutive errors by third baseman Mark Reynolds and second baseman Felipe Lopez led to two runs for the Rockies in the ninth	True
There were , however , a few slick defensive plays . Arizona shortstop Drew threw from his knees and first baseman Conor Jackson made a nice stretch to rob Torrealba and end Colorado 's third inning . Center fielder Fowler , who was busy all day chasing and catching flyballs , made a nice running catch of Drew 's sharp line drive in the fifth	True
The Tigers lost their first seven games last season and finished in the AL Central basement , never living up to their billing after adding Miguel Cabrera and Dontrelle Willis in an offseason trade with the Florida Marlins . Adam Lind got the winning rally started with a one - out walk against Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) . Pinch-runner Jose Bautista went to third	False
Adam Lind got the winning rally started with a one - out walk against Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) . Pinch-runner Jose Bautista went to third on Rolen 's single to right and Lyle Overbay was walked intentionally to load the bases for Barajas , who lofted a flyball into center field . Bautista scored without a throw from Curtis Granderson . B. J. Ryan ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Inge in the ninth	True
The Tigers wasted a terrific effort by Edwin Jackson , who allowed just one hit in the first seven innings and was let down by his defense and Lyon . Jackson , the first	False
Jackson , the first to console Lyon after the game ended , said the Tigers have enough chemistry to stick together . Rolen led off the eighth	True
Lyon then relieved Seay and yielded a single to Marco Scutaro before Hill hit a go-ahead drive that just got over the wall in left . Hill , who flied out to the track in his previous at-bat , pumped his fist twice on his way to first	False
Acquired in an offseason trade with Tampa Bay , Jackson allowed one run and two hits . He struck out four and walked one . Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Acquired in an offseason trade with Tampa Bay , Jackson allowed one run and two hits . He struck out four and walked one . Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third and the Tigers added two more in the seventh	True
Acquired in an offseason trade with Tampa Bay , Jackson allowed one run and two hits . He struck out four and walked one . Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third and the Tigers added two more in the seventh , taking advantage of sloppy play by pitcher David Purcey . Marcus Thames ' RBI double put runners on second	False
Acquired in an offseason trade with Tampa Bay , Jackson allowed one run and two hits . He struck out four and walked one . Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third and the Tigers added two more in the seventh , taking advantage of sloppy play by pitcher David Purcey . Marcus Thames ' RBI double put runners on second and third	False
Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third and the Tigers added two more in the seventh , taking advantage of sloppy play by pitcher David Purcey . Marcus Thames ' RBI double put runners on second and third , and the Tigers decided to intentionally walk Inge . Purcey 's first pitch sailed to the backstop . Barajas fielded the carom and threw to Purcey at the plate , sending Carlos Guillen back to third	False
Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third and the Tigers added two more in the seventh , taking advantage of sloppy play by pitcher David Purcey . Marcus Thames ' RBI double put runners on second and third , and the Tigers decided to intentionally walk Inge . Purcey 's first pitch sailed to the backstop . Barajas fielded the carom and threw to Purcey at the plate , sending Carlos Guillen back to third . But the left-hander uncorked another wild throw , firing the ball into center field trying to catch Thames returning to second	False
Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . Detroit loaded the bases in the seventh	True
Purcey allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings . Detroit loaded the bases in the seventh but Shawn Camp got out of it when Gerald Laird popped to first	False
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Giants ' dependable bullpen is a big reason San Francisco has been winning the close games lately . Rich Aurilia hit his first home run of the season to give San Francisco the lead in the seventh	True
The victory gave the team a winning month of May at 15 - 14 and a 5 - 1 homestand . Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh	True
Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh for the win as San Francisco improved to 6 - 1 in rubber games and 5 - 0 at home in those contests . The Giants are 8 - 1 in home series this season . Brandon Medders struck out Albert Pujols to end the sixth	True
Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh for the win as San Francisco improved to 6 - 1 in rubber games and 5 - 0 at home in those contests . The Giants are 8 - 1 in home series this season . Brandon Medders struck out Albert Pujols to end the sixth , Jeremy Affeldt struck out Joe Thurston with runners on first	False
Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh for the win as San Francisco improved to 6 - 1 in rubber games and 5 - 0 at home in those contests . The Giants are 8 - 1 in home series this season . Brandon Medders struck out Albert Pujols to end the sixth , Jeremy Affeldt struck out Joe Thurston with runners on first and second	False
Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh for the win as San Francisco improved to 6 - 1 in rubber games and 5 - 0 at home in those contests . The Giants are 8 - 1 in home series this season . Brandon Medders struck out Albert Pujols to end the sixth , Jeremy Affeldt struck out Joe Thurston with runners on first and second to end the eighth	False
Brandon Medders struck out Albert Pujols to end the sixth , Jeremy Affeldt struck out Joe Thurston with runners on first and second to end the eighth and Brian Wilson finished for his 12th save in 15 chances . Pujols doubled , singled twice and scored a run after hitting two home runs in Saturday night 's 6 - 2 victory and was 7 - for - 11 in the series . St. Louis had a chance in the eighth	True
The Cardinals now head home from this six - game road trip for eight games in eight days at Busch Stadium . Nick Stavinoha hit a bases-loaded two - run double that gave St. Louis the lead in the fifth	True
Nick Stavinoha hit a bases-loaded two - run double that gave St. Louis the lead in the fifth . But San Francisco got both runs back in the bottom of the inning , on Edgar Renteria 's RBI groundout and Pablo Sandoval 's single . Rowand extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a leadoff single in the first	True
Nick Stavinoha hit a bases-loaded two - run double that gave St. Louis the lead in the fifth . But San Francisco got both runs back in the bottom of the inning , on Edgar Renteria 's RBI groundout and Pablo Sandoval 's single . Rowand extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a leadoff single in the first , then doubled in the fifth	True
Rowand extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a leadoff single in the first , then doubled in the fifth . He rolled his right ankle but it was n't considered serious . He will be re-evaluated once the team gets to Washington . Aurilia , who entered in a double-switch in the fifth	True
Rowand extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a leadoff single in the first , then doubled in the fifth . He rolled his right ankle but it was n't considered serious . He will be re-evaluated once the team gets to Washington . Aurilia , who entered in a double-switch in the fifth , singled and scored in the fifth	True
Rowand extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a leadoff single in the first , then doubled in the fifth . He rolled his right ankle but it was n't considered serious . He will be re-evaluated once the team gets to Washington . Aurilia , who entered in a double-switch in the fifth , singled and scored in the fifth then homered leading off the seventh	False
Rowand extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a leadoff single in the first , then doubled in the fifth . He rolled his right ankle but it was n't considered serious . He will be re-evaluated once the team gets to Washington . Aurilia , who entered in a double-switch in the fifth , singled and scored in the fifth then homered leading off the seventh with a drive into the left-field bleachers off Adam Wainwright ( 5 - 3 ) in his 65th at-bat of 2009 . Pinch-hitter Bengie Molina provided insurance with a sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
Upgrading the bullpen was one of general manager Brian Sabean 's top offseason priorities last winter . La Russa batted his pitcher eighth	False
Santana ( 7 - 2 ) struck out 11 and walked six , one shy of his career high . He labored through six innings , throwing a season-high 120 pitches while allowing three runs and three hits . The left-hander issued four free passes in a 41-pitch fourth	True
The left-hander issued four free passes in a 41-pitch fourth , the first time he has walked four in an inning . But the Mets gave him some rare support , with an assist from the video replay system . Murphy came up with a runner on in the sixth	True
Nationals manager Manny Acta disagreed . Pedro Feliciano fanned Dunn with a runner on to end the seventh	True
Pedro Feliciano fanned Dunn with a runner on to end the seventh , preserving a two - run lead . It was one of a season-high 15 strikeouts by Mets pitchers . Murphy , who had an RBI single in the third	True
Pedro Feliciano fanned Dunn with a runner on to end the seventh , preserving a two - run lead . It was one of a season-high 15 strikeouts by Mets pitchers . Murphy , who had an RBI single in the third , added a two - run double in the seventh	False
Brian Bannister worked six strong innings and drove in a run and pinch-hitter Mike Jacobs ' RBI single snapped a seventh-inning tie , helping the Royals avoid a three - game sweep in the I-70 interleague series with a 3 - 2 victory on Sunday . Pujols was walked intentionally twice on Sunday , once with two out and none on in the seventh	True
The run began with Pineiro 's three - hit shutout of the Cubs on Tuesday and ended when Pineiro ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs in seven innings on Sunday to offset a rare RBI single from the .090-hitting pitcher . Pineiro worked his fourth straight game without a walk and emphasized a sinker that produced 14 groundball outs , but fell to 3 - 1 with a 2.05 ERA in four starts at home this season . Bannister 's hit was not nearly as surprising as Pineiro 's , given he 's 7 for 21 for his career with three RBIs after his hit in the fifth made it 2 - 0 . Pineiro improved to 10 for 110 with seven RBIs after his full-count single lofted just out of the reach of shortstop Willie Bloomquist and tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
Bannister 's hit was not nearly as surprising as Pineiro 's , given he 's 7 for 21 for his career with three RBIs after his hit in the fifth made it 2 - 0 . Pineiro improved to 10 for 110 with seven RBIs after his full-count single lofted just out of the reach of shortstop Willie Bloomquist and tied it at 2 in the sixth . The Royals ' scoring drought ended in the first	True
Bannister 's hit was not nearly as surprising as Pineiro 's , given he 's 7 for 21 for his career with three RBIs after his hit in the fifth made it 2 - 0 . Pineiro improved to 10 for 110 with seven RBIs after his full-count single lofted just out of the reach of shortstop Willie Bloomquist and tied it at 2 in the sixth . The Royals ' scoring drought ended in the first on two - out hits by Billy Butler and Jose Guillen , and they went ahead 2 - 0 on Bannister 's RBI single in the fifth	True
The Royals ' scoring drought ended in the first on two - out hits by Billy Butler and Jose Guillen , and they went ahead 2 - 0 on Bannister 's RBI single in the fifth . Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs on seven hits in six innings and the Cardinals totaled one hit off three relievers with Juan Cruz working the ninth	True
Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs on seven hits in six innings and the Cardinals totaled one hit off three relievers with Juan Cruz working the ninth for his second save in four chances and first since April 30 . The Royals are 9 for 16 in save chances , but only 2 for 9 without injured closer Joakim Soria , and this was first overall since May 7 against the Mariners . Cardinals manager Tony La Russa allowed Pineiro to hit with two on and two out in the sixth	True
Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs on seven hits in six innings and the Cardinals totaled one hit off three relievers with Juan Cruz working the ninth for his second save in four chances and first since April 30 . The Royals are 9 for 16 in save chances , but only 2 for 9 without injured closer Joakim Soria , and this was first overall since May 7 against the Mariners . Cardinals manager Tony La Russa allowed Pineiro to hit with two on and two out in the sixth because of a low pitch count and Pineiro surprised with his RBI single , but the Royals knocked him out with a two - out rally in the seventh	True
John Mayberry Jr. hit a three - run homer in his major league debut and Raul Ibanez also connected , helping the Phillies build a 4 - 2 lead for new starter J. A. Happ . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) came on in the ninth	True
John Mayberry Jr. hit a three - run homer in his major league debut and Raul Ibanez also connected , helping the Phillies build a 4 - 2 lead for new starter J. A. Happ . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) came on in the ninth and immediately got in trouble . Johnny Damon drew a leadoff walk and stole second	False
Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) came on in the ninth and immediately got in trouble . Johnny Damon drew a leadoff walk and stole second . After Mark Teixeira struck out , Rodriguez smacked a full-count pitch over the short porch in right . Robinson Cano followed with a single , stole second	False
It was the third game-ending hit of the year for Cabrera , who has won back his center-field job after losing it last season . Cabrera raised his arms as he rounded first	False
Lidge , who converted all 48 save chances in 2008 -- including the postseason -- during his first year in Philadelphia , has blown three of 11 opportunities this season . His ERA climbed to 9.16 . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got one out in the ninth	True
The series finale is Sunday , with World Series MVP Cole Hamels on the mound against New York 's CC Sabathia in a marquee matchup of ace left-handers . In his second career at-bat , Mayberry lined a rocket to left field against Andy Pettitte in the fifth	True
No one appreciated it more than Rosales , a rookie who failed with the bases loaded in an earlier at-bat . Jonny Gomes , called up from the minors before the game , doubled on the first pitch he got from left-hander Aaron Laffey ( 3 - 1 ) as a pinch hitter leading off the eighth	True
Laffey felt muscles tighten in his lower right side on the pitch that Rosales hit for the tiebreaking double . On his next pitch , he knew something was wrong and left the game . Bronson Arroyo ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five hits in eight innings and was helped by three double plays . Grady Sizemore had two of the hits off Arroyo , including a homer in the first inning . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Lately , it has lost some luster . The Indians have the worst winning percentage in the American League at 16 - 27 . The Reds have had eight straight losing seasons . The series opener , along with postgame fireworks , drew 28,019 . Sizemore got it started with a solo homer in the first	True
Lately , it has lost some luster . The Indians have the worst winning percentage in the American League at 16 - 27 . The Reds have had eight straight losing seasons . The series opener , along with postgame fireworks , drew 28,019 . Sizemore got it started with a solo homer in the first . The center fielder was dropped to second	False
The Astros had two men on with one out when Andrus went hard to his right , stabbed a sharp grounder by Miguel Tejada and had it flying to second baseman Ian Kinsler at lightning speed . Holland was equally impressive for five innings , shutting Houston out until Lance Berkman homered to chase him in the sixth	True
Holland agrees . Holland gave up three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and was never in trouble until the sixth	True
Manager Cecil Cooper also praised Holland . `` We kept battling and gave ourselves a chance . We had first	False
Manager Cecil Cooper also praised Holland . `` We kept battling and gave ourselves a chance . We had first and second	False
Cruz 's ninth homer of the season came off LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 2 ) , who pitched the 10th inning . Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) threw 1 2/3 perfect innings for the win . Frank Francisco , who was activated from the disabled list before the game , pitched the 10th	True
Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) threw 1 2/3 perfect innings for the win . Frank Francisco , who was activated from the disabled list before the game , pitched the 10th to earn his 10th save in 10 tries . Texas built a 5 - 0 lead before Houston tied it with three runs in the sixth	True
Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) threw 1 2/3 perfect innings for the win . Frank Francisco , who was activated from the disabled list before the game , pitched the 10th to earn his 10th save in 10 tries . Texas built a 5 - 0 lead before Houston tied it with three runs in the sixth and two in the seventh	False
David Murphy 's single chased Paulino for reliever Wesley Wright in the sixth inning . Jarrod Saltalamaccchia then hit Wright 's first pitch out in left for a two - run homer that made it 5 - 0 . Houston closed it to 5 - 3 with Berkman 's three - run homer in the sixth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Chris Young homered for the first time in more than a month , Billy Buckner won in his first start since 2007 and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Friday night . Young , batting in the ninth spot as a starter for the first time in his career , hit a solo home run off Trevor Cahill in the fifth	True
Young , batting in the ninth spot as a starter for the first time in his career , hit a solo home run off Trevor Cahill in the fifth to snap an 0 - for - 21 streak and put the Diamondbacks ahead 2 - 1 . Buckner , recalled from Triple-A Reno before the game , pitched 7 1/3 strong innings , allowing only Matt Holiday 's solo homer in the second	True
Buckner , recalled from Triple-A Reno before the game , pitched 7 1/3 strong innings , allowing only Matt Holiday 's solo homer in the second . The Arizona right-hander gave up five hits , walked two and struck out three while winning in his first start since Sept. 27 , 2007 . Jon Rauch worked a scoreless ninth	True
The A 's , on the other hand , lost for the sixth time in their last eight games . Oakland entered with the second-best interleague record in the majors , but lost to Arizona for the sixth time in the last seven meetings between the two clubs . Young , who normally bats sixth	False
The A 's , on the other hand , lost for the sixth time in their last eight games . Oakland entered with the second-best interleague record in the majors , but lost to Arizona for the sixth time in the last seven meetings between the two clubs . Young , who normally bats sixth for the Diamondbacks , provided the big blow offensively with his sixth homer of the season and first since April 21 , an 82 at-bat stretch . He also singled in the eighth	True
But it was Buckner 's pitching that did the most damage . The 25-year-old had pitched strictly in relief for Arizona since being acquired from Kansas City in 2007 , but dominated the slumping A 's , allowing only one runner past first base after Holliday 's leadoff homer in the second	True
The 25-year-old had pitched strictly in relief for Arizona since being acquired from Kansas City in 2007 , but dominated the slumping A 's , allowing only one runner past first base after Holliday 's leadoff homer in the second . Buckner ( 1 - 0 ) also overcame a pair of fielding errors by the Diamondbacks ' defense . After Buckner quieted the A 's offense , Esmerling Vasquez and Clay Zavada worked one - third	True
After Buckner quieted the A 's offense , Esmerling Vasquez and Clay Zavada worked one - third of an inning each before Arizona manager A. J. Hinch went to Rauch , who got the call because closer Chad Qualls had pitched in the previous three games . Rauch retired the first two batters in the ninth	True
`` His pitching style is a lot different from what it was last year , '' Hairston added . `` I think he 's able to make those pitches with two strikes , in and out . At times , he can throw any pitch for a strike . And his curveball 's working really well , too . That 's his signature pitch his whole career . He snapped off some really good ones tonight . '' Hundley homered to center on a changeup with two outs in the second	True
`` His pitching style is a lot different from what it was last year , '' Hairston added . `` I think he 's able to make those pitches with two strikes , in and out . At times , he can throw any pitch for a strike . And his curveball 's working really well , too . That 's his signature pitch his whole career . He snapped off some really good ones tonight . '' Hundley homered to center on a changeup with two outs in the second , his third	False
Young 's previous win was April 12 against the Giants on the final day of the Padres ' opening series , when he improved to 2 - 0 . He went 0 - 2 in his next six starts , including a no-decision in a 1 - 0 , 10-inning loss at San Francisco on April 22 . Zito also got a no-decision that day . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
Giants manager Bruce Bochy was n't happy with his offense . The Giants finally got a run on Emmanuel Burriss ' grounder in the sixth	True
MIAMI -- Paying little attention to the ominous forecast and threatening skies , Jon Garland gave the Arizona Diamondbacks another quality start . Mark Reynolds homered leading off a five - run seventh	True
Mark Reynolds homered leading off a five - run seventh and Garland pitched six strong innings to lead the Diamondbacks over the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Garland ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits . He walked one and struck out three during his fifth quality start in eight outings . Chad Qualls pitched the ninth	True
It was Arizona 's second straight win after dropping seven of eight . Hanley Ramirez homered for Florida , which has lost seven of eight and 13 of 17 . The announced attendance was 10,131 , though only about one - third	False
Hanley Ramirez homered for Florida , which has lost seven of eight and 13 of 17 . The announced attendance was 10,131 , though only about one - third of that was present . Marlins starter Josh Johnson ( 3 - 1 ) had retired 11 in a row when he began the seventh	True
Justin Upton 's sacrifice fly scored Lopez to give Arizona a 5 - 2 lead . Ramirez hit his seventh homer , with one out in the sixth	True
Ramirez hit his seventh homer , with one out in the sixth . Florida added an unearned run later in the inning with the help of two errors by Byrnes in left field . Jorge Cantu lined a single to left and went to second	False
Ramirez hit his seventh homer , with one out in the sixth . Florida added an unearned run later in the inning with the help of two errors by Byrnes in left field . Jorge Cantu lined a single to left and went to second when the ball got by Byrnes . After John Baker struck out , Dan Uggla lined a single to left to score Cantu . Uggla went to second	False
Jorge Cantu lined a single to left and went to second when the ball got by Byrnes . After John Baker struck out , Dan Uggla lined a single to left to score Cantu . Uggla went to second when the ball went through Byrnes ' legs . The Marlins pulled to 5 - 3 on pinch hitter Ross Gload 's run-scoring single in the seventh	True
Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning for the Cardinals , who rebounded after getting swept in a three - game series by the Brewers . St. Louis has won only three of 10 overall , but expects to get pitcher Chris Carpenter and outfielder Rick Ankiel back for Wednesday 's game . Pineiro retired 23 of his final 24 batters , interrupted only by Mike Fontenot 's two - out double in the fifth	True
Lilly said he shook off catcher Geovany Soto because he wanted to throw a fastball against Rasmus , whose last three hits are all two - run homers . The Cardinals also scored in the first	True
Pineiro ( 5 - 3 ) faced one batter more than the minimum and needed only 92 pitches to compile his 10th career complete game and first since May 1 , 2006 , with Seattle at Minnesota . The three - hitter matched his career best with the Mariners on July 26 , 2003 , against the Rangers , also his last shutout . Pineiro , who struck out five with no walks , was helped early by catcher Molina 's pickoff of Alfonso Soriano in the first	True
Pineiro ( 5 - 3 ) faced one batter more than the minimum and needed only 92 pitches to compile his 10th career complete game and first since May 1 , 2006 , with Seattle at Minnesota . The three - hitter matched his career best with the Mariners on July 26 , 2003 , against the Rangers , also his last shutout . Pineiro , who struck out five with no walks , was helped early by catcher Molina 's pickoff of Alfonso Soriano in the first and a double-play ball in the second	True
The ninth inning may have provided more tension than Jones had expected . Yunel Escobar hit a sacrifice fly with the bases loaded in the bottom of ninth	True
`` Hopefully it 's something to build on . We started it on the road and we want to keep it going , he added . `` If you ca n't keep the home-field advantage and have it be an advantage for you , it 's going to be a long year . We 've got to win ballgames here . '' Jones ' third-inning homer gave the Braves a 3 - 2 lead that held until closer Mike Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a tying homer to Stephen Drew to lead off the ninth	True
Jones ' third-inning homer gave the Braves a 3 - 2 lead that held until closer Mike Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a tying homer to Stephen Drew to lead off the ninth . It was the third blown save in nine chances for Gonzalez . With one out in the ninth	True
Jones ' third-inning homer gave the Braves a 3 - 2 lead that held until closer Mike Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a tying homer to Stephen Drew to lead off the ninth . It was the third blown save in nine chances for Gonzalez . With one out in the ninth , Jordan Schafer hit a single to right off Tony Pena ( 3 - 1 ) . Pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson walked and Omar Infante singled to center . Schafer , who hesitated between second	True
Jones ' third-inning homer gave the Braves a 3 - 2 lead that held until closer Mike Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a tying homer to Stephen Drew to lead off the ninth . It was the third blown save in nine chances for Gonzalez . With one out in the ninth , Jordan Schafer hit a single to right off Tony Pena ( 3 - 1 ) . Pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson walked and Omar Infante singled to center . Schafer , who hesitated between second and third	False
Jones ' third-inning homer gave the Braves a 3 - 2 lead that held until closer Mike Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a tying homer to Stephen Drew to lead off the ninth . It was the third blown save in nine chances for Gonzalez . With one out in the ninth , Jordan Schafer hit a single to right off Tony Pena ( 3 - 1 ) . Pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson walked and Omar Infante singled to center . Schafer , who hesitated between second and third to see if center fielder Chris Young would catch the ball , had to hold at third	False
Jones ' drive was the Braves ' sixth homer of the season at Turner Field , the low home total for any team in the majors . It was the ninth homer allowed by Doug Davis this season . The loss was the fourth straight and seventh	False
Javier Vazquez struck out 10 in seven innings as the Braves took their fifth win in six games . Vazquez gave up five hits and two runs in seven innings . He gave up two runs in the first	True
Javier Vazquez struck out 10 in seven innings as the Braves took their fifth win in six games . Vazquez gave up five hits and two runs in seven innings . He gave up two runs in the first and then allowed only one baserunner as far as second	False
Felipe Lopez hit Vazquez 's first pitch up the middle for a single and scored on Gerardo Parra 's triple to right . Parra scored on Justin Upton 's groundout for a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves took advantage of a throwing error by Davis to tie it in the second	True
The Braves took advantage of a throwing error by Davis to tie it in the second . Brian McCann and Jeff Francoeur opened the inning with singles . Casey Kotchman followed with a grounder to Davis , whose low throw skipped past first baseman Josh Whitesell for an error , allowing McCann to score . Francoeur scored on Schafer 's grounder . Davis gave up four hits and three runs -- two earned -- in six innings and , according to Hinch , was upset at being removed for a pinch hitter in the seventh	True
A few batters later , the left-hander was leaping over the dugout railing with the rest of his teammates to celebrate Texas ' latest victory in its final at-bat . Chris Davis hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth	True
Chris Davis hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth , after Hank Blalock led off the inning against closer Brandon Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) with his 10th homer , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Thursday to complete a three - game sweep . Harrison ( 4 - 2 ) threw a five - hitter to win his fourth consecutive start . He retired 16 of the last 18 batters after Seattle scored twice in the fourth	True
Harrison ( 4 - 2 ) threw a five - hitter to win his fourth consecutive start . He retired 16 of the last 18 batters after Seattle scored twice in the fourth to end his scoreless innings streak at 22 in a row . Harrison struck out seven with no walks in his second complete game in a week , the third	False
The AL West-leading Rangers ( 20 - 14 ) got their 10th win in 12 games to reach six games over .500 , matching their best mark in Washington 's three seasons . Felix Hernandez pitched seven shutout innings for Seattle and David Aardsma had a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
The AL West-leading Rangers ( 20 - 14 ) got their 10th win in 12 games to reach six games over .500 , matching their best mark in Washington 's three seasons . Felix Hernandez pitched seven shutout innings for Seattle and David Aardsma had a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth against the top of the Texas order . Morrow has six saves and had n't blown a chance until Wednesday night , when Blalock hit a two - run double with one out in the 11th	True
Harrison had n't given up a run since April 27 at Baltimore , when the Orioles scored four times in the first two innings . He finished that game with five scoreless innings and then did n't allow runs in consecutive appearances against the White Sox . Jose Lopez led off the Seattle fourth	True
Harrison had n't given up a run since April 27 at Baltimore , when the Orioles scored four times in the first two innings . He finished that game with five scoreless innings and then did n't allow runs in consecutive appearances against the White Sox . Jose Lopez led off the Seattle fourth with a single and moved to third	False
But Hernandez allowed 12 runs over 10 innings in his previous two starts . Texas scored six runs in six innings against him last week to end his scoreless streak . After Michael Young singled and Josh Hamilton walked in the first	True
But Hernandez allowed 12 runs over 10 innings in his previous two starts . Texas scored six runs in six innings against him last week to end his scoreless streak . After Michael Young singled and Josh Hamilton walked in the first , Hernandez retired 15 of the next 16 batters until Young singled again in the sixth	True
In the bottom half of the inning , Fielder clubbed a 2 - 2 pitch from reliever Burke Badenhop ( 2 - 2 ) just over the wall in left-center field . It was Fielder 's eighth homer of the season and his third	False
It was Fielder 's eighth homer of the season and his third in the last three games after hitting a pair Tuesday night against Florida . J. J. Hardy added an RBI single with two outs in the sixth	True
It was Fielder 's eighth homer of the season and his third in the last three games after hitting a pair Tuesday night against Florida . J. J. Hardy added an RBI single with two outs in the sixth for a 5 - 3 lead . Hardy also made a heads-up play in the field , cutting down a runner at home plate in the fifth	True
And Bush agreed with Macha 's bling-free assessment of his pitching style . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead when Dan Uggla scored on a wild pitch by Bush in the second	True
The Brewers then took a 3 - 1 lead in the third thanks to some sloppy fielding by the Marlins . After Johnson issued back-to-back walks to Rickie Weeks and J. J. Hardy , Ryan Braun hit a grounder to third	False
The Brewers then took a 3 - 1 lead in the third thanks to some sloppy fielding by the Marlins . After Johnson issued back-to-back walks to Rickie Weeks and J. J. Hardy , Ryan Braun hit a grounder to third . Emilio Bonifacio fielded the ball and stepped on third	False
The Brewers then took a 3 - 1 lead in the third thanks to some sloppy fielding by the Marlins . After Johnson issued back-to-back walks to Rickie Weeks and J. J. Hardy , Ryan Braun hit a grounder to third . Emilio Bonifacio fielded the ball and stepped on third for a force out , but threw wildly to first	False
After Johnson issued back-to-back walks to Rickie Weeks and J. J. Hardy , Ryan Braun hit a grounder to third . Emilio Bonifacio fielded the ball and stepped on third for a force out , but threw wildly to first and Hardy came all the way around to score . Hanley Ramirez doubled and scored on an error by Weeks at second base in the fourth	True
Making his second straight start in place of Jeter ( right oblique ) , rookie Ramiro Pena tripled and scored from the eighth spot . Right behind him , rookie catcher Francisco Cervelli picked up his first career RBI as the Yankees finished with 11 hits , including eight for extra bases , and improved to 11 - 0 when holding their opponent to three runs or less . Batting in the seventh spot , Gardner hooked a 1 - 1 breaking ball over the wall in the right-field corner in the second	True
Making his second straight start in place of Jeter ( right oblique ) , rookie Ramiro Pena tripled and scored from the eighth spot . Right behind him , rookie catcher Francisco Cervelli picked up his first career RBI as the Yankees finished with 11 hits , including eight for extra bases , and improved to 11 - 0 when holding their opponent to three runs or less . Batting in the seventh spot , Gardner hooked a 1 - 1 breaking ball over the wall in the right-field corner in the second before hitting a triple and scoring in the fifth	True
Jeter has not played since Sunday because of a sore right oblique and Girardi said he might not play again until Friday . Matsui left Tuesday 's game after one at-bat with a tight right hamstring and is day-to-day . Johnny Damon started as the DH and led off Wednesday while Swisher batted second	False
Alfredo Aceves got six outs and Jonathan Albaladejo pitched around two walks and a single to finish it . Toronto second baseman Aaron Hill scored on a throwing error by counterpart Robinson Cano in the first	True
Alfredo Aceves got six outs and Jonathan Albaladejo pitched around two walks and a single to finish it . Toronto second baseman Aaron Hill scored on a throwing error by counterpart Robinson Cano in the first but the Yankees replied with a five - run , 10-batter second	True
The AL rookie of the month for April , Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) has lost both his starts in May . He allowed five runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , the shortest outing of his 12-start career . John McDonald replaced Hill in the field in the fifth	True
The AL rookie of the month for April , Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) has lost both his starts in May . He allowed five runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings , the shortest outing of his 12-start career . John McDonald replaced Hill in the field in the fifth . Hill fouled a ball off his left shin in the third	True
Sandoval 's three - run homer with two outs in the ninth ended San Francisco 's wild 9 - 7 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman extended his hitting streak to 30 games with two singles for the hard-luck Nationals , who have lost nine straight to the Giants -- none tougher than this defeat after Washington scored six runs in the late innings . San Francisco blew a 5 - 1 lead when Nick Johnson hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Sandoval 's three - run homer with two outs in the ninth ended San Francisco 's wild 9 - 7 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman extended his hitting streak to 30 games with two singles for the hard-luck Nationals , who have lost nine straight to the Giants -- none tougher than this defeat after Washington scored six runs in the late innings . San Francisco blew a 5 - 1 lead when Nick Johnson hit a three - run homer in the seventh and drove in two more runs with a weak single in the eighth	True
Ryan Zimmerman extended his hitting streak to 30 games with two singles for the hard-luck Nationals , who have lost nine straight to the Giants -- none tougher than this defeat after Washington scored six runs in the late innings . San Francisco blew a 5 - 1 lead when Nick Johnson hit a three - run homer in the seventh and drove in two more runs with a weak single in the eighth . But after Bengie Molina hit an eighth-inning homer off Kip Wells , the Giants rallied in the ninth	False
Emmanuel Burriss singled and Edgar Renteria drew a walk before Sandoval cracked a 2 - 2 pitch into left for his third homer of the season , setting off a frenzied celebration at home plate for the Giants ' 15th win in 21 games , pushing them four games above .500 for the first time in nearly three years . Sandoval thoroughly atoned for his baserunning blunder two innings earlier , when he tripped and landed face first	False
Sandoval thoroughly atoned for his baserunning blunder two innings earlier , when he tripped and landed face first while trying to stretch an extra-base hit . He stayed down for several moments out of embarrassment , not injury . Brandon Medders ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth	True
Rookie starter Jordan Zimmermann allowed six hits and struck out eight during six innings for the Nationals . Randy Winn and Renteria drove in two runs apiece for the Giants , while Cain yielded nine hits and four runs . Cain gave up Johnson 's homer in the seventh	True
Rookie starter Jordan Zimmermann allowed six hits and struck out eight during six innings for the Nationals . Randy Winn and Renteria drove in two runs apiece for the Giants , while Cain yielded nine hits and four runs . Cain gave up Johnson 's homer in the seventh , and struggling reliever Bob Howry gave up pinch-hitter Ronnie Belliard 's two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Josh Hamilton looked like a player trying to shake the rust off in his first three plate appearances Tuesday night . With one big swing in the seventh	True
Hamilton , activated after missing 13 games with a strained ribcage muscle , struggled in his first three at-bats before his two - run shot off Mariners reliever Mark Lowe ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead . Before he put the Rangers up for good , Hamilton bounced into a double play in the first	True
Hamilton , activated after missing 13 games with a strained ribcage muscle , struggled in his first three at-bats before his two - run shot off Mariners reliever Mark Lowe ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead . Before he put the Rangers up for good , Hamilton bounced into a double play in the first , flew out in the third	True
Hamilton , activated after missing 13 games with a strained ribcage muscle , struggled in his first three at-bats before his two - run shot off Mariners reliever Mark Lowe ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead . Before he put the Rangers up for good , Hamilton bounced into a double play in the first , flew out in the third and struck out looking in the fifth	True
Chris Davis homered for the fourth time in eight games for Texas , and Michael Young had three hits and was on base five times after missing two games with back stiffness . Scott Feldman took a shutout into the seventh	True
Seattle , which had only four hits , has lost seven of eight . Mariners manager Don Wakamatsu was displeased with his team 's lack of offense . The Mariners came into the game 12th	False
Mariners manager Don Wakamatsu was displeased with his team 's lack of offense . The Mariners came into the game 12th in the American League in runs scored . Young singled with one out in the seventh	True
Nelson Cruz hit a sacrifice fly , Marlon Byrd scored on an error , Jarrod Saltalamacchia had an RBI double and Elvis Andrus added a run-scoring single to make it 7 - 1 . Texas sent up 12 batters in the seventh	True
Vargas made his first start since July 3 , 2007 , after missing the 2008 season because of hip surgery . Davis homered off Vargas on the first pitch in the bottom of the fifth	True
Davis homered off Vargas on the first pitch in the bottom of the fifth . His shot hit the top of the wall in right and bounced into the Rangers bullpen . In the top of the seventh	False
Davis homered off Vargas on the first pitch in the bottom of the fifth . His shot hit the top of the wall in right and bounced into the Rangers bullpen . In the top of the seventh , Franklin Gutierrez singled and stole second	False
In the top of the seventh , Franklin Gutierrez singled and stole second . Kenji Johjima doubled down the line in right to tie the score at 1 and chase Feldman from the game . Holland recorded the last two outs of the seventh	True
The Rangers finally touched up Colon , who had won 12 straight starts against them since Aug. 21 , 2003 , with a 2.50 ERA . It was the longest active winning streak against one opponent in the majors . Davis ' leadoff homer in the fifth started a four - run inning . With runners on first	False
The Rangers finally touched up Colon , who had won 12 straight starts against them since Aug. 21 , 2003 , with a 2.50 ERA . It was the longest active winning streak against one opponent in the majors . Davis ' leadoff homer in the fifth started a four - run inning . With runners on first and second	False
Colon ( 2 - 3 ) said after the game he had no idea about his streak against Texas . He allowed five runs and five hits over 4 2/3 innings , with four strikeouts and three walks . Blalock led off the second inning with a homer and tagged reliever D. J. Carrasco with a solo shot in the seventh	True
Colon ( 2 - 3 ) said after the game he had no idea about his streak against Texas . He allowed five runs and five hits over 4 2/3 innings , with four strikeouts and three walks . Blalock led off the second inning with a homer and tagged reliever D. J. Carrasco with a solo shot in the seventh , his ninth	False
Blalock led off the second inning with a homer and tagged reliever D. J. Carrasco with a solo shot in the seventh , his ninth of the season . It was Blalock 's seventh career multihomer game and first since April 11 , 2006 . Davis added an RBI double off Lance Broadway in the eighth	True
Carlos Quentin doubled twice and scored the go-ahead run on Konerko 's sacrifice to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 win over the Texas Rangers on Saturday night . Texas starter Kevin Millwood gave up a leadoff single to Chris Getz in the eighth	True
Texas starter Kevin Millwood gave up a leadoff single to Chris Getz in the eighth and hit Quentin on a 1 - 2 pitch . Dye chased Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) with a single to load the bases with no outs . One out later , Konerko lifted one to center off Texas reliever Darren O'Day . Quentin tagging from third	False
One out later , Konerko lifted one to center off Texas reliever Darren O'Day . Quentin tagging from third , dove into the plate ahead of Marlon Byrd 's accurate throw . White Sox reliever Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning and Bobby Jenks pitched a perfect ninth	True
Omar Vizquel started in place of the injured Michael Young ( back ) at third base for Texas . It was the first time that Vizquel , an 11-time Gold Glove winner at shortstop , had started at a position other than short . Danks pitched six impressive innings and left with a 2 - 1 lead , but Matt Thornton surrendered the lead in the seventh	True
Danks allowed one run on four hits with one walk . With the scored tied at one in the sixth	True
Millwood allowed seven hits and three runs in seven innings . Quentin 's RBI double off the left-center fence to score Getz from first	False
Millwood allowed seven hits and three runs in seven innings . Quentin 's RBI double off the left-center fence to score Getz from first in the third	True
Vazquez pitched neatly into the eighth inning , Yunel Escobar and Brian McCann hit two - run homers and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 2 on Saturday . Vazquez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits , striking out seven in 7 2/3 innings . He had no walks and also helped himself with a double that started a three - run rally in the fifth	True
Phillies manager Charlie Manuel was somewhat encouraged . Vazquez was hitless in his first 12 at-bats this season before lining a one - out double down the left-field line in the fifth	True
Vazquez was hitless in his first 12 at-bats this season before lining a one - out double down the left-field line in the fifth . He scored on Kelly Johnson 's double . Escobar followed with a drive to the seats in left-center for a 4 - 1 lead . McCann , wearing glasses after missing 13 games with an eye infection , connected in the eighth	True
McCann , wearing glasses after missing 13 games with an eye infection , connected in the eighth to make it 6 - 1 . McCann wore a new mask behind the plate and did n't have trouble with his glasses fogging up . Ibanez hit one into the second deck in right field in the eighth	True
Utley is off to another strong start . The All-Star second baseman belted 21 of his career-best 33 homers in the first 59 games last year , but hit only 12 in the final 103 games . He played through a hip injury , waiting until after the season to have surgery . Jeff Francoeur lined an RBI single off the wall in left to give the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Juan Castro had three hits and drove in two runs for the defending NL champions , who are 1 - 2 since Ramirez was banished for 50 games by Major League Baseball after testing positive for a banned drug . Stults , who was recalled from Triple-A on April 11 to replace the injured Hiroki Kuroda in the rotation , threw 123 pitches while striking out five and walking none in his third start against the Giants this season . The 29-year-old left-hander also had an RBI single during the Dodgers ' three - run eighth	True
Stults ( 4 - 1 ) gave the Dodgers their first complete game of the season , going the distance for the second time in 20 career starts . His other complete game came on June 25 , when he beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 0 at Dodger Stadium with a four - hitter and threw 116 pitches . Stults gave up a leadoff double to Edgar Renteria in the ninth	True
Stults gave up a leadoff double to Edgar Renteria in the ninth . One out later , cleanup hitter Bengie Molina drove a ball to right-center and Kemp caught it on the dead run before his momentum sent him crashing to the ground . Stults was forced to work out of another jam in the sixth	True
In the first inning , Kemp took an extra-base hit away from Winn before colliding with the fence . Stults retired his first 13 batters before giving up a first-pitch double to left-center by Aaron Rowand , who had only one hit in his previous 27 at-bats and no extra-base hits in his previous 60 at-bats . Rowand was stranded at third	False
BOSTON -- The Red Sox rounded the bases at a rapid rate and broke an 84-year-old AL record . Twelve batters came up and all 12 scored before Boston made its first	False
They were replaced by Bailey and Rocco Baldelli , who each drove in two runs in the inning , and Julio Lugo , who began it with a single , his third hit of the game . Baldelli 's two - run double gave Boston a 4 - 2 lead , Jason Bay hit a three - run homer and an RBI double and three other batters had two - run hits in the sixth	True
Baldelli 's two - run double gave Boston a 4 - 2 lead , Jason Bay hit a three - run homer and an RBI double and three other batters had two - run hits in the sixth when the Red Sox obliterated a 2 - 1 deficit . Boston had nine hits and three walks in the inning before Matt Herges retired Mike Lowell on a grounder to third	False
Baldelli 's two - run double gave Boston a 4 - 2 lead , Jason Bay hit a three - run homer and an RBI double and three other batters had two - run hits in the sixth when the Red Sox obliterated a 2 - 1 deficit . Boston had nine hits and three walks in the inning before Matt Herges retired Mike Lowell on a grounder to third , drawing cheers from the crowd . Then he struck out Baldelli and got J. D. Drew on a grounder to second	False
Boston had nine hits and three walks in the inning before Matt Herges retired Mike Lowell on a grounder to third , drawing cheers from the crowd . Then he struck out Baldelli and got J. D. Drew on a grounder to second . The inning turned a one - run deficit for Tim Wakefield ( 4 - 1 ) into a 13 - 2 lead . He allowed two runs to score in the fifth	True
The inning turned a one - run deficit for Tim Wakefield ( 4 - 1 ) into a 13 - 2 lead . He allowed two runs to score in the fifth on a wild pitch and a sacrifice fly by Asdrubal Cabrera and won his fourth straight decision . Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one run on four hits through five innings . But he left the game after allowing the first six batters to reach base in the sixth	True
The previous AL record was set by the Detroit Tigers , who scored 11 runs in the sixth inning in a 19 - 1 win at the New York Yankees on June 17 , 1925 . After Lugo 's leadoff single in the sixth	True
`` It 's pretty funny , '' Hanrahan told The Associated Press by phone from Philadelphia , where the Pirates face the Phillies on Friday . `` It feels pretty good in the situation that we 're in . Houston is a team in our division and we gained ground . '' The game resumed with one out in the bottom of the 11th	True
The game resumed with one out in the bottom of the 11th with a Washington runner on first base . Josh Willingham singled before Josh Bard grounded into a force out to second	False
The game resumed with one out in the bottom of the 11th with a Washington runner on first base . Josh Willingham singled before Josh Bard grounded into a force out to second . It looked like Tejada , covering second base , would easily get Bard out at first	False
The Tigers , though , could not rejoice entirely because Magglio Ordonez continued his season-long slump and Carlos Guillen went on the disabled list . Ordonez went 0 - for - 4 after being dropped to sixth	True
Ordonez went 0 - for - 4 after being dropped to sixth in a starting lineup for the first time since 1998 . Clete Thomas -- who hit third	False
Millwood ( 3 - 2 ) , who retired the first 12 batters he faced , allowed five runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He has pitched at least seven innings in each of his six starts this year and earned his first win over the Mariners since July 23 , 2007 , by outlasting Seattle 's young star . Frank Francisco got Adrian Beltre for the final out of the eighth	True
Millwood ( 3 - 2 ) , who retired the first 12 batters he faced , allowed five runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He has pitched at least seven innings in each of his six starts this year and earned his first win over the Mariners since July 23 , 2007 , by outlasting Seattle 's young star . Frank Francisco got Adrian Beltre for the final out of the eighth and worked the ninth	False
Franklin Gutierrez singled with two outs and Yuniesky Betancourt walked before Ichiro Suzuki flied out to end the game . It was the fourth straight one - run game for Seattle and came a day after its 15-inning victory over Oakland . After consecutive brilliant performances , Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) finally got tagged in the fourth	True
After consecutive brilliant performances , Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) finally got tagged in the fourth as the Rangers pieced together four straight hits to end his scoreless innings streak at 22 . Hank Blalock zipped an RBI double past Endy Chavez in left-center field and Marlon Byrd followed with a run-scoring single . Young hit a hanging slider out in the fifth	True
After consecutive brilliant performances , Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) finally got tagged in the fourth as the Rangers pieced together four straight hits to end his scoreless innings streak at 22 . Hank Blalock zipped an RBI double past Endy Chavez in left-center field and Marlon Byrd followed with a run-scoring single . Young hit a hanging slider out in the fifth and Davis stepped up in the sixth	True
Seattle manager Don Wakamatsu said Hernandez has been fighting a mild flu , but the right-hander was more concerned with the pitches he left over the plate . Seattle finally got to Millwood in the fifth	True
Seattle finally got to Millwood in the fifth . Millwood left a 3 - 1 fastball out over the plate to leadoff batter Russell Branyan , who hit his seventh homer . Jose Lopez singled with one out and Kenji Johjima doubled before Gutierrez 's tying three - run homer into the Rangers bullpen in left . Seattle scored in the seventh	False
Seattle finally got to Millwood in the fifth . Millwood left a 3 - 1 fastball out over the plate to leadoff batter Russell Branyan , who hit his seventh homer . Jose Lopez singled with one out and Kenji Johjima doubled before Gutierrez 's tying three - run homer into the Rangers bullpen in left . Seattle scored in the seventh when Suzuki beat out a double play allowing Gutierrez to scamper home , but Suzuki was stranded at second	False
Bloomquist ended Baker 's no-hit bid with a single , Jose Guillen connected for a three - run homer in the same inning and the Royals rallied past Minnesota 7 - 5 on Sunday . Guillen 's three - run shot accounted for the first runs off Baker ( 0 - 4 ) , who flirted with Minnesota 's first no-hitter since 1999 . But he gave up five consecutive hits in the seventh	True
Delmon Young 's RBI single in the sixth gave Minnesota a 4 - 0 lead . Until that point , Baker 's lone blemish was a second-inning walk to Guillen . Baker then retired 15 straight before Bloomquist 's leadoff single in the seventh	False
Mike Jacobs and David DeJesus singled to chase Baker , who struck out four and left to a standing ovation . Still , he wound up with a loss . Luis Ayala gave up Alberto Callaspo 's two - run double to left-center , putting the Royals up 5 - 4 . Guillen added a run-scoring double in the eighth	True
Mike Jacobs and David DeJesus singled to chase Baker , who struck out four and left to a standing ovation . Still , he wound up with a loss . Luis Ayala gave up Alberto Callaspo 's two - run double to left-center , putting the Royals up 5 - 4 . Guillen added a run-scoring double in the eighth and Coco Crisp hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Guillen has three homers since coming off the disabled list April 24 . Horacio Ramirez and Jamey Wright each worked a scoreless inning before Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
Lopez blooped an RBI single in the 15th inning and the Seattle Mariners , after pulling off a pair of late rallies , beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 7 Sunday in the longest game in the majors this season . Kenji Johjima hit a tying home run in the ninth	True
The game lasted 5 hours , 2 minutes . It was the longest by innings and time in 2009 , the Elias Sports Bureau said . The Mariners used eight pitchers and the A 's five . There were 526 pitches thrown . Franklin Gutierrez opened the 15th	True
The game lasted 5 hours , 2 minutes . It was the longest by innings and time in 2009 , the Elias Sports Bureau said . The Mariners used eight pitchers and the A 's five . There were 526 pitches thrown . Franklin Gutierrez opened the 15th with a soft single against Eveland , who started Friday night and pitched 4 2/3 innings . Yuniesky Betancourt followed with a sacrifice bunt that Eveland threw wildly into center field , putting runners at second	False
The game lasted 5 hours , 2 minutes . It was the longest by innings and time in 2009 , the Elias Sports Bureau said . The Mariners used eight pitchers and the A 's five . There were 526 pitches thrown . Franklin Gutierrez opened the 15th with a soft single against Eveland , who started Friday night and pitched 4 2/3 innings . Yuniesky Betancourt followed with a sacrifice bunt that Eveland threw wildly into center field , putting runners at second and third	False
Suzuki was intentionally walked to set up Lopez with the bases loaded . He lifted a shallow fly , but center fielder Rajai Davis broke back on the ball and could n't recover in time to catch it . Lopez had a chance to win it in the 13th	True
Springer was forced into the closer 's role because Brad Ziegler has had the flu for the past four days . Springer also gave up the game-winning hit to Lopez in the Mariners ' 8 - 7 victory Friday night . The A 's scored three times in the 13th	True
Springer was forced into the closer 's role because Brad Ziegler has had the flu for the past four days . Springer also gave up the game-winning hit to Lopez in the Mariners ' 8 - 7 victory Friday night . The A 's scored three times in the 13th off Miguel Batista , the seventh	True
Marquis ( 4 - 1 ) struck out five and walked one in his fifth career complete game and first since a 1 - 0 victory for the Chicago Cubs on May 9 , 2007 , against the Pittsburgh Pirates . Brad Hawpe also connected for Colorado in his first start since getting hit in the neck on Monday . Garrett Atkins hit an RBI single in the third	True
Brad Hawpe also connected for Colorado in his first start since getting hit in the neck on Monday . Garrett Atkins hit an RBI single in the third for the Rockies , who have won four of six . Pablo Sandoval hit a leadoff homer in the ninth	False
Matt Cain ( 2 - 1 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in six innings for the Giants . He walked four and struck out three . Spilborghs hit Cain 's second pitch into the left-field bleachers for his first career leadoff homer . He added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Spilborghs hit Cain 's second pitch into the left-field bleachers for his first career leadoff homer . He added a two - run shot in the fifth . Marquis gave up a leadoff single to Randy Winn before retiring 14 of the next 15 hitters he faced . After giving up consecutive singles to Emmanuel Burriss and Cain in the fifth	True
David DeJesus drove in three runs for the Royals , and Jose Guillen made Kevin Slowey ( 4 - 0 ) sweat his perfect record with a two - run single that tied it at 5 in the fifth inning . But Morneau connected in the bottom half and Minnesota 's bullpen took over from there . Matt Guerrier needed only 12 pitches for two perfect innings of relief , Jose Mijares struck out the side in the eighth	True
Mauer , who sat out all of spring training and then missed the first 22 games while recovering from lingering inflammation in a joint in his lower back , came off the disabled list in the afternoon . It was difficult to imagine the two - time batting champion making more of an impact on his first night . Mauer hit a 2 - 0 fastball from Sidney Ponson in the bottom of the first	True
Well , hitting one out was a good place to start . The All-Star catcher started the fourth	True
The All-Star catcher started the fourth with a double on an 0 - 2 curveball and scored on Morneau 's single soon after . Nick Punto added a two - out , two - run single later in the inning , giving the Twins a 5 - 2 lead against the scuffling Ponson ( 0 - 4 ) . Then in the fifth	True
But Mauer 's smashing success made Slowey 's struggles mostly forgotten . The Twins split their games while Mauer was out , going 11 - 11 in the season 's first month . The Royals were 12 - 10 , their first winning April since 2003 -- and just their second	False
Said Yankees manager Joe Girardi : `` I told him he should throw it out left-handed . '' Once Cabrera 's hit put the Yankees ahead , Rivera went to work . He pitched a perfect ninth	True
Once Cabrera 's hit put the Yankees ahead , Rivera went to work . He pitched a perfect ninth , striking out Franklin Gutierrez for his 19th save in 20 chances . Alex Rodriguez hit his 565th career homer and Cabrera drove in three runs . The Yankees won their ninth	False
Major league batting leader Ichiro Suzuki got two hits and stole three bases for the Mariners . Cabrera , with a knack for key hits late in games , lined an RBI double off Sean White ( 2 - 1 ) . Hideki Matsui began the eighth	True
Derek Jeter capped the burst with a two - run single . He was among the Yankees who applauded when Rivera threw the first ball , a ceremony usually reserved for former greats . Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the eighth	True
Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the eighth that made it 5-all . Kenji Johjima hit an RBI single and Russell Branyan had a bases-loaded sacrifice fly . Rodriguez launched his 12th homer of the season in the seventh	True
Rodriguez launched his 12th homer of the season in the seventh for a 5 - 3 lead . He immediately tossed aside his bat after the tiebreaking two - run shot . The Mariners are the AL 's worst-fielding team and hours after two - time Gold Glove third baseman Adrian Beltre had shoulder surgery , replacement Chris Woodward made two errors on one play to help New York take a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mariners are the AL 's worst-fielding team and hours after two - time Gold Glove third baseman Adrian Beltre had shoulder surgery , replacement Chris Woodward made two errors on one play to help New York take a 2 - 0 lead in the second . With runners on first	False
The Mariners are the AL 's worst-fielding team and hours after two - time Gold Glove third baseman Adrian Beltre had shoulder surgery , replacement Chris Woodward made two errors on one play to help New York take a 2 - 0 lead in the second . With runners on first and second	False
The Mariners are the AL 's worst-fielding team and hours after two - time Gold Glove third baseman Adrian Beltre had shoulder surgery , replacement Chris Woodward made two errors on one play to help New York take a 2 - 0 lead in the second . With runners on first and second , Woodward bobbled a slow grounder by Matsui for the first mistake . He then skipped a throw past first	False
With runners on first and second , Woodward bobbled a slow grounder by Matsui for the first mistake . He then skipped a throw past first that let one run score , and another came home on Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Ronny Cedeno , batting only .133 , homered in the Seattle third	True
Ronny Cedeno , batting only .133 , homered in the Seattle third . As is their way under bullpen coach John Wetteland , the Mariners relievers all met to high-five the occasion . Seattle tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
Ronny Cedeno , batting only .133 , homered in the Seattle third . As is their way under bullpen coach John Wetteland , the Mariners relievers all met to high-five the occasion . Seattle tied it at 3 in the fifth . Suzuki led off with a single and stole his way around to third	False
Micah Owings ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits over six innings for only his second win in eight starts since May 21 . Phillips hit a two - run single in a four - run third	True
Micah Owings ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits over six innings for only his second win in eight starts since May 21 . Phillips hit a two - run single in a four - run third off David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) . He had an RBI single and scored on Jonny Gomes ' homer in the fifth	True
Micah Owings ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits over six innings for only his second win in eight starts since May 21 . Phillips hit a two - run single in a four - run third off David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) . He had an RBI single and scored on Jonny Gomes ' homer in the fifth , then singled , stole second	False
Micah Owings ( 5 - 8 ) gave up one run and five hits over six innings for only his second win in eight starts since May 21 . Phillips hit a two - run single in a four - run third off David Huff ( 3 - 3 ) . He had an RBI single and scored on Jonny Gomes ' homer in the fifth , then singled , stole second and scored on a base hit by Hernandez against Rafael Perez in the seventh	True
Cleveland purchased Jose Veras from the New York Yankees on Wednesday and traded veteran infielder Mark DeRosa to St. Louis for right-hander Chris Perez and a player to be named Saturday . The Indians went 0 - for - 4 with runners in scoring position in its first game since dealing DeRosa , who was second	False
The Indians went 0 - for - 4 with runners in scoring position in its first game since dealing DeRosa , who was second on the club in home runs ( 13 ) and RBIs ( 50 ) . Phillips gave the Reds a 2 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the third	True
Phillips gave the Reds a 2 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the third , then scored on Hernandez 's two - run triple off the wall in left-center . Cleveland left fielder Ryan Garko dropped a fly ball by Joey Votto in the fifth	True
Cleveland left fielder Ryan Garko dropped a fly ball by Joey Votto in the fifth , leading to a three - run inning . Phillips followed with line single to center to make it 4 - 1 and scored on Gomes ' fourth homer , an opposite-field shot to right . Asdrubal Cabrera , activated from the disabled list Sunday after missing 22 games with a strained shoulder , singled and scored in the first	True
Cleveland left fielder Ryan Garko dropped a fly ball by Joey Votto in the fifth , leading to a three - run inning . Phillips followed with line single to center to make it 4 - 1 and scored on Gomes ' fourth homer , an opposite-field shot to right . Asdrubal Cabrera , activated from the disabled list Sunday after missing 22 games with a strained shoulder , singled and scored in the first to put Cleveland ahead , 1 - 0 . Cabrera went to third	False
Asdrubal Cabrera , activated from the disabled list Sunday after missing 22 games with a strained shoulder , singled and scored in the first to put Cleveland ahead , 1 - 0 . Cabrera went to third on a single by Sizemore and scored on a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez . Cleveland had two runners on base against Owings in the third	True
Asdrubal Cabrera , activated from the disabled list Sunday after missing 22 games with a strained shoulder , singled and scored in the first to put Cleveland ahead , 1 - 0 . Cabrera went to third on a single by Sizemore and scored on a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez . Cleveland had two runners on base against Owings in the third , fourth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera , activated from the disabled list Sunday after missing 22 games with a strained shoulder , singled and scored in the first to put Cleveland ahead , 1 - 0 . Cabrera went to third on a single by Sizemore and scored on a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez . Cleveland had two runners on base against Owings in the third , fourth and sixth	True
Lopez , in his fourth game back with the club after spending the previous six on the bereavement list because of the death of his sister in Venezuela , was 8 for 12 with four RBIs in the series . Left-hander Garrett Olson ( 3 - 2 ) threw 72 pitches over five innings , allowing two runs and four hits . David Aardsma pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking none for the fourth consecutive start . Ichiro Suzuki , vying for his third AL batting crown , faced Kuroda for the first time in the major leagues and finished the day 1 for 5 -- lowering his major league-leading average to . 372 . He beat out an infield hit to second base in third	True
Ichiro Suzuki , vying for his third AL batting crown , faced Kuroda for the first time in the major leagues and finished the day 1 for 5 -- lowering his major league-leading average to . 372 . He beat out an infield hit to second base in third to trigger a three - run rally and extend his hitting streak to 11 games , but his streak of seven multihit games ended . The Dodgers , who have baseball 's best record at 48 - 27 despite losing four of their last five , were held to one hit until Matt Kemp led off the fifth	True
CHICAGO -- The squeeze was on as Chris Getz made a dash from third	False
`` Sure enough it was . '' Wise had a few words for Zambrano as he headed to first	False
Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) gave up nine hits , including a homer to Alexei Ramirez , and was charged with five runs , four of them earned in 5 1/3 innings . Cubs manager Lou Piniella went to the mound for a visit , and after Wise stole second	False
Ramirez then blooped a single to left against reliever David Patton to load the bases . As Jermaine Dye hit a towering pop that fell behind shortstop Ryan Theriot into short left field , umpires called the infield fly rule . Dye was called out , but Wise had raced home when the ball fell in -- Theriot was given an error on the play -- and the White Sox had a 5 - 0 lead . When Danks plunked Ryan Freel to start the seventh	True
When Danks plunked Ryan Freel to start the seventh , Runge issued a warning to both benches . Podsednik , who had four hits Saturday , was hit by a pitch by Zambrano with one out in the third	True
Podsednik , who had four hits Saturday , was hit by a pitch by Zambrano with one out in the third . Ramirez then drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his 10th homer , giving the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . Singles by A. J. Pierzynski and Gordon Beckham gave the White Sox runners at the corners in the fourth	True
Podsednik , who had four hits Saturday , was hit by a pitch by Zambrano with one out in the third . Ramirez then drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his 10th homer , giving the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . Singles by A. J. Pierzynski and Gordon Beckham gave the White Sox runners at the corners in the fourth . With Beckham breaking for second	False
Singles by A. J. Pierzynski and Gordon Beckham gave the White Sox runners at the corners in the fourth . With Beckham breaking for second , Wise hit an infield single off the glove of Cubs second baseman Andres Blanco to make it 3 - 0 . Danks ran into trouble in the sixth	True
Danks ran into trouble in the sixth . A leadoff double by Alfonso Soriano and back-to-back two - out walks to Derrek Lee and Jake Fox loaded the bases . But he was bailed out when Ramirez , who had two errors Saturday , went to his knees in the hole to stab Soto 's hard grounder and threw to third	False
Beltre , who also had thumb surgery on the same day as the first operation on his non-throwing shoulder , will be going on the disabled list for the third time in his 12-year career and first time in five seasons with the Mariners . The two - time Gold Glove winner , who becomes a free agent at the end of the season , is batting .259 with five homers and 30 RBIs . Hernandez ( 8 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run , struck out nine and walked one . Rafael Furcal reached on an infield hit in the third inning and scored from third	False
Eric Milton ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , striking out seven and walking none . The 33-year-old lefty , activated from the DL earlier in the day after missing 17 games because of a back strain , is 1 - 6 with a 9.18 ERA in 10 career starts against Seattle . The Mariners increased their margin to 4 - 0 in the third	True
Eric Milton ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , striking out seven and walking none . The 33-year-old lefty , activated from the DL earlier in the day after missing 17 games because of a back strain , is 1 - 6 with a 9.18 ERA in 10 career starts against Seattle . The Mariners increased their margin to 4 - 0 in the third when Suzuki led off with a single , Branyan followed with his first triple of the season and Griffey drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the right-field pavilion for his ninth homer this season and 620th of his career -- fifth	False
St. Louis has totaled three runs during a three - game losing streak . Nathan worked the ninth	True
Nathan has n't allowed a run in 15 innings in his last 15 appearances this season and has pitched 13 straight scoreless innings in interleague play . Perkins ( 3 - 4 ) retired 10 in a row from the last out of the first inning to the last out of the fourth	True
Nathan has n't allowed a run in 15 innings in his last 15 appearances this season and has pitched 13 straight scoreless innings in interleague play . Perkins ( 3 - 4 ) retired 10 in a row from the last out of the first inning to the last out of the fourth and the Cardinals had only one runner in scoring position the first six innings . Rasmus reached on a bunt hit to start the seventh	True
Nathan has n't allowed a run in 15 innings in his last 15 appearances this season and has pitched 13 straight scoreless innings in interleague play . Perkins ( 3 - 4 ) retired 10 in a row from the last out of the first inning to the last out of the fourth and the Cardinals had only one runner in scoring position the first six innings . Rasmus reached on a bunt hit to start the seventh , sliding to elude the tag of Justin Morneau at first	False
Perkins ( 3 - 4 ) retired 10 in a row from the last out of the first inning to the last out of the fourth and the Cardinals had only one runner in scoring position the first six innings . Rasmus reached on a bunt hit to start the seventh , sliding to elude the tag of Justin Morneau at first , and scored on Rick Ankiel 's two - out double . Wainwright got two quick outs to start the game before walking Mauer and Morneau , and Kubel broke his bat on an RBI single that gave the Twins the lead . A second run scored when third baseman Joe Thurston booted Cuddyer 's two - out grounder and then threw late to first	False
`` Even if he gets on base , '' Wainwright added , `` the second one is unforgivable . Really what it comes down to is the first inning , the two - out walks . '' Kubel doubled to start the sixth	True
Kubel doubled to start the sixth and Cuddyer followed with an RBI single for a 3 - 0 lead . Ankiel , the Cardinals ' left fielder , saved a run in the third	True
Kubel doubled to start the sixth and Cuddyer followed with an RBI single for a 3 - 0 lead . Ankiel , the Cardinals ' left fielder , saved a run in the third when he threw out Mauer trying to score from second	False
Los Angeles ' record supports that belief . Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer in an eight - run second	True
Jered Weaver beat the Diamondbacks for the first time as Los Angeles improved its major league-best record in interleague play to 12 - 4 . The Angels are 127 - 102 since interleague play began in 1997 . The Angels scored all eight runs in the second	True
Arizona ( 30 - 44 ) has lost six of seven and is 5 - 8 in interleague play . Diamondbacks shortstop Stephen Drew hit a two - run home run in the third inning , his fifth	False
Arizona ( 30 - 44 ) has lost six of seven and is 5 - 8 in interleague play . Diamondbacks shortstop Stephen Drew hit a two - run home run in the third inning , his fifth of the season . Tony Clark also connected in the fourth	True
Buckner ( 2 - 5 ) lasted only 1 2/3 innings in his shortest career start . He has given up 26 earned runs in his last 18 1/3 innings , and was optioned to Triple-A Reno after the game . Rivera singled with one out in the second	True
Buckner ( 2 - 5 ) lasted only 1 2/3 innings in his shortest career start . He has given up 26 earned runs in his last 18 1/3 innings , and was optioned to Triple-A Reno after the game . Rivera singled with one out in the second and went to third	False
Rivera singled with one out in the second and went to third on a hit-and-run by Morales . Willy Aybar beat out an infield to drive in the first run before Jeff Mathis doubled in another . Weaver grounded into a fielder 's choice at third	False
The Yankees have won two straight after a three - game losing streak . New York took sole possession of second place in the AL East and moved four games behind Boston in the AL East . Rodriguez , who drove in six runs over seven at-bats before striking out in the eighth	True
The Yankees have won two straight after a three - game losing streak . New York took sole possession of second place in the AL East and moved four games behind Boston in the AL East . Rodriguez , who drove in six runs over seven at-bats before striking out in the eighth , gave the Yankees a 10 - 6 lead with a two - run single in the seventh	True
Rodriguez , who drove in six runs over seven at-bats before striking out in the eighth , gave the Yankees a 10 - 6 lead with a two - run single in the seventh off reliever Peter Moylan . His 10th homer in the first	True
Rivera , who needs one save to join Trevor Hoffman as the only pitchers with 500 , faced one batter , retiring pinch-hitter Diory Hernandez on fly out , to strand two runners . Rivera has converted 17 of 18 chances this season . Jeter went 4 for 5 , scored four runs and reached on a walk and an error . Damon , whose three - run triple in the third gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead , also had an RBI single to make it 11 - 6 in the eighth	True
Jeter went 4 for 5 , scored four runs and reached on a walk and an error . Damon , whose three - run triple in the third gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead , also had an RBI single to make it 11 - 6 in the eighth . His 95 career triples are the most of any active player . Atlanta scored five runs in the fourth	True
Jeter went 4 for 5 , scored four runs and reached on a walk and an error . Damon , whose three - run triple in the third gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead , also had an RBI single to make it 11 - 6 in the eighth . His 95 career triples are the most of any active player . Atlanta scored five runs in the fourth off Yankees starter Andy Pettitte as the left-hander was chased when Yunel Escobar 's two - run single cut the lead to 8 - 6 with two out in third	True
Atlanta scored five runs in the fourth off Yankees starter Andy Pettitte as the left-hander was chased when Yunel Escobar 's two - run single cut the lead to 8 - 6 with two out in third . Pettitte gave up seven hits , six runs -- three earned -- and three walks with four strikeouts . Reliever Alfredo Aceves ( 5 - 1 ) got the win in relief . Derek Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) lost his third straight start , failing to retire a batter in the fourth	True
Derek Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) lost his third straight start , failing to retire a batter in the fourth and allowing seven hits , six runs -- four earned -- and walked three with four strikeouts in three innings . The Braves had their second consecutive defeat and fourth	False
The Braves had their second consecutive defeat and fourth in the past six . Atlanta is 1 - 6 - 6 over its past 10 series . Aceves struck out Garret Anderson to strand two runners in the fourth	True
The Braves had their second consecutive defeat and fourth in the past six . Atlanta is 1 - 6 - 6 over its past 10 series . Aceves struck out Garret Anderson to strand two runners in the fourth . He and Phil Coke combined to pitch 4 1/3 scoreless innings before David Roberston gave up Brian McCann 's eighth homer in the ninth	True
Olivo 's shot off Fulchino ( 2 - 3 ) ricocheted off the railing in center field and bounced back onto the field . It was his 11th homer and gave the Royals their second straight win after they broke a five - game losing streak with Tuesday 's win in the series opener . Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) blew a save chance but got the win . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th	True
Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) blew a save chance but got the win . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first save . An error by Houston first baseman Lance Berkman and a call the Astros disputed -- the umpires had it right -- helped the Royals get the tying run in the ninth	True
The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead into the ninth behind Jose Valverde . Mitch Maier reached on Berkman 's one - out error and pinch-hitter Mike Jacobs followed with a deep drive . Left fielder Jason Michaels claimed he caught the ball , but replays showed it caromed off the wall into his glove . Jacobs ' single sent Maier to third	False
Royals reliever Kyle Farnsworth was injured in the eighth inning on his third pitch . He released the ball and crumpled to the ground , clutching the top of his right leg . He hobbled off the field with help and was replaced by Jamey Wright . Team officials said Farnsworth had a right groin injury and would be evaluated Thursday . The Astros trailed 1 - 0 before Darin Erstad 's pinch-hit , two - run homer in the sixth	True
The Astros trailed 1 - 0 before Darin Erstad 's pinch-hit , two - run homer in the sixth . Pinch-hitter Tug Hulett delivered an RBI single in the top of the sixth	False
Pinch-hitter Tug Hulett delivered an RBI single in the top of the sixth that broke a scoreless tie . It was his first hit of the season after going 0 for 11 . Royals starter Luke Hochevar did n't allow a hit until a single by Carlos Lee in the fifth	True
Houston starter Roy Oswalt allowed one run in six innings , striking out eight . Maier tried to stretch a triple into an inside-the-park home run in the third	True
DETROIT -- The streaking Detroit Tigers put slumping Magglio Ordonez back on the field , batting him seventh	True
The last time Detroit won a game on a walk-off homer by a pinch hitter was in 1995 , when Lou Whitaker was at the plate against the Chicago White Sox and Alan Trammell , now the Cubs ' bench coach , was one of the baserunners . Raburn 's blast to left-center off Kevin Gregg capped a dramatic ending in which the teams alternated hitting two - run homers in the seventh	True
The last time Detroit won a game on a walk-off homer by a pinch hitter was in 1995 , when Lou Whitaker was at the plate against the Chicago White Sox and Alan Trammell , now the Cubs ' bench coach , was one of the baserunners . Raburn 's blast to left-center off Kevin Gregg capped a dramatic ending in which the teams alternated hitting two - run homers in the seventh , eighth	True
Chicago 's Micah Hoffpauir hit a go-ahead , two - run shot in the eighth inning off Joel Zumaya . Brandon Inge 's two - run home run in the seventh put the Tigers ahead 3 - 2 and they were a strike away from taking the lead into the ninth	True
Carlos Zambrano went from the losing pitcher to the winning one to not factoring in the decision thanks to Hoffpauir 's homer and Raburn 's homer . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the eighth	True
Gregg lamented the pitch he threw , a slider that slipped out of his hand . Brandon Lyon ( 3 - 3 ) got the victory after retiring one batter in the ninth	True
The Tigers had won four straight with struggling Ordonez out of the lineup and won again despite putting him back on the field . Ordonez fizzled in his first game in almost a week , going 0 for 2 on a chopper to third	False
Ordonez fizzled in his first game in almost a week , going 0 for 2 on a chopper to third and a popup in foul territory . The six - time All-Star and 2007 AL batting champion , who is hitting just .271 with two homers , walked in the seventh	True
The six - time All-Star and 2007 AL batting champion , who is hitting just .271 with two homers , walked in the seventh and pinch-runner Anderson was promptly picked off by Zambrano . Ordonez hit seventh	False
Kuroda ( 2 - 3 ) made winning without Manny look easy , allowing four hits in 8 2/3 innings . He gave up only Paul Konerko 's second-inning homer and Jermaine Dye 's single until there were two outs in the ninth	True
Danks allowed three runs on only three hits -- all in the first two innings -- and retired 17 of the final 18 batters he faced over seven innings , but the White Sox lost for the ninth time in their last 12 home games . Orlando Hudson 's RBI double gave the Dodgers a first-inning lead and Loney 's fifth homer made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Orlando Hudson 's RBI double gave the Dodgers a first-inning lead and Loney 's fifth homer made it 3 - 0 in the second . Konerko 's home run cut the Dodgers ' lead to two and that 's how things stayed until the eighth	True
Konerko 's home run cut the Dodgers ' lead to two and that 's how things stayed until the eighth , when Casey Blake hit a two - run single off reliever Octavio Dotel . White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was ejected by home-plate umpire Joe West earlier in the eighth	True
All six wild pitches by the Angels came with Mike Napoli behind the plate . The Halos also had six on April 13 , 1991 at Minnesota . Palmer ( 6 - 1 ) set the tone in the second inning , throwing two wild pitches with Troy Tulowitzki at the plate . It enabled Hawpe to advance to third	True
Barmes homered , drove in two runs and scored two more and the Colorado Rockies completed a sweep of the Pittsburgh Pirates and ran their latest winning streak to five games with a 5 - 4 victory . Less than 24 hours after Todd Helton hit a game-winning homer in the ninth	True
Less than 24 hours after Todd Helton hit a game-winning homer in the ninth , the Rockies have won for the 16th time in 17 games -- including an 11-game winning streak -- and improved to 18 - 5 under manager Jim Tracy . Barmes doubled to drive in Colorado 's second run in the second inning and homered in the fourth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 3 - 7 ) overcame a shaky start to win at Coors Field for the first time this season . He went 5 2/3 innings and allowed three walks , four runs and seven hits . He also struck out six . Huston Street worked a perfect ninth	True
Rookie Andrew McCutchen tripled to open the game and one pitch later scored on a single to center by Sanchez . De La Rosa worked out of a bases-loaded jam to avoid more damage . The Pirates added two runs in the second	True
Pittsburgh manager John Russell agreed and bemoaned the play 's consequences . Garrett Atkins drove in a run in the third	True
Barmes hit a solo homer to left with one out in the fourth inning to make it a 5 - 3 . The Pirates chased De La Rosa in the sixth	True
Barmes hit a solo homer to left with one out in the fourth inning to make it a 5 - 3 . The Pirates chased De La Rosa in the sixth when they cut the lead to 5 - 4 . Robinson Diaz reached on a fielders ' choice and moved to second	False
BOSTON -- Nick Green surprised the Boston Red Sox by overcoming long odds to make the team . On Sunday , he was surprised that his homer won the game . The shortstop who went to spring training as a non-roster player but is now the starter hit the first pitch in the bottom of the ninth	True
Not bad for a 30-year-old who had just one full season in the majors in his 10-year pro career before this season . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) loaded the bases in the ninth	True
The Braves rallied twice to tie the game . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Kelly Johnson led off with a double and scored on Garret Anderson 's single , making it 5 - 5 . In the seventh	True
J. D. Drew gave Boston a short-lived 5 - 4 lead with an RBI single in the seventh one pitch after he took a pitch that appeared to be over the plate for a third strike . Cox came out of the dugout , argued and was thrown out by plate umpire Bill Hohn . So were pitcher Eric O'Flaherty and third baseman Chipper Jones . It was the major league-leading 145th ejection for Cox and his second	False
J. D. Drew gave Boston a short-lived 5 - 4 lead with an RBI single in the seventh one pitch after he took a pitch that appeared to be over the plate for a third strike . Cox came out of the dugout , argued and was thrown out by plate umpire Bill Hohn . So were pitcher Eric O'Flaherty and third baseman Chipper Jones . It was the major league-leading 145th ejection for Cox and his second of the year . Hall of Famer John McGraw is second	False
It was the major league-leading 145th ejection for Cox and his second of the year . Hall of Famer John McGraw is second with 131 . Wakefield allowed Brian McCann 's two - run double in the first	True
It was the major league-leading 145th ejection for Cox and his second of the year . Hall of Famer John McGraw is second with 131 . Wakefield allowed Brian McCann 's two - run double in the first . The Red Sox went ahead with three runs in the first	True
Wakefield allowed Brian McCann 's two - run double in the first . The Red Sox went ahead with three runs in the first off Jair Jurrjens . Dustin Pedroia doubled and took third	False
Ortiz led off with a pop fly . Shortstop Yunel Escobar and Jones looked at each other and the ball dropped between them with neither touching it . Ortiz took second	False
Ortiz led off with a pop fly . Shortstop Yunel Escobar and Jones looked at each other and the ball dropped between them with neither touching it . Ortiz took second when Mark Kotsay was out on a tapper to catcher McCann and third	False
Pujols was a key factor when St. Louis opened the three - game series between the instate rivals Friday night with a 10 - 5 win . The two - time NL MVP had an even bigger role in this one , hitting his 24th homer off Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) in the sixth inning , just missing on two other sharply-hit balls . Pujols ' shot gave St. Louis a 3 - 0 cushion and Greene sealed it in the ninth	True
Kansas City hit few hard balls of him , spending most of the game dribbling grounders into foul territory . Carpenter worked out of a few jams , most notably in the third inning , when he got two weak groundouts and a strikeout to strand Mark Teahen at third	False
Carpenter worked out of a few jams , most notably in the third inning , when he got two weak groundouts and a strikeout to strand Mark Teahen at third after a leadoff triple . Mitch Maier 's two - out double in the eighth chased Carpenter , who allowed a run on three hits and struck out six in 7 2/3 innings . Kansas City cut the lead to 3 - 1 on pinch-hitter Willie Bloomquist 's run-scoring single with two outs in the eighth	True
Kansas City cut the lead to 3 - 1 on pinch-hitter Willie Bloomquist 's run-scoring single with two outs in the eighth , but Mike Jacobs flew out to center with the bases loaded to end the inning . Yadier Molina gave the Cardinals a small cushion with an RBI single off Kyle Farnsworth in the St. Louis ninth	True
Pujols , who attended high school in the area , gave them plenty to cheer about . Of course , he always does against Kansas City . He has a career batting average of .382 against the Royals , with 12 homers and 44 RBIs in 41 games . Pujols hurt Kansas City on Friday night with a two - run single and an intentional walk that set up Ryan Ludwick 's first career grand slam . After almost homering in the first inning , Pujols made sure in the sixth	True
Hill ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs , five hits and walked four in 6 2/3 innings . The lefty baffled a potent lineup with an array of offspeed pitches mixed in with some fastballs . Hill allowed seven runs in 4 2/3 innings in his last two outings . He did n't get out of the first inning on June 7 and did n't reach the fifth	True
Hill allowed seven runs in 4 2/3 innings in his last two outings . He did n't get out of the first inning on June 7 and did n't reach the fifth his last time out . Rookie catcher Matt Wieters hit a two - run double , matching his RBI total in his first 54 at-bats , Nolan Reimold homered and the Orioles won their third	False
Bastardo won his first two career starts on the West Coast , but the hard-throwing lefty is winless in two outings at home . After the Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Bastardo won his first two career starts on the West Coast , but the hard-throwing lefty is winless in two outings at home . After the Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first , the Orioles answered with three runs in the second	True
Bastardo won his first two career starts on the West Coast , but the hard-throwing lefty is winless in two outings at home . After the Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first , the Orioles answered with three runs in the second . Melvin Mora was hit by a pitch with one out and Reimold doubled to left-center . Reimold almost was thrown out at second	False
Wieters followed with a double to deep center , scoring both runners . After Robert Andino grounded out , Hill lined an 0 - 2 pitch to center for an RBI single to give Baltimore a 3 - 2 lead . It was his first hit and RBI since 2007 when he played for the Chicago Cubs . Bastardo retired 10 in a row after Hill 's single until Nick Markakis led off the sixth	True
Bastardo retired 10 in a row after Hill 's single until Nick Markakis led off the sixth with a single . One out later , Aubrey Huff hit an RBI double off the left-field wall to give the Orioles a 4 - 2 lead . Reimold connected off Jack Taschner in the ninth	True
Reimold connected off Jack Taschner in the ninth , and Markakis doubled in a pair of runs to make it 7 - 2 . Jayson Werth ripped a two - run double to right field put the Phillies ahead 2 - 0 . Ryan Howard , who walked , scooted all the way home from first	False
DETROIT -- Marcus Thames was worth the wait . So were both replays . He hit a pair of two - run homers and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 4 Friday night in a rain-shortened game that ended with one out in the bottom of the seventh	True
He hit a pair of two - run homers and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 4 Friday night in a rain-shortened game that ended with one out in the bottom of the seventh . The game was also halted by rain for 2 hours , 3 minutes in the fourth	True
Braden Looper ( 5 - 4 ) allowed seven runs on eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . The Tigers took a 7 - 4 lead in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 7 - 4 lead in the fourth , despite having a replay home run call go against them . With two out and a man on first	False
Miner replaced Galarraga when play began again with a definite mission . Everett made it 8 - 4 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Miner replaced Galarraga when play began again with a definite mission . Everett made it 8 - 4 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth and Thames hit his second two - run homer -- his third	False
Miner replaced Galarraga when play began again with a definite mission . Everett made it 8 - 4 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth and Thames hit his second two - run homer -- his third in two games -- in the seventh	True
The game was delayed again by rain and then called official after a 39-minute wait . Milwaukee jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
Detroit made it 3 - 2 in the bottom half of the inning on Thames ' two - out , two - run homer . Thanks to the night 's first replay , Cabrera tied the game at 3 in the third	True
Thanks to the night 's first replay , Cabrera tied the game at 3 in the third . Cabrera 's drive just over the left-field fence was originally ruled to have bounced off the top of the fence . But Cabrera , Tigers ' manager Jim Leyland and third-base coach Gene Lamont all argued that the ball went over the fence and bounced back off the roof of the bullpen dugout in left field . The umpires then looked at it on instant replay and it was ruled a home run , Cabrera 's 13th	False
The umpires then looked at it on instant replay and it was ruled a home run , Cabrera 's 13th . The Brewers regained a one - run lead in the fourth	True
West ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs in 5 2/3 innings . In his previous start , he pitched eight shutout innings to beat San Francisco for his first major league victory . Matt Lindstrom , the fourth Florida reliever , worked around a leadoff single in the ninth	True
West ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs in 5 2/3 innings . In his previous start , he pitched eight shutout innings to beat San Francisco for his first major league victory . Matt Lindstrom , the fourth Florida reliever , worked around a leadoff single in the ninth to earn his 12 save in 14 chances . He struck out Vernon Wells to strand a runner at second	False
Wells , bumped out of the cleanup spot Friday , is stuck in an 0 - for - 14 rut and has not homered in 134 at-bats , the longest drought of his career . Hanley Ramirez hit an RBI double in the first	True
Wells , bumped out of the cleanup spot Friday , is stuck in an 0 - for - 14 rut and has not homered in 134 at-bats , the longest drought of his career . Hanley Ramirez hit an RBI double in the first and Hermida connected in the third	False
Hanley Ramirez hit an RBI double in the first and Hermida connected in the third for his eighth homer , a two - run shot off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) . Ross made it 5 - 0 with a two - run drive just inside the left-field foul screen in the fourth	True
Ross made it 5 - 0 with a two - run drive just inside the left-field foul screen in the fourth . Janssen allowed eight hits in a season-low 3 2/3 innings . Alex Rios cut it to 5 - 2 with a two - run homer off West in the fourth	True
Ross made it 5 - 0 with a two - run drive just inside the left-field foul screen in the fourth . Janssen allowed eight hits in a season-low 3 2/3 innings . Alex Rios cut it to 5 - 2 with a two - run homer off West in the fourth . Ross made it 6 - 2 when he doubled and scored on Chris Coghlan 's double-play grounder in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays chased West in the bottom half when Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer to right-center , making it 6 - 4 . Toronto cut it to 6 - 5 with an unearned run in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays chased West in the bottom half when Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer to right-center , making it 6 - 4 . Toronto cut it to 6 - 5 with an unearned run in the seventh . After walks put runners at first	False
The Blue Jays chased West in the bottom half when Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer to right-center , making it 6 - 4 . Toronto cut it to 6 - 5 with an unearned run in the seventh . After walks put runners at first and second	False
The Blue Jays chased West in the bottom half when Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer to right-center , making it 6 - 4 . Toronto cut it to 6 - 5 with an unearned run in the seventh . After walks put runners at first and second with one out , Wells hit a potential double-play grounder to third	False
Toronto cut it to 6 - 5 with an unearned run in the seventh . After walks put runners at first and second with one out , Wells hit a potential double-play grounder to third . A throwing error by Wes Helms sent the ball into right field , allowing Marco Scutaro to score . Rios singled to begin the eighth	True
Toronto cut it to 6 - 5 with an unearned run in the seventh . After walks put runners at first and second with one out , Wells hit a potential double-play grounder to third . A throwing error by Wes Helms sent the ball into right field , allowing Marco Scutaro to score . Rios singled to begin the eighth and stole second	False
Toronto cut it to 6 - 5 with an unearned run in the seventh . After walks put runners at first and second with one out , Wells hit a potential double-play grounder to third . A throwing error by Wes Helms sent the ball into right field , allowing Marco Scutaro to score . Rios singled to begin the eighth and stole second , putting the tying run in scoring position . One out later , Rios was thrown out trying to steal third	False
Rios singled to begin the eighth and stole second , putting the tying run in scoring position . One out later , Rios was thrown out trying to steal third by Marlins catcher John Baker . Batting sixth	False
With Rangers starter Scott Feldman out of the game when play resumed after a one - hour , 41-minute delay because of a light failure , Los Angeles immediately scored and went on to a 3 - 1 victory Saturday night . Juan Pierre singled off reliever Eddie Guardado to start the sixth inning when play resumed . The Dodgers leadoff hitter went to third	False
Matt Kemp added a two - run homer for Los Angeles ( 41 - 22 ) , which has the best record in the majors and is the only team that still has n't lost three in a row . Texas designated hitter Andruw Jones , whose lone season with the Dodgers last year was an expensive bust , snapped an 0 - for - 17 slump with a tying solo homer off Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) in the bottom of the sixth	True
`` No , not at all , '' Jones responded when asked if there anything special about homering against the Dodgers . `` He made a mistake over the plate . '' Kemp , who replaced Jones as the Dodgers ' center fielder , connected with two outs in the seventh	True
Kemp , who replaced Jones as the Dodgers ' center fielder , connected with two outs in the seventh off Jason Grilli ( 0 - 1 ) . Los Angeles closer Jonathan Broxton , who missed Friday 's game while being home in Georgia for the birth of his son , worked the ninth	True
But Washington , who like Torre agreed with the delay , said once the stoppage reached an hour that Feldman was done . At the end of the fourth	True
Power company officials had to turn off a transformer at the stadium to replace a breaker on the affected light standard , the one closest to home plate on the first-base side . Those lights had n't come on before then . Rangers officials said it was the first	False
That cross-country move from Atlanta to Hollywood lasted only one year , and the Dodgers released him despite owing him $ 22 million . Jones went to spring training with Texas on a minor league deal before making the team as a DH and fifth outfielder . There were some boos from Dodgers fans when Jones batted in the first	True
Ryan Howard 's solo homer off fill-in closer Ramon Ramirez with one in the ninth tied it , but the Phillies could n't pull out their third straight comeback win in extra innings . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the only batter he faced , Jimmy Rollins , to bounce into a double play to end the 12th	True
Ryan Howard 's solo homer off fill-in closer Ramon Ramirez with one in the ninth tied it , but the Phillies could n't pull out their third straight comeback win in extra innings . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the only batter he faced , Jimmy Rollins , to bounce into a double play to end the 12th . Daniel Bard pitched a scoreless 13th	True
With Jonathan Papelbon unavailable after saving consecutive wins against the New York Yankees the last two nights , the Red Sox turned to Ramirez to protect a 2 - 1 lead . Ramirez struck out Jayson Werth before Howard connected , sending a long drive to the seats in right for his 19th homer . Pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs nearly won it for the Phillies in the 11th	True
With Jonathan Papelbon unavailable after saving consecutive wins against the New York Yankees the last two nights , the Red Sox turned to Ramirez to protect a 2 - 1 lead . Ramirez struck out Jayson Werth before Howard connected , sending a long drive to the seats in right for his 19th homer . Pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs nearly won it for the Phillies in the 11th , but his long drive to right hooked foul at the last second	False
Drew and Youkilis hit opposite-field homers an inning apart to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Drew was booed each time he came up because Philadelphia fans still ca n't forget that he refused to sign with the Phillies after being selected with the second overall pick in the 1997 amateur draft . Pedro Feliz drove in Philadelphia 's first run on a groundout in the second	True
Drew and Youkilis hit opposite-field homers an inning apart to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Drew was booed each time he came up because Philadelphia fans still ca n't forget that he refused to sign with the Phillies after being selected with the second overall pick in the 1997 amateur draft . Pedro Feliz drove in Philadelphia 's first run on a groundout in the second . Lester was unhittable the rest of the way . He struck out the side swinging in the fourth	True
Drew and Youkilis hit opposite-field homers an inning apart to give the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Drew was booed each time he came up because Philadelphia fans still ca n't forget that he refused to sign with the Phillies after being selected with the second overall pick in the 1997 amateur draft . Pedro Feliz drove in Philadelphia 's first run on a groundout in the second . Lester was unhittable the rest of the way . He struck out the side swinging in the fourth and fifth	True
Lester is the first Red Sox pitcher to record double-digit strikeouts in three straight starts since Pedro Martinez did it in August 2004 . He has 34 in that span . Red Sox DH David Ortiz made his first start at first base since the 2007 World Series . Ortiz , who came in hitting just .203 , probably wo n't be in the lineup against two left-handed starters the rest of the series . Youkilis moved to third	False
The right fielder saved his team with a diving catch , moments before Chase Utley 's second homer of the game sent Philadelphia to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets in 11 innings Wednesday night . With a speedy runner on first	False
The right fielder saved his team with a diving catch , moments before Chase Utley 's second homer of the game sent Philadelphia to a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Mets in 11 innings Wednesday night . With a speedy runner on first and two outs in the 10th	True
If the ball gets by him , Fernando Martinez probably scores the winning run . But rather than play it safe and glove the ball on a hop , Werth went all out . Somehow he did , and then Utley led off the 11th	True
New York built a three - run lead against World Series MVP Cole Hamels , who faced the Mets for the first time since calling them `` choke artists '' in the offseason -- the latest in a series of verbal barbs between the NL East rivals . But the Phillies rallied to tie it 4-all in the seventh	True
Chan Ho Park ( 2 - 1 ) worked two scoreless innings for the win -- with help from Werth . Subbing for injured closer Brad Lidge , Ryan Madson got three quick outs for his third save . The Mets stranded a season-high 16 runners , eight from innings seven through 10 . Still , they nearly won it in the 10th	True
The Mets stranded a season-high 16 runners , eight from innings seven through 10 . Still , they nearly won it in the 10th on Wright 's liner . Wright , who had three hits and two stolen bases , yanked off his helmet in frustration at first base after Werth 's diving catch . Wright also made a key error in the seventh	True
Wright , who had three hits and two stolen bases , yanked off his helmet in frustration at first base after Werth 's diving catch . Wright also made a key error in the seventh . Jimmy Rollins went 0 for 5 with an RBI for the Phillies in his return to the leadoff spot after two games batting sixth	False
Even though Jim Thome hit his 552nd career home run , Chicago lost for the eighth time in 10 games to fall 6 1/2 games behind AL Central-leading Detroit . The White Sox got only two other men as far as third base -- and Verlander made sure neither would score . With Brian Anderson on third	False
Even though Jim Thome hit his 552nd career home run , Chicago lost for the eighth time in 10 games to fall 6 1/2 games behind AL Central-leading Detroit . The White Sox got only two other men as far as third base -- and Verlander made sure neither would score . With Brian Anderson on third and one out in the sixth	True
Even though Jim Thome hit his 552nd career home run , Chicago lost for the eighth time in 10 games to fall 6 1/2 games behind AL Central-leading Detroit . The White Sox got only two other men as far as third base -- and Verlander made sure neither would score . With Brian Anderson on third and one out in the sixth , Verlander retired Alexei Ramirez on a pop-up before striking out Jermaine Dye with a perfectly located , 98 mph fastball . Chris Getz was on third	False
Even though Jim Thome hit his 552nd career home run , Chicago lost for the eighth time in 10 games to fall 6 1/2 games behind AL Central-leading Detroit . The White Sox got only two other men as far as third base -- and Verlander made sure neither would score . With Brian Anderson on third and one out in the sixth , Verlander retired Alexei Ramirez on a pop-up before striking out Jermaine Dye with a perfectly located , 98 mph fastball . Chris Getz was on third with two outs in the eighth	False
Indeed , Verlander is 7 - 0 with a league-low 1.10 ERA since April 27 . The seven - decision streak matched his career best of 2006 , when he helped Detroit reach the World Series . Danks ( 4 - 5 ) gave up five hits and struck out seven in his best performance in six weeks . The only runs he allowed came on Adam Everett 's sixth-inning homer and a bases-loaded walk to Ryan Raburn in the seventh	True
Beckett struck out Jorge Posada to end the inning , then retired the last six batters he faced , fanning three of them , for his third consecutive victory . In all , only three batters hit the ball out of the infield against him . Brett Gardner had the Yankees ' only other hit , off Manny Delcarmen in the eighth	True
Brett Gardner had the Yankees ' only other hit , off Manny Delcarmen in the eighth . A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three earned runs on five walks and five hits before leaving with two outs in the third	True
Brett Gardner had the Yankees ' only other hit , off Manny Delcarmen in the eighth . A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three earned runs on five walks and five hits before leaving with two outs in the third and taking out his frustrations on a dugout watercooler . He gave up Ortiz 's two - run shot to straightaway center field in Boston 's four - run second	True
Burnett walked Mike Lowell to start the inning , then Ortiz hit a 2 - 2 pitch over the high center field wall about 400 feet from home plate . Responding to the fans ' `` Papi ! '' chants , he came out for a curtain call . It was the second homer in three games for the struggling slugger , who hit 54 in 2006 but has been moved from third	False
Burnett walked Mike Lowell to start the inning , then Ortiz hit a 2 - 2 pitch over the high center field wall about 400 feet from home plate . Responding to the fans ' `` Papi ! '' chants , he came out for a curtain call . It was the second homer in three games for the struggling slugger , who hit 54 in 2006 but has been moved from third to sixth	False
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers got one hit in the final four innings Sunday . That was all they needed . Clete Thomas ' eighth-inning grand slam -- the first	False
Clete Thomas ' eighth-inning grand slam -- the first of his career -- broke open a tie game after the Tigers took advantage of a key error by first baseman Kendry Morales in a 9 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Angels . The Angels led 5 - 4 going into the bottom of the eighth	True
Thomas did n't start the game , but Leyland inserted him as a pinch runner for Miguel Cabrera in the fourth inning . Cabrera had been limited to pinch-hitting duties since injuring his hamstring earlier in the week , and Leyland regretted the decision to put him in the lineup . The Angels took the lead in the eighth	True
The Angels took the lead in the eighth when Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) walked Howie Kendrick with the bases loaded . Juan Rivera made it 9 - 6 with a two - out RBI double in the ninth	True
The Tigers loaded the bases in the bottom half on two singles and a walk , and Brandon Inge pulled Detroit within a run with a two - out single . Detroit stranded six runners in the first three innings but took a 4 - 3 lead on Adam Everett 's two - run single with the bases loaded in the third	True
Detroit stranded six runners in the first three innings but took a 4 - 3 lead on Adam Everett 's two - run single with the bases loaded in the third . Porcello left after giving up a leadoff double to Morales in the sixth	True
Porcello left after giving up a leadoff double to Morales in the sixth . Fellow rookie Ryan Perry got the first two outs , but Erick Aybar tied it with a single to left . The Angels chased Perry with a pair of singles to start the seventh	False
Braun said the Brewers were trying to get a feel for Hanson early in the game . Hanson struck out the side in the second	True
Hanson struck out the side in the second with his fastball clocked at 96 mph . The Braves trailed 7 - 5 before scoring three runs in the eighth	True
Brian McCann 's pinch-hit double drove in Martin Prado . Nate McLouth added a tying double and scored the go-ahead run on Yunel Escobar 's single to left . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Brian McCann 's pinch-hit double drove in Martin Prado . Nate McLouth added a tying double and scored the go-ahead run on Yunel Escobar 's single to left . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for Atlanta . Mike Gonzalez pitched the ninth	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for Atlanta . Mike Gonzalez pitched the ninth for his eighth save . The Braves led 5 - 3 before Braun and Cameron hit two - run homers off Hanson in a four - run sixth inning . Braun hit another two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Brewers shut out the Braves in the first two games of the series , the second time this season Atlanta has suffered back-to-back shutout losses . The Braves ended their streak of 22 scoreless innings in the first	True
The Braves ended their streak of 22 scoreless innings in the first when Escobar hit a single and scored on Jones ' triple to center . Jones ' sinking liner skipped past Cameron in center field . Cameron tried to make the catch and then had to turn around and run back toward the wall . Jones ' homer gave Atlanta a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Pitching on the third anniversary of his first overall selection in the 2006 draft , Hochevar lowered his ERA from 10.80 to 7.85 . Kyle Farnsworth relieved Hochevar in the seventh	True
Pitching on the third anniversary of his first overall selection in the 2006 draft , Hochevar lowered his ERA from 10.80 to 7.85 . Kyle Farnsworth relieved Hochevar in the seventh with two outs and runners at second	False
Pitching on the third anniversary of his first overall selection in the 2006 draft , Hochevar lowered his ERA from 10.80 to 7.85 . Kyle Farnsworth relieved Hochevar in the seventh with two outs and runners at second and third	False
Pitching on the third anniversary of his first overall selection in the 2006 draft , Hochevar lowered his ERA from 10.80 to 7.85 . Kyle Farnsworth relieved Hochevar in the seventh with two outs and runners at second and third and got Raul Chavez to ground out on his first pitch . Farnsworth also worked the eighth	True
Scott Richmond ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings for Toronto . He dropped to 0 - 3 with a 5.40 ERA in his last six games , five starts . Chavez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Scott Richmond ( 4 - 3 ) allowed five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings for Toronto . He dropped to 0 - 3 with a 5.40 ERA in his last six games , five starts . Chavez hit a two - run homer in the third and Richmond shut out the Royals before they scored five times in the fifth	True
Chavez hit a two - run homer in the third and Richmond shut out the Royals before they scored five times in the fifth . After Teahen hit a tying two - run drive , Alberto Callaspo doubled over Lind in left and took third	False
After Teahen hit a tying two - run drive , Alberto Callaspo doubled over Lind in left and took third on a grounder . Richmond then walked Mitch Maier and David DeJesus before Bloomquist tripled into left-center to make it 5 - 2 . Teahen added a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
John Smoltz ( 2 - 4 ) earned his second victory in seven starts for Boston despite allowing five runs and eight hits in six innings . The 42-year-old Smoltz was 0 - 1 with a 7.00 ERA in two previous appearances against Baltimore this season . Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth	True
Guthrie gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . The three homers he allowed upped his AL-leading total to 26 , surpassing the number he surrendered last year . Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the second	True
Guthrie gave up six runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . The three homers he allowed upped his AL-leading total to 26 , surpassing the number he surrendered last year . Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the second but got only one run , on a sacrifice fly by Nick Green . Ortiz made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
In the bottom half , the Orioles got a run on a throwing error by Green at shortstop before Reimold hit a two - run homer . The drive , which hit the top of the 25-foot wall in right field , was confirmed to be a home run after a review by the umpire crew . Ellsbury put the Red Sox up 4 - 3 by leading off the fifth	True
Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He and Lackey faced each other once before , on July 23 , 2008 , when Laffey lost a 14 - 11 decision in Anaheim . Kendrick singled home a run in the first	True
Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He and Lackey faced each other once before , on July 23 , 2008 , when Laffey lost a 14 - 11 decision in Anaheim . Kendrick singled home a run in the first , added a two - run single off reliever Chris Perez in the fifth	True
Laffey ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings . He and Lackey faced each other once before , on July 23 , 2008 , when Laffey lost a 14 - 11 decision in Anaheim . Kendrick singled home a run in the first , added a two - run single off reliever Chris Perez in the fifth and capped his day with a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The AL West-leading Angels reached the 100-game mark with a 60 - 40 record , one win shy of last season at this stage . They have played better than .500 ball during the first 100 games in each of Scioscia 's 10 seasons as manager , reaching the 60-win plateau three times . Laffey needed an astounding 43 pitches to get out of a two - run first	True
Whether it was a setup or not , only Suzuki knows . But Downs was baited into throwing the same pitch again and Suzuki delivered , adding a new accolade to his list of accomplishments . Suzuki dumped Downs ' 0 - 2 pitch into center field with two outs in the ninth	True
Suzuki dumped Downs ' 0 - 2 pitch into center field with two outs in the ninth to score Rob Johnson , and the Mariners snapped their four - game losing streak with a 4 - 3 win over the Blue Jays on Tuesday night . The 1,953rd hit of Suzuki 's major league career was his first	False
The 1,953rd hit of Suzuki 's major league career was his first that ended a game and like many others , Suzuki was the only one who could have hit it . The pitch from Downs ( 1 - 3 ) broke sharply downward and Suzuki had to golf it over the head of shortstop Marco Scutaro and in front of center fielder Vernon Wells . Seattle reliever Mark Lowe gave up two runs as part of an eighth-inning collapse that saw the Blue Jays pull even at 3-all . Seattle loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth	True
Seattle reliever Mark Lowe gave up two runs as part of an eighth-inning collapse that saw the Blue Jays pull even at 3-all . Seattle loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth and then failed in two chances to win it before Suzuki came through . Jose Lopez , with two game-winning hits already this season , had the first chance . Pinch-hitting for rookie Michael Saunders , Lopez hit a chopper to Scott Rolen at third	False
Seattle reliever Mark Lowe gave up two runs as part of an eighth-inning collapse that saw the Blue Jays pull even at 3-all . Seattle loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth and then failed in two chances to win it before Suzuki came through . Jose Lopez , with two game-winning hits already this season , had the first chance . Pinch-hitting for rookie Michael Saunders , Lopez hit a chopper to Scott Rolen at third , who threw home to get Jack Hannahan . It was Hannahan 's third hit of the game to open the ninth	True
`` Did you see the pitch ? '' Seattle manager Don Wakamatsu wondered . `` It was about an inch off the ground . He never ceases to amaze me . '' Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) got the victory , giving up a single to start the ninth	True
Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn appeared on his way to a fifth straight victory , but his hopes at extending the streak and potentially having a winning send off to his time in Seattle -- should he get traded -- was ruined by the eighth-inning collapse . Washburn held Toronto scoreless through six innings and left following the seventh	True
Washburn held Toronto scoreless through six innings and left following the seventh with a 3 - 1 lead after giving up just one run and five hits . With scouts from a handful of contenders in the Safeco Field stands , Washburn stymied the Blue Jays for five innings , then wiggled out of jams in the sixth	True
Washburn held Toronto scoreless through six innings and left following the seventh with a 3 - 1 lead after giving up just one run and five hits . With scouts from a handful of contenders in the Safeco Field stands , Washburn stymied the Blue Jays for five innings , then wiggled out of jams in the sixth and seventh	True
With scouts from a handful of contenders in the Safeco Field stands , Washburn stymied the Blue Jays for five innings , then wiggled out of jams in the sixth and seventh . Now he 'll wait like everyone else to see if he stays in Seattle or moves on elsewhere . Lowe started the eighth allowing consecutive doubles to Scutaro and Hill , cutting the deficit to 3 - 2 . After getting two pop ups , Alex Rios hit a shot just inside the bag at third	False
Facing Seattle for the first time , Toronto rookie Marc Rzepczynski allowed two hits and struck out eight through five innings , retiring 11 straight at one point . But Marc Rzepczynski could n't get out of the sixth	True
Seattle entered the weekend seven games over .500 mostly because of a pitching staff that has made up for a light-hitting offense all season . Those arms took a beating during a warm weekend where the myth of Safeco Field being unfriendly to the long ball was debunked by the Indians . Facing its eighth straight lefty starter in Seattle 's Jason Vargas , Sizemore lined the sixth pitch of the game into the right field seats for his 14th homer of the season . Peralta broke the game open with his grand slam in the fifth	True
Seattle entered the weekend seven games over .500 mostly because of a pitching staff that has made up for a light-hitting offense all season . Those arms took a beating during a warm weekend where the myth of Safeco Field being unfriendly to the long ball was debunked by the Indians . Facing its eighth straight lefty starter in Seattle 's Jason Vargas , Sizemore lined the sixth pitch of the game into the right field seats for his 14th homer of the season . Peralta broke the game open with his grand slam in the fifth that greeted reliever Shawn Kelley . It was Peralta 's seventh homer this season and first since July 8 . And Travis Hafner and Ben Francisco added back-to-back shots in the sixth	True
Starter Micah Owings left after three innings due to shoulder tightness and right fielder Chris Dickerson hurt his shoulder while diving in a failed attempt to catch Koyie Hill 's eighth-inning triple . Cincinnati already has seven players on the DL . Making things even more frustrating , the Reds had a potential rally snuffed out in their eighth	True
Owings ( 6 - 11 ) gave up two runs on three hits and four walks -- including one to Fukudome with the bases loaded -- in matching his shortest outing this season . The Cubs went ahead 5 - 1 in their eighth	True
Penny allowed just one unearned run , striking out four and walking none for his first victory since June 17 . He lowered his ERA at home to 4.02 , compared to 5.51 on the road , a performance that might help him stay in Boston beyond next week 's trade deadline . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Penny allowed just one unearned run , striking out four and walking none for his first victory since June 17 . He lowered his ERA at home to 4.02 , compared to 5.51 on the road , a performance that might help him stay in Boston beyond next week 's trade deadline . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth , earning his 25th save in 27 tries despite putting runners on first	False
Penny allowed just one unearned run , striking out four and walking none for his first victory since June 17 . He lowered his ERA at home to 4.02 , compared to 5.51 on the road , a performance that might help him stay in Boston beyond next week 's trade deadline . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth , earning his 25th save in 27 tries despite putting runners on first and third	False
Nolan Reimold had three hits and a walk and scored the Orioles ' only run as they fell to 1 - 15 on the road against division opponents this season -- 2 - 26 dating to 2008 . Brad Bergesen ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs on nine hits and three walks , striking out five in six innings as Baltimore lost to Boston for the 10th time in 11 games . Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia each had a pair of hits for Boston and helped Penny out in the field . Pedroia made a diving stop on Aubrey Huff 's fourth-inning grounder to second	False
Nolan Reimold had three hits and a walk and scored the Orioles ' only run as they fell to 1 - 15 on the road against division opponents this season -- 2 - 26 dating to 2008 . Brad Bergesen ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs on nine hits and three walks , striking out five in six innings as Baltimore lost to Boston for the 10th time in 11 games . Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia each had a pair of hits for Boston and helped Penny out in the field . Pedroia made a diving stop on Aubrey Huff 's fourth-inning grounder to second and scampered to his feet to make the throw to first	False
Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia each had a pair of hits for Boston and helped Penny out in the field . Pedroia made a diving stop on Aubrey Huff 's fourth-inning grounder to second and scampered to his feet to make the throw to first in time . Ellsbury made a diving catch on Adam Jones ' sinking liner in the third	True
Ellsbury tried to score on Pedroia 's single , but Nick Markakis threw him out at the plate . It was Markakis ' major league-leading 11th outfield assist of the season . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Ellsbury tried to score on Pedroia 's single , but Nick Markakis threw him out at the plate . It was Markakis ' major league-leading 11th outfield assist of the season . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mora 's sacrifice fly . J. D. Drew singled to lead off the fourth	True
Ellsbury tried to score on Pedroia 's single , but Nick Markakis threw him out at the plate . It was Markakis ' major league-leading 11th outfield assist of the season . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mora 's sacrifice fly . J. D. Drew singled to lead off the fourth for Boston , went to third	False
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mora 's sacrifice fly . J. D. Drew singled to lead off the fourth for Boston , went to third on Mike Lowell 's double and scored on Jason Varitek 's single . Jed Lowrie hit a sacrifice fly to score Lowell and make it 2 - 0 . Drew 's hit snapped an 0 - for - 24 slump . He also had an RBI groundout in the fifth	True
TORONTO -- The way Roy Halladay sees it , he expects he will still be pitching for the Toronto Blue Jays when the trade deadline passes . If Friday night 's game was his last with Toronto he gave the crowd of 24,151 one more solid effort , going nine innings before Tampa Bay scored twice in 10th	True
Beeston wanted to keep a lid on things after Ricciardi said Thursday that Halladay 's desire to test free agency was the team 's primary reason for seeking a trade . Halladay , who has a full no-trade clause , can become a free agent after the 2010 season . With one out in the 10th	True
Beeston wanted to keep a lid on things after Ricciardi said Thursday that Halladay 's desire to test free agency was the team 's primary reason for seeking a trade . Halladay , who has a full no-trade clause , can become a free agent after the 2010 season . With one out in the 10th , B. J. Upton of the Rays reached on a fielder 's choice and went to second	False
Halladay got his first standing ovation of the night before the game started , with fans rising to applaud as he walked in from the bullpen . After being on the receiving end of Chicago 's Mark Buehrle 's perfect game Thursday , Crawford made sure the Rays would not go without a baserunner for the second straight day by singling up the middle in the first	True
After being on the receiving end of Chicago 's Mark Buehrle 's perfect game Thursday , Crawford made sure the Rays would not go without a baserunner for the second straight day by singling up the middle in the first . Consecutive sacrifice flies by Crawford and Longoria gave the Rays a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Ricky Nolasco struck out 10 and combined with three relievers on a three - hitter Wednesday , leading the Marlins to a 5 - 0 win that completed a three - game sweep . Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer off Heath Bell in the ninth	True
Ricky Nolasco struck out 10 and combined with three relievers on a three - hitter Wednesday , leading the Marlins to a 5 - 0 win that completed a three - game sweep . Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer off Heath Bell in the ninth and Jeremy Hermida connected leading off the second	True
And the Padres ? They had to fly to Washington , and will bus to Philadelphia on Thursday to make up a game that was rained out on April 20 . They 'll bus back to Washington for a weekend set featuring the two worst teams in the NL . The Padres are 12 - 33 since June 1 , the worst record in the majors over that stretch . They had five rookies in Wednesday 's lineup , including Geer ( 1 - 6 ) , and were booed after leaving the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Nolasco ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two hits in 6 1/3 innings and walked three for his fifth win in six decisions . It was his seventh career game of 10 or more strikeouts and first since he fanned 12 in a 5 - 0 win at Pittsburgh on July 5 . He had the listless Padres off balance from the start , striking out the side in the first inning , sandwiched around a two - out walk to Adrian Gonzalez . He struck out two more in the second	True
Nolasco was n't happy with the walks , but was pleased with his slider . After Blanks ' single , Nolasco retired 14 straight until Gonzalez walked leading off the seventh	True
Geer lost his third consecutive start and fifth straight decision . He allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . Hermida homered down the right-field line on a 1 - 2 pitch , his 11th	False
Geer lost his third consecutive start and fifth straight decision . He allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . Hermida homered down the right-field line on a 1 - 2 pitch , his 11th of the year . Coghlan 's homer to right-center was his fourth	False
Hermida homered down the right-field line on a 1 - 2 pitch , his 11th of the year . Coghlan 's homer to right-center was his fourth . Dan Uggla hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Hermida homered down the right-field line on a 1 - 2 pitch , his 11th of the year . Coghlan 's homer to right-center was his fourth . Dan Uggla hit an RBI single in the sixth , and Florida scored a run on a throwing error by San Diego shortstop Everth Cabrera in the eighth	True
It 's the Nationals ' first winning streak under interim manager Jim Riggleman , who took over when Manny Acta was fired July 13 . Washington lost its first five games under Riggleman before beating the Mets 4 - 0 on Tuesday night behind John Lannan . Stammen ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits over 7 1/3 innings . He retired the first 12 batters before David Wright led off the fifth	True
Stammen ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and four hits over 7 1/3 innings . He retired the first 12 batters before David Wright led off the fifth with a single to center . Willingham 's 13th homer gave the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
New York totaled just one run in the last two games against the Nationals , whose 5.09 ERA is the highest in the NL and 29th in the majors , ahead of only Cleveland . Stammen left after pinch-hitter Jeremy Reed doubled and Angel Pagan walked in the eighth	True
New York totaled just one run in the last two games against the Nationals , whose 5.09 ERA is the highest in the NL and 29th in the majors , ahead of only Cleveland . Stammen left after pinch-hitter Jeremy Reed doubled and Angel Pagan walked in the eighth . Jason Bergmann got Fernando Tatis to foul out to first	False
New York totaled just one run in the last two games against the Nationals , whose 5.09 ERA is the highest in the NL and 29th in the majors , ahead of only Cleveland . Stammen left after pinch-hitter Jeremy Reed doubled and Angel Pagan walked in the eighth . Jason Bergmann got Fernando Tatis to foul out to first and Joe Beimel retired Daniel Murphy on a fly ball to end the inning . Mike MacDougal then worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Mike Pelfrey ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and six hits over seven innings , but lost for the third time in four starts . The Mets have dropped five of seven . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Ronnie Belliard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets responded in the sixth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Ronnie Belliard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets responded in the sixth when Pagan sliced a two - out triple into left-center and scored when shortstop Cristian Guzman 's wild relay got past third	False
Not known for his slugging , the shortstop hit two of Toronto 's season-high five home runs and matched a career-high with four RBIs , leading the Blue Jays to a 10 - 6 win over the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday . Scutaro had a solo homer in the fifth	True
Not known for his slugging , the shortstop hit two of Toronto 's season-high five home runs and matched a career-high with four RBIs , leading the Blue Jays to a 10 - 6 win over the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday . Scutaro had a solo homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Romero ( 8 - 4 ) got the win , allowing four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . The rookie left-hander matched a season high with five walks and struck out two . Down 7 - 1 in the sixth	True
Scutaro answered in the bottom half with a drive off Jose Veras that barely cleared the wall in left . Cleveland scored twice in the seventh	True
Cleveland scored twice in the seventh off Jesse Carlson before Brandon League struck out Valbuena looking to end the threat . Wells made it 1-all with a homer to left in the second	True
Cleveland scored twice in the seventh off Jesse Carlson before Brandon League struck out Valbuena looking to end the threat . Wells made it 1-all with a homer to left in the second , his 10th	False
Cleveland scored twice in the seventh off Jesse Carlson before Brandon League struck out Valbuena looking to end the threat . Wells made it 1-all with a homer to left in the second , his 10th and Hill gave Toronto the lead with leadoff shot in the fourth	False
Wells made it 1-all with a homer to left in the second , his 10th and Hill gave Toronto the lead with leadoff shot in the fourth , his team-high 21st . The Blue Jays chased Pavano with a five - run fifth	True
Wells made it 1-all with a homer to left in the second , his 10th and Hill gave Toronto the lead with leadoff shot in the fourth , his team-high 21st . The Blue Jays chased Pavano with a five - run fifth , including two more homers . Rios led off with a mammoth drive off the center-field restaurant , his 11th	False
The Red Sox were n't able to tee off this time against Hunter , who threw a lot of changeups . Boston 's only run against Hunter came in the sixth	True
Boston 's only run against Hunter came in the sixth when Dustin Pedroia had a two - out single and Kevin Youkilis followed with a double into the right-center gap . David Ortiz , who had been thrown out in the second trying to extend a leadoff single , then hit an infield popup on Hunter 's last pitch . Hank Blalock put Texas ahead to stay with a two - run single in the first	True
Boston 's only run against Hunter came in the sixth when Dustin Pedroia had a two - out single and Kevin Youkilis followed with a double into the right-center gap . David Ortiz , who had been thrown out in the second trying to extend a leadoff single , then hit an infield popup on Hunter 's last pitch . Hank Blalock put Texas ahead to stay with a two - run single in the first , though the Texas-born Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) retired 13 batters in a row after that until Michael Young 's one - out single in the sixth	True
Hank Blalock put Texas ahead to stay with a two - run single in the first , though the Texas-born Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) retired 13 batters in a row after that until Michael Young 's one - out single in the sixth . Kinsler had a leadoff double and Jones a two - out walk in the first	True
Kinsler had a leadoff double and Jones a two - out walk in the first before both advanced on a double steal . Blalock then pulled a liner through the right side of the infield . Andruw Jones had a leadoff double in the seventh	True
Kinsler had a leadoff double and Jones a two - out walk in the first before both advanced on a double steal . Blalock then pulled a liner through the right side of the infield . Andruw Jones had a leadoff double in the seventh for Texas and scored on David Murphy 's flyball to shallow left . Marlon Byrd added a two - out RBI single in the eighth	False
The right-hander was 4 - 0 with a 1.63 ERA his previous five starts , including another shutout . He had been 6 - 0 in games following Boston losses . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth	True
Looper ( 9 - 4 ) walked three -- one intentionally -- and had one strikeout . Mike DiFelice and Mitch Stetter combined to work a perfect eighth	True
Looper ( 9 - 4 ) walked three -- one intentionally -- and had one strikeout . Mike DiFelice and Mitch Stetter combined to work a perfect eighth and Trevor Hoffman earned his 22nd save in 24 opportunities by retiring the side in order in the ninth	True
Mike DiFelice and Mitch Stetter combined to work a perfect eighth and Trevor Hoffman earned his 22nd save in 24 opportunities by retiring the side in order in the ninth . Fielder , whose 86 RBIs is second	False
Mike DiFelice and Mitch Stetter combined to work a perfect eighth and Trevor Hoffman earned his 22nd save in 24 opportunities by retiring the side in order in the ninth . Fielder , whose 86 RBIs is second in the NL , lined a single down the first-base line in the fifth	True
Fielder , whose 86 RBIs is second in the NL , lined a single down the first-base line in the fifth to drive in Counsell for the first time . In the seventh	True
Although Pittsburgh never advanced a runner past second base against Looper , the Pirates were only retired in order twice by him and had numerous opportunities to score . Adam LaRoche ( second inning ) and Delwyn Young ( fifth ) both hit one - out doubles but were stranded . In the sixth	True
Adam LaRoche ( second inning ) and Delwyn Young ( fifth ) both hit one - out doubles but were stranded . In the sixth , Looper walked Andrew McCutchen and Garrett Jones before two were out , but Pittsburgh 's Nos . 4 - 5 hitters -- Ryan Doumit and LaRoche -- failed to advance them . In the seventh	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Michael Cuddyer slid into third	True
Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings for the win in this pitcher 's duel , a far cry from the offensive slugfest these teams exhibited a night earlier in Oakland 's 14 - 13 comeback victory . All-Star Joe Nathan finished for his 26th save in 28 chances and 20th straight . Delmon Young hit an RBI triple in the fourth	True
There were only 11 hits Tuesday and runs were tough to come by . Gardenhire was n't worried about his team moving forward from a pair of tough losses . The Twins lost in 12 innings Sunday at Texas . Wuertz pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
There were only 11 hits Tuesday and runs were tough to come by . Gardenhire was n't worried about his team moving forward from a pair of tough losses . The Twins lost in 12 innings Sunday at Texas . Wuertz pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Bailey followed with a perfect ninth	True
There were only 11 hits Tuesday and runs were tough to come by . Gardenhire was n't worried about his team moving forward from a pair of tough losses . The Twins lost in 12 innings Sunday at Texas . Wuertz pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Bailey followed with a perfect ninth before running into trouble in the 10th	True
Wuertz pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Bailey followed with a perfect ninth before running into trouble in the 10th . The A 's took the early lead Tuesday on Adam Kennedy 's RBI groundout and a run-scoring single by Orlando Cabrera in the third	True
He had won two of his last three starts , but was tagged for a career-high 10 hits in five innings of a 6 - 2 loss to the Los Angeles Angels last Thursday . The left-hander and Oakland Opening Day starter came into Tuesday 's outing with the second-lowest run support in the American League at 3.45 . Twins starter Anthony Swarzak also hung tough and was helped by double plays in the first	True
He had won two of his last three starts , but was tagged for a career-high 10 hits in five innings of a 6 - 2 loss to the Los Angeles Angels last Thursday . The left-hander and Oakland Opening Day starter came into Tuesday 's outing with the second-lowest run support in the American League at 3.45 . Twins starter Anthony Swarzak also hung tough and was helped by double plays in the first , second	True
He had won two of his last three starts , but was tagged for a career-high 10 hits in five innings of a 6 - 2 loss to the Los Angeles Angels last Thursday . The left-hander and Oakland Opening Day starter came into Tuesday 's outing with the second-lowest run support in the American League at 3.45 . Twins starter Anthony Swarzak also hung tough and was helped by double plays in the first , second and fifth	True
Matsui lined a a 2 - 2 pitch into the right-field seats off Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) for his second game-ending homer in the majors -- the other was as a rookie on July 17 , 2003 , against Cleveland 's David Riske . A. J. Burnett got Matsui with a whipped cream pie in front of the Yankees dugout . New York ( 55 - 37 ) , which tied Boston atop the AL East for only the second time since early June , stretched its post All-Star-break winning streak to four and moved 18 games over .500 for first time since the end of 2007 season ( 94 - 68 ) . The Yankees got some stellar defense , throwing out runners at the plate on consecutive pitches in the eighth	True
New York ( 55 - 37 ) , which tied Boston atop the AL East for only the second time since early June , stretched its post All-Star-break winning streak to four and moved 18 games over .500 for first time since the end of 2007 season ( 94 - 68 ) . The Yankees got some stellar defense , throwing out runners at the plate on consecutive pitches in the eighth to keep the score tied at 1 . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) escaped a two - on jam in the ninth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) escaped a two - on jam in the ninth when Nolan Reimold hit an inning-ending flyout . Matsui then homered with one out in the ninth	False
Nick Markakis hit a first-inning homer off Andy Pettitte , and Eric Hinske 's second-inning homer against Baltimore 's David Hernandez tied it . The three homers raised the total at new Yankee Stadium to 152 in 46 games , just eight shy of the total hit all of last season at New York 's old home . Cesar Izturis ' one - out single and Brian Roberts ' double off the right-field wall chased Pettitte in the eighth	True
Milwaukee had five batters called out on strikes overall . The series matched a pair of NL Central teams that went into the All-Star break on pronounced downturns . Milwaukee fell out of first place in the NL Central during its slide , while the Reds fell to fifth	False
The series matched a pair of NL Central teams that went into the All-Star break on pronounced downturns . Milwaukee fell out of first place in the NL Central during its slide , while the Reds fell to fifth . Milwaukee has n't won back-to-back games since June 29 - 30 . Prince Fielder , who won the All-Star Home Run Derby earlier in the week , hit his second homer of the series and had three hits overall . His two - run shot off Johnny Cueto put the Brewers up 3 - 2 in the third	True
First baseman Lance Berkman , who leads Houston with 18 homers , did n't start because of a mild strain of his left calf . But the Astros staked Oswalt to an early 7 - 0 lead and won for the seventh time in their last nine games at Dodger Stadium . Oswalt ( 6 - 4 ) threw 105 pitches en route to his 16th complete game in 261 career starts and third	False
Since May 29 , the Astros are 28 - 16 while the Dodgers are 22 - 19 . But Los Angeles still owns the best record in the majors at 56 - 33 , with a 6 1/2 game lead over San Francisco . Torre , whose relief corps has pitched a major league-high 312 1/3 innings , was forced to go to his bullpen with two outs in the second	True
In his previous start against the Astros on April 23 at Houston , Billingsley pitched 7 1/3 innings of three - hit ball . But in the rematch , he threw 33 of his 52 pitches in the first inning while giving up four runs on six consecutive two - out hits . Tejada homered to left-center with two outs in the first	True
In his previous start against the Astros on April 23 at Houston , Billingsley pitched 7 1/3 innings of three - hit ball . But in the rematch , he threw 33 of his 52 pitches in the first inning while giving up four runs on six consecutive two - out hits . Tejada homered to left-center with two outs in the first for his eighth	False
Tejada homered to left-center with two outs in the first for his eighth of the season . Hunter Pence added a two - run double and Rodriguez singled home the fourth run . The Dodgers came into the game having outscored their opponents 70 - 29 in the opening inning . Geoff Blum , who came in 2 for 17 with no RBIs against Billingsley , knocked him out of the game with a two - run double , and Rodriguez led off the third	True
The Phils were up 4 - 1 when Hamels left after a rain delay of one hour , 18 minutes midway through the sixth inning . With the score 4-all , Jimmy Rollins led off the 12th	True
The Phils were up 4 - 1 when Hamels left after a rain delay of one hour , 18 minutes midway through the sixth inning . With the score 4-all , Jimmy Rollins led off the 12th with a single against Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 4 ) , took second	False
With the score 4-all , Jimmy Rollins led off the 12th with a single against Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 4 ) , took second on a sacrifice and came home on Utley 's single . Utley advanced on a groundout , and following an intentional walk , Werth singled home another run . Brad Lidge , pitching for the first time in a week , struggled to earn his 19th save in 25 chances . He walked two and gave up a run on a wild pitch before Dan Uggla grounded into the final out with a runner at third	False
Brad Lidge , pitching for the first time in a week , struggled to earn his 19th save in 25 chances . He walked two and gave up a run on a wild pitch before Dan Uggla grounded into the final out with a runner at third at 12:34 a.m . Philadelphia 's Chad Durbin allowed the first two batters to reach in the bottom of the ninth	False
Philadelphia 's Chad Durbin allowed the first two batters to reach in the bottom of the ninth , then retired the next three to preserve a tie . Florida stranded 13 runners , including seven in innings seven through nine . Clay Condrey ( 5 - 2 ) , activated from the disabled list before the game , allowed one hit in the 11th	True
Philadelphia improved to 28 - 15 on the road , best in the majors . Utley also hit a two - run shot in the first inning for his 21st homer . Werth and Pedro Feliz had RBI hits in the fourth	True
Hamels allowed four hits and threw 52 of his 68 pitches for strikes but remained winless in five career starts in Miami . The Marlins tied it with two runs in the eighth	True
Nolasco pitched six innings and gave up seven hits , including four in a row in the fourth inning . Ryan Howard and Raul Ibanez singled , Werth hit an RBI single and Feliz doubled home a run for a 4 - 1 lead . Coghlan hit the Marlins ' first leadoff first-inning homer of the season . Pinch-hitter Ross Gload singled home a run in the seventh	True
Nolasco pitched six innings and gave up seven hits , including four in a row in the fourth inning . Ryan Howard and Raul Ibanez singled , Werth hit an RBI single and Feliz doubled home a run for a 4 - 1 lead . Coghlan hit the Marlins ' first leadoff first-inning homer of the season . Pinch-hitter Ross Gload singled home a run in the seventh , and Paulino hit a two - out RBI single -- his third hit -- in the eighth	True
Lowe ( 8 - 7 ) was 0 - 4 in five starts since beating the Pittsburgh Pirates on June 9 . He ended his personal skid with what he said was his best game all season . He gave up one run and four hits , struck out five and walked one . He left after a 52-minute rain delay that began at the end of the sixth inning . Lowe 's sinker got him out of trouble in the fifth	True
Lowe ( 8 - 7 ) was 0 - 4 in five starts since beating the Pittsburgh Pirates on June 9 . He ended his personal skid with what he said was his best game all season . He gave up one run and four hits , struck out five and walked one . He left after a 52-minute rain delay that began at the end of the sixth inning . Lowe 's sinker got him out of trouble in the fifth when the Rockies had runners on first	False
Lowe ( 8 - 7 ) was 0 - 4 in five starts since beating the Pittsburgh Pirates on June 9 . He ended his personal skid with what he said was his best game all season . He gave up one run and four hits , struck out five and walked one . He left after a 52-minute rain delay that began at the end of the sixth inning . Lowe 's sinker got him out of trouble in the fifth when the Rockies had runners on first and second	False
Lowe 's sinker got him out of trouble in the fifth when the Rockies had runners on first and second and no outs . Lowe got Carlos Gonzalez to ground into a double play and struck out pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez to end the threat . Lowe got all the support he needed in the first	True
Lowe got all the support he needed in the first when Milton Prado and Chipper Jones had consecutive one - out singles , and one out later , Anderson knocked in both with a double to right-center . Todd Helton made it 2 - 1 with a 418-foot homer with two outs in the sixth	True
Lowe got all the support he needed in the first when Milton Prado and Chipper Jones had consecutive one - out singles , and one out later , Anderson knocked in both with a double to right-center . Todd Helton made it 2 - 1 with a 418-foot homer with two outs in the sixth , his 10th	False
Jimenez ( 6 - 9 ) , who no-hit Arizona for 6 2/3 innings in his last outing , is 0 - 3 in his last four starts . He gave up two runs and six hits , struck out eight and walked one in six innings . The Braves extended their lead in the eighth	True
The Braves extended their lead in the eighth on Hernandez 's two - out double that drove in Brian McCann and Matt Diaz . The Rockies threatened in the bottom of the inning , but reliever Eric O'Flaherty struck out Helton and Hawpe with runners on second	False
The Braves extended their lead in the eighth on Hernandez 's two - out double that drove in Brian McCann and Matt Diaz . The Rockies threatened in the bottom of the inning , but reliever Eric O'Flaherty struck out Helton and Hawpe with runners on second and third	False
The Rockies lost reliever Alan Embree for the season when he was hit by a line drive and fractured his right tibia . Embree , who relieved Jimenez after the rain delay , was taken off the field on a cart after being struck by a line drive hit by Prado in the seventh	True
And it was a stinging defeat for Arizona , which snapped a five - game winning streak . When Florida 's eighth inning finally ended , the remnants of a Chase Field crowd of 21,558 stood and applauded derisively . Florida trailed 7 - 0 after five innings but rallied with three runs in the sixth	True
And it was a stinging defeat for Arizona , which snapped a five - game winning streak . When Florida 's eighth inning finally ended , the remnants of a Chase Field crowd of 21,558 stood and applauded derisively . Florida trailed 7 - 0 after five innings but rallied with three runs in the sixth and one in the seventh	False
And it was a stinging defeat for Arizona , which snapped a five - game winning streak . When Florida 's eighth inning finally ended , the remnants of a Chase Field crowd of 21,558 stood and applauded derisively . Florida trailed 7 - 0 after five innings but rallied with three runs in the sixth and one in the seventh . Then the Marlins hit Arizona with the 10-spot in the eighth	True
Florida trailed 7 - 0 after five innings but rallied with three runs in the sixth and one in the seventh . Then the Marlins hit Arizona with the 10-spot in the eighth to make a winner of Kiko Calero ( 2 - 0 ) . The Marlins sent 14 batters to the plate in the eighth	True
The Marlins sent 14 batters to the plate in the eighth against three relievers -- Juan Gutierrez , Scott Schoeneweis ( 1 - 1 ) and Blaine Boyer . After pinch-hitter Ross Gload drove in the first run with a fielder 's choice grounder , Carroll hit a fastball from Schoeneweis for a three - run homer , giving Florida an 8 - 7 lead . It was Carroll 's first career pinch-hit homer and the first	False
Arizona began building its lead in the first inning . Justin Upton broke out of a 1 - for - 12 slump with a two - run homer just inside the left field foul pole off Andrew Miller , who lasted only 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing . Arizona 's lead grew to 7 - 0 through five innings . But the Marlins closed to 7 - 3 in the sixth	True
Arizona 's lead grew to 7 - 0 through five innings . But the Marlins closed to 7 - 3 in the sixth on a two - run shot by Jorge Cantu to the left field seats and a solo homer by Hermida to the pool area in right-center field , both off Arizona starter Yusmeiro Petit . The Marlins made it 7 - 4 in the seventh	False
Stetter was yanked for Todd Coffey and Pujols doubled in the go-ahead run . Ludwick followed with his 13th homer this season to the Brewers bullpen in left-center field . Pinch-hitter Rick Ankiel singled next , but was caught stealing . Pineiro had been 1 - 4 in his last six starts despite not allowing more than three runs in any of them . Heading into the eighth	True
Pineiro had been 1 - 4 in his last six starts despite not allowing more than three runs in any of them . Heading into the eighth , it looked like it would be more of the same even as his ERA fell from 3.39 to 3.20 . Pujols , who had been 1 - of - 10 in this series and 5 - of - 27 this year against the Brewers until the eighth	True
Lincecum carried a no-hit bid into the seventh inning and won his fourth straight start , baffling San Diego with his nasty changeup and a curveball nearly as impressive in the San Francisco Giants ' 9 - 3 victory over the Padres on Thursday night . Lincecum ( 10 - 2 ) walked Evereth Cabrera to start the game and then Will Venable with two outs in the second	True
Lincecum carried a no-hit bid into the seventh inning and won his fourth straight start , baffling San Diego with his nasty changeup and a curveball nearly as impressive in the San Francisco Giants ' 9 - 3 victory over the Padres on Thursday night . Lincecum ( 10 - 2 ) walked Evereth Cabrera to start the game and then Will Venable with two outs in the second . After that , he retired 13 straight and struck out the side in order in the sixth	True
Lincecum carried a no-hit bid into the seventh inning and won his fourth straight start , baffling San Diego with his nasty changeup and a curveball nearly as impressive in the San Francisco Giants ' 9 - 3 victory over the Padres on Thursday night . Lincecum ( 10 - 2 ) walked Evereth Cabrera to start the game and then Will Venable with two outs in the second . After that , he retired 13 straight and struck out the side in order in the sixth . Tony Gwynn Jr. broke up the bid when he singled to left leading off the seventh	True
Lincecum 's scoreless innings streak ended at 29 , third-longest in San Francisco history . Hall of Famer Gaylord Perry pitched 40 straight scoreless innings in 1967 and then went 39 in a row in 1970 . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Lincecum 's scoreless innings streak ended at 29 , third-longest in San Francisco history . Hall of Famer Gaylord Perry pitched 40 straight scoreless innings in 1967 and then went 39 in a row in 1970 . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in the first to stake Lincecum to an early lead . Travis Ishikawa and Juan Uribe added back-to-back solo shots in the team 's four - run fifth	True
Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in the first to stake Lincecum to an early lead . Travis Ishikawa and Juan Uribe added back-to-back solo shots in the team 's four - run fifth , the first time this season the Giants have hit consecutive homers . Lincecum followed with a single to left . Pablo Sandoval , kept off the final NL All-Star roster earlier Thursday , had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in the first to stake Lincecum to an early lead . Travis Ishikawa and Juan Uribe added back-to-back solo shots in the team 's four - run fifth , the first time this season the Giants have hit consecutive homers . Lincecum followed with a single to left . Pablo Sandoval , kept off the final NL All-Star roster earlier Thursday , had a two - run double in the fifth that chased San Diego starter Josh Geer ( 1 - 4 ) . Uribe , Randy Winn and Nate Schierholtz each added RBI singles in the eighth	True
Zobrist , a utility player who started at six positions before settling in as the regular second baseman in place of the injured Akinori Iwamura , is batting .289 with 17 homers and 50 RBIs . He homered off Blue Jays starter Brian Tallet in the fourth inning . His winning hit off Scott Downs with two outs drove in Carl Crawford , who singled off Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) before stealing second	False
Zobrist , a utility player who started at six positions before settling in as the regular second baseman in place of the injured Akinori Iwamura , is batting .289 with 17 homers and 50 RBIs . He homered off Blue Jays starter Brian Tallet in the fourth inning . His winning hit off Scott Downs with two outs drove in Carl Crawford , who singled off Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) before stealing second and third	False
He homered off Blue Jays starter Brian Tallet in the fourth inning . His winning hit off Scott Downs with two outs drove in Carl Crawford , who singled off Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) before stealing second and third . B. J. Upton stole home in the first inning and had an RBI single in the second	True
He homered off Blue Jays starter Brian Tallet in the fourth inning . His winning hit off Scott Downs with two outs drove in Carl Crawford , who singled off Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) before stealing second and third . B. J. Upton stole home in the first inning and had an RBI single in the second for the Rays , who built two three - run leads that Scott Kazmir and Tampa Bay 's bullpen could n't hold . Toronto wiped out deficits of 5 - 2 and 9 - 6 before wasting an opportunity to go ahead when it stranded two runners in the eighth	True
B. J. Upton stole home in the first inning and had an RBI single in the second for the Rays , who built two three - run leads that Scott Kazmir and Tampa Bay 's bullpen could n't hold . Toronto wiped out deficits of 5 - 2 and 9 - 6 before wasting an opportunity to go ahead when it stranded two runners in the eighth . J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched the ninth	True
Scott Rolen had three hits and drove in a run , extending his career-best hitting streak to 25 games for Toronto , which fell to .500 ( 43 - 43 ) for the first time this year . Kazmir , still looking for his first win in two months , allowed seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . The Blue Jays scored two runs charged to reliever Grant Balfour to make it 9 - 9 in the seventh	True
Kazmir , still looking for his first win in two months , allowed seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . The Blue Jays scored two runs charged to reliever Grant Balfour to make it 9 - 9 in the seventh . In his third start since ending a five - week stay on the disabled list with a right quad strain , Kazmir allowed solo homers to Adam Lind and Vernon Wells before giving up three runs in the fourth	True
In his third start since ending a five - week stay on the disabled list with a right quad strain , Kazmir allowed solo homers to Adam Lind and Vernon Wells before giving up three runs in the fourth to blow a 5 - 2 lead . Rolen doubled , Wells reached on an infield single and Kevin Millar walked to load the bases with no outs in the Toronto fourth	True
Rolen doubled , Wells reached on an infield single and Kevin Millar walked to load the bases with no outs in the Toronto fourth . Alex Rios drove in a run on a forceout at second	False
Toronto 's momentum was short-lived . Three batters later , Tallet gave up Zobrist 's 17th homer and departed after yielding eight runs and 11 hits in three - plus innings , his shortest start of the year . Trailing 9 - 6 entering the seventh	True
Sabathia allowed one run on three hits in seven innings and the New York Yankees roughed up Minnesota starter Scott Baker in a 10 - 2 victory over the Twins on Tuesday night . Sabathia ( 8 - 5 ) showed that a poor start last week was just a hiccup and the bottom third	False
Teixeira had two broken-bat bloopers in the first two innings , the second scoring Gardner to give New York a 3 - 0 lead . That score held through three innings , but Baker 's pitch count already was at 75 when he took the mound to start the fourth inning . He never recorded an out in the frame . Reliever Brian Duensing did n't fare any better , and the Yankees broke the game open with a five - run sixth	True
Hanson departed with a 3 - 1 lead after seven innings and was in line for his fifth straight victory before the Braves bullpen blew up , halting Atlanta 's winning streak at a season-high five . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) loaded the bases with one down in the eighth	True
Lannan was the beneficiary of the rally . The left-hander allowed three runs and nine hits in eight innings , ending Washington 's losing streak at four games . Lannan ( 6 - 5 ) walked one and struck out one . Mike MacDougal worked the ninth	True
Mike MacDougal worked the ninth for his fourth save , escaping a two - on , one - out jam . Hanson , who was recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett on June 7 to make his major league debut , took a no-decision in that game and has yet to lose . He allowed only Nick Johnson 's single to center in the first	True
Acta said Hanson deviated from the video scouting report the Nationals had on him , not hurting himself with walks and failing to fall into pitch patterns hitters could recognize . Dunn hit his milestone blast leading off the seventh	True
Dunn hit his milestone blast leading off the seventh , crushing a 2 - 2 fastball deep into the second deck in right field to ruin Hanson 's shutout bid . The 29-year-old is the fifth player major league history to reach that total in less than 4,200 at-bats , succeeding in his 4,145th at-bat . The others are Babe Ruth ( 3,830 ) , Mark McGwire ( 3,837 ) , Ralph Kiner ( 3,883 ) and Harmon Killebrew ( 3,928 ) . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Dunn hit his milestone blast leading off the seventh , crushing a 2 - 2 fastball deep into the second deck in right field to ruin Hanson 's shutout bid . The 29-year-old is the fifth player major league history to reach that total in less than 4,200 at-bats , succeeding in his 4,145th at-bat . The others are Babe Ruth ( 3,830 ) , Mark McGwire ( 3,837 ) , Ralph Kiner ( 3,883 ) and Harmon Killebrew ( 3,928 ) . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nate McLouth 's RBI single . Brooks Conrad led off with a single to center , moved to second	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nate McLouth 's RBI single . Brooks Conrad led off with a single to center , moved to second on Hanson 's sacrifice bunt and scored when McLouth blooped a single over second base . In the sixth	True
That steady approach is beginning to pay dividends . Andruw Jones homered and drove in four runs , Michael Young added a three - run double and the Rangers roughed up David Price to win their fourth	False
Nelson Cruz , who had three hits , connected for his 20th home run of the season in support of Derek Holland ( 2 - 5 ) , who won for the first time as a starter . The rookie left-hander allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . Jones ' three - run shot in the first	True
The Rays have lost three in a row , all to rookie pitchers . Toronto 's Ricky Romero shut down Tampa Bay on Wednesday and Tommy Hunter earned his first career victory for the Rangers on Friday . Tampa Bay 's Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the second	True
The Rays have lost three in a row , all to rookie pitchers . Toronto 's Ricky Romero shut down Tampa Bay on Wednesday and Tommy Hunter earned his first career victory for the Rangers on Friday . Tampa Bay 's Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the second and Dioner Navarro added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Holland made it a point to try to use some more of his pitches against the Rays . Price walked Young and Marlon Byrd with one out in the bottom of the first	True
Price walked Young and Marlon Byrd with one out in the bottom of the first . Jones drove an 0 - 1 pitch into the Tampa Bay bullpen in left for his 10th home run of the season . He also had and RBI double in the sixth	True
Jones drove an 0 - 1 pitch into the Tampa Bay bullpen in left for his 10th home run of the season . He also had and RBI double in the sixth . The Rangers loaded the bases in the second	True
After walking Byrd , Tampa Bay took Price out of the game for reliever Lance Cormier . Cruz homered in the fifth	True
Perhaps the error-prone second baseman could n't wait to tell her the Kansas City fans were n't so mad at him any more . His two hits and three RBIs enabled the Royals to double their run total of the four previous games combined and beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 4 Saturday . It was the Royals ' first win in seven tries against the White Sox and snapped Chicago 's seven - game winning streak . Perhaps it also cooled , at least momentarily , the fan wrath which had been building against Callaspo after his errors at second	False
It was the Royals ' first win in seven tries against the White Sox and snapped Chicago 's seven - game winning streak . Perhaps it also cooled , at least momentarily , the fan wrath which had been building against Callaspo after his errors at second were big factors in the Royals ' losing their previous four games . Callaspo got his big day started , and gave the Royals their first run in 13 innings , with an RBI triple off Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) in the fifth	True
Callaspo got his big day started , and gave the Royals their first run in 13 innings , with an RBI triple off Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) in the fifth . Then the switch-hitter turned around to bat right-handed against Matt Thornton in the sixth	True
That made it 5 - 4 and gave the offensively challenged Royals their first lead in 38 innings . Then the bullpen retired nine batters in a row in support of Luke Hochevar ( 4 - 3 ) , who went six innings and gave up four runs , including two homers . Hochevar went six innings , allowing four runs and nine hits , with two walks and three strikeouts . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hochevar went six innings , allowing four runs and nine hits , with two walks and three strikeouts . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances . Floyd , who was 3 - 0 his five previous starts , took a 3 - 0 lead and a no-hitter into the fifth	True
One out later , Mitch Maier 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 2 . In the sixth	True
One out later , Mitch Maier 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 2 . In the sixth , Willie Bloomquist singled and stole second	False
In the sixth , Willie Bloomquist singled and stole second and after Jose Guillen reached on a fielder 's choice , Mark Teahen 's RBI single cut the deficit to 4 - 3 . Thornton came out of the bullpen and Callaspo responded with his two - run single . Brayan Pena had a solo home run off Octavio Dotel in the eighth	True
Brayan Pena had a solo home run off Octavio Dotel in the eighth . Jermaine Dye had a two - run home run in the third	True
Brayan Pena had a solo home run off Octavio Dotel in the eighth . Jermaine Dye had a two - run home run in the third for the White Sox and then Gordon Beckham made it 4 - 2 with a solo shot in the sixth	True
Brayan Pena had a solo home run off Octavio Dotel in the eighth . Jermaine Dye had a two - run home run in the third for the White Sox and then Gordon Beckham made it 4 - 2 with a solo shot in the sixth . Dewayne Wise singled home Chicago 's first run in the second	True
Jermaine Dye had a two - run home run in the third for the White Sox and then Gordon Beckham made it 4 - 2 with a solo shot in the sixth . Dewayne Wise singled home Chicago 's first run in the second . Maier was out on an unusual play in the third	True
Jermaine Dye had a two - run home run in the third for the White Sox and then Gordon Beckham made it 4 - 2 with a solo shot in the sixth . Dewayne Wise singled home Chicago 's first run in the second . Maier was out on an unusual play in the third that was officially recorded as five - unassisted . Maier was on second	False
Moyer ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in 6 1/3 innings to win his third straight start . The 46-year-old Moyer tied Carl Hubbell for 42nd on the all-time list with his 253rd career win . The NL East-leading Phillies have taken the first two games against the rival Mets to win just their third series at home and first	False
Mets starter Fernando Nieve ( 3 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits , walking six in 5 2/3 innings . He does n't have to worry about losing his spot in the starting rotation because the Mets announced that Tim Redding is heading to the bullpen to make room for Oliver Perez . Struggling setup man Ryan Madson got the last two outs in the eighth	True
Struggling setup man Ryan Madson got the last two outs in the eighth and Brad Lidge finished with a rare perfect inning for his 15th save in 21 chances . Moyer did n't allow a hit until Alex Cora singled leading off the fourth	True
Moyer did n't allow a hit until Alex Cora singled leading off the fourth . The soft-tossing lefty baffled the Mets ' hitters with his usual assortment of offspeed pitches and a fastball that barely reaches 80 mph . Moyer only had one strikeout and several outs were hit hard . He lowered his ERA to 5.72 . Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly gave Philadelphia a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly gave Philadelphia a 1 - 0 lead in the first . The Phillies loaded the bases on singles by Shane Victorino and Ryan Howard sandwiched around a walk to Chase Utley . Werth 's high fly to right scored Victorino , who had three hits for the second consecutive game . Pedro Feliz singled to start Philadelphia 's fourth	True
Rollins is 5 for 11 with three doubles after going 0 for 28 . He walked twice for just the second time this season . The 2007 NL MVP was benched four games during a recent road trip and is hitting just .213 . Nieve helped himself with an RBI single in the fifth	True
Nieve helped himself with an RBI single in the fifth that cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . Nick Evans singled with two outs and Omir Santos followed with an infield single . Nieve hit a soft liner to left to score Evans . New York 's sloppy defense helped the Phillies add an insurance run in the sixth	True
Chicago has won five straight over the Royals , who have lost seven of nine and scored just three runs in their last four games . The victory put the White Sox ( 42 - 38 ) a season-best four games over .500 and was their 15th win in 19 road games . Danks ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five hits while striking out seven and not allowing a walk . He left with one out in the seventh	True
Chicago has won five straight over the Royals , who have lost seven of nine and scored just three runs in their last four games . The victory put the White Sox ( 42 - 38 ) a season-best four games over .500 and was their 15th win in 19 road games . Danks ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five hits while striking out seven and not allowing a walk . He left with one out in the seventh after the Royals loaded the bases on two singles and shortstop Jayson Nix 's error . Linebrink came in and got a double play grounder from Alberto Callaspo , whose error at second base led to two unearned runs in the third	True
Danks ( 7 - 6 ) gave up five hits while striking out seven and not allowing a walk . He left with one out in the seventh after the Royals loaded the bases on two singles and shortstop Jayson Nix 's error . Linebrink came in and got a double play grounder from Alberto Callaspo , whose error at second base led to two unearned runs in the third . Linebrink got his second save . Callaspo , for the second time in three days , let a two - out routine grounder scoot under his glove that resulted in unearned runs . Jim Thome hit what should have been an easy out right at the second baseman , who has 10 errors , but the ball rolled into center field as Podsednik scored from second	False
Jon Garland ( 4 - 8 ) pitched six solid innings but could n't break the longest losing streak of his career . The right-hander has n't won since May 19 , going 0 - 6 with a pair of no-decisions . Blame Arizona 's offense , which has scored three or fewer runs in five of those games . The Diamondbacks had their best chance in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks had their best chance in the seventh , when Gerardo Parra bunted for Arizona 's second hit and Arthur Rhodes loaded the bases with two outs on a pair of walks . Felipe Lopez flied out to end the threat . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth	True
Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 20 chances , completing Cincinnati 's seventh shutout of the season . Cincinnati scored in the sixth	True
Ramirez extended his RBI streak to 10 games and scored the go-ahead run in the eighth inning as the Marlins won 5 - 3 Wednesday and remained unbeaten against the Nationals this year . Cody Ross hit his 14th home run and added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Josh Willingham was 2 for 4 with a two - run single for Washington , which stranded 13 runners . With the score 3 - 3 and the bases loaded in the Florida eighth	True
Josh Willingham was 2 for 4 with a two - run single for Washington , which stranded 13 runners . With the score 3 - 3 and the bases loaded in the Florida eighth , pinch-hitter Wes Helms ' roller up the middle was snared by a diving Alberto Gonzalez , who flipped to Ronnie Belliard at second	False
With the score 3 - 3 and the bases loaded in the Florida eighth , pinch-hitter Wes Helms ' roller up the middle was snared by a diving Alberto Gonzalez , who flipped to Ronnie Belliard at second to force Dan Uggla . But Helms beat Belliard 's throw , and Ramirez scored to give Florida the lead . Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) , one of six Florida pitchers , got the win after working two - thirds of an inning . Leo Nunez pitched the ninth	True
Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) , one of six Florida pitchers , got the win after working two - thirds of an inning . Leo Nunez pitched the ninth , getting his fourth save in seven chances . Julian Tavarez ( 3 - 6 ) faced two batters in the eighth	True
Jordan Zimmermann had the first two hits of his career for Washington -- the rookie was hitless in 19 at-bats coming in -- and drove in the Nationals ' first run with a second-inning single off Johnson . Zimmermann allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . Washington took a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Now , they 'll play the Cardinals nine more times -- including six times in the next nine days starting Tuesday -- and face the Cubs six times down the stretch . The Brewers also have series with San Francisco and Colorado in September . Jeff Suppan ( 6 - 8 ) earned his first win since June 12 with six solid innings on his bobblehead day and drew a go-ahead walk in the fifth	True
Jeff Suppan ( 6 - 8 ) earned his first win since June 12 with six solid innings on his bobblehead day and drew a go-ahead walk in the fifth after the Pirates issued an intentional walk to load the bases . He 'd been 0 - 4 with a 6.70 ERA in his last nine starts and spent nearly a month on the disabled list with a strained oblique muscle . Suppan allowed eight hits and three walks , and Counsell was the key reason why Suppan got 13 ground-ball outs . The veteran duo also helped out at the plate after Casey McGehee homered in the second	True
Suppan allowed eight hits and three walks , and Counsell was the key reason why Suppan got 13 ground-ball outs . The veteran duo also helped out at the plate after Casey McGehee homered in the second for Milwaukee . With the score 1-all , McGehee led off the fifth	True
After Felipe Lopez struck out , Counsell singled just over LaRoche to drive in two more runs to give Milwaukee a 4 - 1 lead . Garrett Jones homered in the third	True
Garrett Jones homered in the third , giving the Pirates at least one home run in a season-high six straight games . But Pittsburgh squandered ample opportunities against Suppan . In the second	True
Garrett Jones homered in the third , giving the Pirates at least one home run in a season-high six straight games . But Pittsburgh squandered ample opportunities against Suppan . In the second , Suppan intentionally walked Ronny Cedeno to load the bases with one out and bring up Ohlendorf , who came in with a .052 career average . Ohlendorf fought off several pitches , but bounced to Counsell , who stepped on second base and threw him out easily at first	False
In the second , Suppan intentionally walked Ronny Cedeno to load the bases with one out and bring up Ohlendorf , who came in with a .052 career average . Ohlendorf fought off several pitches , but bounced to Counsell , who stepped on second base and threw him out easily at first . Counsell made a diving grab that limited Ohlendorf to an infield single in the fourth	True
In the second , Suppan intentionally walked Ronny Cedeno to load the bases with one out and bring up Ohlendorf , who came in with a .052 career average . Ohlendorf fought off several pitches , but bounced to Counsell , who stepped on second base and threw him out easily at first . Counsell made a diving grab that limited Ohlendorf to an infield single in the fourth and saved a run , and also was part of double plays in the first	True
In the second , Suppan intentionally walked Ronny Cedeno to load the bases with one out and bring up Ohlendorf , who came in with a .052 career average . Ohlendorf fought off several pitches , but bounced to Counsell , who stepped on second base and threw him out easily at first . Counsell made a diving grab that limited Ohlendorf to an infield single in the fourth and saved a run , and also was part of double plays in the first , fifth	True
Renteria hit a go-ahead grand slam in the seventh inning and the Giants pulled even in the NL wild-card race with Colorado , beating the Rockies 9 - 5 Sunday for a three - game sweep . The Giants moved into a tie in the NL West with Colorado , six games behind first-place Los Angeles . The Rockies lost their season-high fifth	False
San Francisco swept the Rockies at home for the first time since April 8 - 10 , 2005 . Last week , the Giants lost three of four at Coors Field despite leading every game . Renteria homered with two outs to overcome a 5 - 2 deficit , connecting two pitches after Rafael Betancourt ( 0 - 1 ) relieved Franklin Morales . Renteria hit his eighth career grand slam and second	False
Renteria came out for a curtain call from the sellout crowd of 42,571 , the second time in two days it happened for the Giants -- pitcher Barry Zito emerged to tip his cap during Saturday night 's 5 - 3 win . Renteria also doubled in a run and matched his career high with five RBIs . He was intentionally walked in the eighth	True
Todd Helton and Troy Tulowitzki hit back-to-back solo homers in the fifth inning to put the Rockies ahead , but Colorado 's bullpen could n't hold a 4 - 1 lead . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) recorded two outs in the seventh	True
Todd Helton and Troy Tulowitzki hit back-to-back solo homers in the fifth inning to put the Rockies ahead , but Colorado 's bullpen could n't hold a 4 - 1 lead . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) recorded two outs in the seventh for the victory . Jeremy Affeldt struck out Garrett Atkins and Carlos Gonzalez with the tying run on third	False
Todd Helton and Troy Tulowitzki hit back-to-back solo homers in the fifth inning to put the Rockies ahead , but Colorado 's bullpen could n't hold a 4 - 1 lead . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) recorded two outs in the seventh for the victory . Jeremy Affeldt struck out Garrett Atkins and Carlos Gonzalez with the tying run on third in the eighth	True
Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) recorded two outs in the seventh for the victory . Jeremy Affeldt struck out Garrett Atkins and Carlos Gonzalez with the tying run on third in the eighth , and the pitcher pumped his fist three times leaving the mound . Closer Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
Closer Brian Wilson pitched the ninth after saving the first two games of the series , with fans chanting `` Sweep ! Sweep ! '' Pinch-hitter Ryan Rohlinger added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Tulowitzki hit his 24th homer to go with an RBI double and run-scoring single . San Francisco , which has been struggling with runners in scoring position , started its rally in the seventh	True
Greinke has 202 strikeouts this season , making him the first Royals pitcher to reach 200 since Kevin Appier in 1996 . Seattle 's lone threat was in the second	True
Greinke has 202 strikeouts this season , making him the first Royals pitcher to reach 200 since Kevin Appier in 1996 . Seattle 's lone threat was in the second . Bill Hall drew Greinke 's only walk with one out and took second	False
Seattle 's lone threat was in the second . Bill Hall drew Greinke 's only walk with one out and took second on Johjima 's single . Johjima 's ball fell in front of center fielder Mitch Maier . He played it on one hop , holding the runners at first	False
Seattle 's lone threat was in the second . Bill Hall drew Greinke 's only walk with one out and took second on Johjima 's single . Johjima 's ball fell in front of center fielder Mitch Maier . He played it on one hop , holding the runners at first and second	False
Ryan Rowland-Smith ( 2 - 2 ) went a career-high eight innings for the Mariners , allowing five hits and three runs . He walked one and struck out a career-high seven . Rowland-Smith matched Greinke for much of the afternoon except for one bad inning -- the Royals ' three - run fifth	True
Maier walked with one out , David DeJesus singled home a run and another scored on a wild pitch . Greinke fanned Josh Wilson to end the sixth	True
The speedy Gomez streaked home ahead of Texas first baseman Hank Blalock 's high throw in the eighth inning , and the Minnesota Twins took advantage of two late mistakes to beat the Rangers 5 - 3 Sunday . Minnesota closer Joe Nathan then made a throwing error in the ninth	True
Minnesota closer Joe Nathan then made a throwing error in the ninth that loaded the bases with no outs , but he escaped without allowing a run . Trailing 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
Trailing 3 - 2 in the eighth , the Twins used a walk , three singles , a squeeze bunt and an error to go ahead . Brendan Harris ' RBI single off C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 6 ) tied the game and when Nelson Cruz mishandled the ball in left field , it put runners on second	False
Trailing 3 - 2 in the eighth , the Twins used a walk , three singles , a squeeze bunt and an error to go ahead . Brendan Harris ' RBI single off C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 6 ) tied the game and when Nelson Cruz mishandled the ball in left field , it put runners on second and third	False
The rally allowed reliever Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) to pick up the victory in his first appearance for the Twins after being acquired from Arizona on Friday . In the ninth	True
The victory allowed the Twins to remain 4 games back of Detroit in the AL Central . Texas fell 3 games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the first time Wieters had more than two RBIs in a game , and only the third time he got more than two hits . Nick Markakis and Felix Pie each had a homer and three RBIs and Luke Scott scored three runs for Baltimore , now 13 - 28 since the All-Star break . The Orioles trailed 2 - 0 in the second	True
Matt LaPorta homered for the Indians , who stranded 13 and went 2 - for - 14 with runners in scoring position . The Orioles used a three - run fourth	True
The Orioles used a three - run fourth to go up 5 - 2 . Successive doubles by Scott and Wieters produced a run before Brian Roberts hit an RBI grounder and Pie doubled in a run . Ty Wigginton chased Carmona with an RBI single in the fifth	True
Ty Wigginton chased Carmona with an RBI single in the fifth . After LaPorta homered in the sixth	True
After LaPorta homered in the sixth , Pie connected off Jensen Lewis in the bottom half . Lewis then walked the bases loaded before Wieters hit a two - run single . Pie hit an RBI single in the seventh	True
BOSTON -- Victor Martinez had never been around for one of David Ortiz 's trademark game-ending homers , and he thought it would be a good time to see his first	False
BOSTON -- Victor Martinez had never been around for one of David Ortiz 's trademark game-ending homers , and he thought it would be a good time to see his first . It was Ortiz 's 10th career game-ending homer and his ninth	False
BOSTON -- Victor Martinez had never been around for one of David Ortiz 's trademark game-ending homers , and he thought it would be a good time to see his first . It was Ortiz 's 10th career game-ending homer and his ninth with the Red Sox , breaking a franchise record that had been held by Hall of Famer Jimmie Foxx . But it was the first	False
And it could n't have come at a better time for the Red Sox , who remained six games behind the New York Yankees in the AL East but improved to 2 1/2 games in front of Texas in the wild-card race . Wakefield allowed six hits and left after seven innings with a 2 - 1 lead , but the 43-year-old knuckleballer was deprived of a win when Jayson Nix homered off reliever Ramon Ramirez to make it 2 - 2 in the eighth	True
And it could n't have come at a better time for the Red Sox , who remained six games behind the New York Yankees in the AL East but improved to 2 1/2 games in front of Texas in the wild-card race . Wakefield allowed six hits and left after seven innings with a 2 - 1 lead , but the 43-year-old knuckleballer was deprived of a win when Jayson Nix homered off reliever Ramon Ramirez to make it 2 - 2 in the eighth . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) inherited the eighth-inning jam , pitching out of it and then adding a perfect ninth	True
Wakefield allowed six hits and left after seven innings with a 2 - 1 lead , but the 43-year-old knuckleballer was deprived of a win when Jayson Nix homered off reliever Ramon Ramirez to make it 2 - 2 in the eighth . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) inherited the eighth-inning jam , pitching out of it and then adding a perfect ninth for his first career victory . Tony Pena ( 1 - 2 ) struck out Kevin Youkilis to start the ninth	False
Wakefield allowed six hits and left after seven innings with a 2 - 1 lead , but the 43-year-old knuckleballer was deprived of a win when Jayson Nix homered off reliever Ramon Ramirez to make it 2 - 2 in the eighth . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) inherited the eighth-inning jam , pitching out of it and then adding a perfect ninth for his first career victory . Tony Pena ( 1 - 2 ) struck out Kevin Youkilis to start the ninth before Ortiz , who hit a solo homer in the second	True
Wakefield was activated from the disabled list before the game , and the first sign his knuckleball was active was when his first pitch squirted away from Martinez , who was acquired at the trading deadline while Wakefield was on the DL . He used his first baseman 's mitt to catch . He gave up his only run in the first	True
Wakefield was activated from the disabled list before the game , and the first sign his knuckleball was active was when his first pitch squirted away from Martinez , who was acquired at the trading deadline while Wakefield was on the DL . He used his first baseman 's mitt to catch . He gave up his only run in the first when Gordon Beckham reached on an end-of-the-bat single and Paul Konerko tripled . Wakefield allowed just one ball out of the infield until A. J. Pierzynski doubled off the Green Monster with two outs in the sixth	True
He gave up his only run in the first when Gordon Beckham reached on an end-of-the-bat single and Paul Konerko tripled . Wakefield allowed just one ball out of the infield until A. J. Pierzynski doubled off the Green Monster with two outs in the sixth . Gavin Floyd nearly matched Wakefield , but he allowed two solo homers among his five hits , walking one and striking out four in six innings . He put runners on first	False
He gave up his only run in the first when Gordon Beckham reached on an end-of-the-bat single and Paul Konerko tripled . Wakefield allowed just one ball out of the infield until A. J. Pierzynski doubled off the Green Monster with two outs in the sixth . Gavin Floyd nearly matched Wakefield , but he allowed two solo homers among his five hits , walking one and striking out four in six innings . He put runners on first and second	False
He gave up his only run in the first when Gordon Beckham reached on an end-of-the-bat single and Paul Konerko tripled . Wakefield allowed just one ball out of the infield until A. J. Pierzynski doubled off the Green Monster with two outs in the sixth . Gavin Floyd nearly matched Wakefield , but he allowed two solo homers among his five hits , walking one and striking out four in six innings . He put runners on first and second with one out in the sixth	True
Gavin Floyd nearly matched Wakefield , but he allowed two solo homers among his five hits , walking one and striking out four in six innings . He put runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but he got Youkilis on a fly ball to center and struck out Ortiz to keep it a one - run game . Chicago put runners on first	False
Gavin Floyd nearly matched Wakefield , but he allowed two solo homers among his five hits , walking one and striking out four in six innings . He put runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but he got Youkilis on a fly ball to center and struck out Ortiz to keep it a one - run game . Chicago put runners on first and second	False
Gavin Floyd nearly matched Wakefield , but he allowed two solo homers among his five hits , walking one and striking out four in six innings . He put runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but he got Youkilis on a fly ball to center and struck out Ortiz to keep it a one - run game . Chicago put runners on first and second in the seventh	False
Chicago put runners on first and second in the seventh , but Alexei Ramirez popped out to shortstop and Wakefield left with a 2 - 1 lead and to a big ovation from the crowd -- and handshakes in the dugout . Nix tied it in the eighth	False
Chicago put runners on first and second in the seventh , but Alexei Ramirez popped out to shortstop and Wakefield left with a 2 - 1 lead and to a big ovation from the crowd -- and handshakes in the dugout . Nix tied it in the eighth , and Chicago had a runner on third	False
The Braves wasted a chance to gain a game on NL East-leading Philadelphia , which lost to Pittsburgh . Hundley led off the 12th	True
The Braves wasted a chance to gain a game on NL East-leading Philadelphia , which lost to Pittsburgh . Hundley led off the 12th with a double to left field off Kris Medlen ( 3 - 4 ) . After Tony Gwynn Jr. struck out , pinch-hitter Luis Rodriguez walked . Everth Cabrera , who was 0 for 6 , struck out for the third time before Eckstein delivered the go-ahead double to left-center to drive in Hundley from second	False
Hundley led off the 12th with a double to left field off Kris Medlen ( 3 - 4 ) . After Tony Gwynn Jr. struck out , pinch-hitter Luis Rodriguez walked . Everth Cabrera , who was 0 for 6 , struck out for the third time before Eckstein delivered the go-ahead double to left-center to drive in Hundley from second . Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Edward Mujica earned his second save by retiring the Braves in order in the 12th	True
Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Edward Mujica earned his second save by retiring the Braves in order in the 12th . Adrian Gonzalez 's third-inning homer , his 34th , gave San Diego a 1 - 0 lead that held until the ninth	True
Adrian Gonzalez 's third-inning homer , his 34th , gave San Diego a 1 - 0 lead that held until the ninth . Latos and Luke Gregerson shut out Atlanta through eight innings , but Heath Bell could n't hold a 1 - 0 lead in the ninth	True
Bell gave up a one - out single to Brian McCann and walked Garret Anderson before striking out Yunel Escobar . Adam LaRoche hit a two - out single to right , just in front of the reach of a diving Will Venable , to drive in pinch-runner Reid Gorecki from second base with the tying run . Latos retired Atlanta 's first 13 batters before Anderson 's single to right with one out in the fifth	True
Latos was 0 - 2 with a 14.09 ERA in his last two starts . Latos threw only 89 pitches in seven innings but did n't get a chance to pitch the eighth	True
Latos threw only 89 pitches in seven innings but did n't get a chance to pitch the eighth . The Braves loaded the bases but could n't score in the eighth	True
Pinto 's dominance of the matchup ended when McCann hit a tie-breaking , two - run single in the eighth inning , lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 7 - 5 victory over the Marlins on Sunday . McCann finished with three hits , including a three - run homer in the first	True
McCann finished with three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and matched his career high with five RBIs . Before driving in the go-ahead runs , McCann was 0 for 5 with four strikeouts against Pinto . He came to the plate with runners on second	False
McCann finished with three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and matched his career high with five RBIs . Before driving in the go-ahead runs , McCann was 0 for 5 with four strikeouts against Pinto . He came to the plate with runners on second and third	False
Adam LaRoche , perhaps the Braves ' hottest hitter , was waiting to hit behind McCann . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Rafael Soriano recorded the final three outs for his 20th save . Matt Diaz had four hits , including a seventh-inning triple off Kiko Calero , to help the Braves move past Florida for second	False
Matt Diaz had four hits , including a seventh-inning triple off Kiko Calero , to help the Braves move past Florida for second in the NL East . Rookie Reid Gorecki 's sacrifice fly to right field drove in Diaz , tying the score at 5 - 5 . Calero ( 2 - 2 ) was pulled after walking Infante in the eighth	True
Ronny Paulino 's three - run triple in the fourth gave Florida a 5 - 3 lead . Florida pitchers issued eight walks , and Ricky Nolasco 's free passes to Johnson and Chipper Jones in the first inning set up McCann 's three - run homer . Infante and Johnson walked before McCann 's big hit in the eighth	True
Florida pitchers issued eight walks , and Ricky Nolasco 's free passes to Johnson and Chipper Jones in the first inning set up McCann 's three - run homer . Infante and Johnson walked before McCann 's big hit in the eighth . Florida scored two runs in the second	True
Florida pitchers issued eight walks , and Ricky Nolasco 's free passes to Johnson and Chipper Jones in the first inning set up McCann 's three - run homer . Infante and Johnson walked before McCann 's big hit in the eighth . Florida scored two runs in the second . Dan Uggla singled and scored on a double by Cody Ross , who moved to third	False
Florida scored two runs in the second . Dan Uggla singled and scored on a double by Cody Ross , who moved to third when McCann missed the throw to the plate for an error . Ross scored on Paulino 's double-play groundout . The Marlins loaded the bases off Derek Lowe in the fourth	True
Florida scored two runs in the second . Dan Uggla singled and scored on a double by Cody Ross , who moved to third when McCann missed the throw to the plate for an error . Ross scored on Paulino 's double-play groundout . The Marlins loaded the bases off Derek Lowe in the fourth . Following one - out singles by Uggla and Ross , Jeremy Hermida hit a grounder to shortstop Yunel Escobar to set up a possible double play . Johnson dropped Escobar 's throw at second	False
Cox had a limited bench . Outfielders Garret Anderson and Ryan Church , who have sore backs , hope to return after an odd day Monday . Second baseman Martin Prado ( exertional headaches ) missed his fifth straight game . Cox called on pitcher Javier Vazquez as a pinch-hitter in the eighth	True
SAN DIEGO -- Matt Holliday got the St. Louis Cardinals off to a fast start and Chris Carpenter took over from there . Carpenter pitched seven crisp innings after Holliday hit a three - run homer in the top of the first	True
Carpenter allowed just one runner to reach second base and lowered his major league-best ERA to 2.16 . In his last 10 starts , Carpenter is 9 - 0 with a 1.92 ERA . David Eckstein reached on an infield single in the fourth inning , Adrian Gonzalez singled in the seventh	True
Royals starter Kyle Davies ( 4 - 9 ) was charged with six runs , four hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six . Michael Cuddyer 's solo homer in the second	True
Carlos Gomez and Casilla then hit RBI singles off Mahay , who has inherited 29 runners and allowed 18 to score . David DeJesus , with his AL-leading 10th triple , drove in two runs off Bobby Keppel to bring the Royals to 6 - 4 in the sixth	True
David DeJesus , with his AL-leading 10th triple , drove in two runs off Bobby Keppel to bring the Royals to 6 - 4 in the sixth . DeJesus and Mark Teahen each had three hits for Kansas City . Matt Guerrier got five outs for his fourth career save and first	False
Matt Guerrier got five outs for his fourth career save and first this year . Joe Nathan , who has 31 saves in 35 chances , was planted firmly on the bench after throwing more than 50 pitches in Minnesota 's 5 - 4 win the night before . The Twins got their eighth run on Cuddyer 's bloop double , and the Royals got a run in the ninth	True
The Twins got their eighth run on Cuddyer 's bloop double , and the Royals got a run in the ninth on Yuniesky Betancourt 's fielder 's choice grounder . After Kubel 's RBI single made it 7 - 4 in the seventh	True
The Twins got their eighth run on Cuddyer 's bloop double , and the Royals got a run in the ninth on Yuniesky Betancourt 's fielder 's choice grounder . After Kubel 's RBI single made it 7 - 4 in the seventh , the Royals loaded the bases and Teahen stroked an RBI single . Then Betancourt lifted a high fly into shallow center that Gomez dropped . One run scored , but Alberto Callaspo was thrown out trying to go from second	False
The Twins got their eighth run on Cuddyer 's bloop double , and the Royals got a run in the ninth on Yuniesky Betancourt 's fielder 's choice grounder . After Kubel 's RBI single made it 7 - 4 in the seventh , the Royals loaded the bases and Teahen stroked an RBI single . Then Betancourt lifted a high fly into shallow center that Gomez dropped . One run scored , but Alberto Callaspo was thrown out trying to go from second to third	False
CHICAGO -- Brian Roberts does n't want his recent power surge to fool anyone . Roberts hit a go-ahead two - run home run in the eighth inning and had a solo shot in the third	True
Jim Thome homered in the fourth inning for Chicago for his 564th career home run , passing Reggie Jackson for sole possession of 12th place on the career list . The White Sox dropped three games behind the Detroit Tigers in the AL Central . With the score tied at one in the eighth	True
With the score tied at one in the eighth , White Sox starter Gavin Floyd ( 10 - 8 ) allowed a leadoff single to Felix Pie , then Roberts followed with his second home run of the night to give the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . It was Roberts ' second career multihomer game , the last coming against the Angels in Anaheim on Sept. 6 , 2006 . Cesar Izturis followed with a double and Floyd 's night ended after an intentional walk to Adam Jones . After Izturis got caught trying to steal third	False
Thome cherishes the new milestone , but was disappointed the White Sox could not take advantage of the lowly Orioles before embarking on a 10-game road trip on Monday against the Red Sox , Yankees and Twins . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Thome cherishes the new milestone , but was disappointed the White Sox could not take advantage of the lowly Orioles before embarking on a 10-game road trip on Monday against the Red Sox , Yankees and Twins . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Blanks exhibited surprising speed when he hit a two - run inside the park homer to help fellow rookie Cesar Carrillo earn his first major league victory in the Padres ' 6 - 3 win over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Blanks won Monday night 's game with a three - run homer in the ninth inning for a 4 - 1 win over the Cubs . On Tuesday night , he hit a ball off the top of the wall in center in the eighth	True
But this time , Carrillo had to deal with the emotions of facing the team he followed growing up in Chicago . Gonzalez hit his 33rd homer off Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) in the fifth	True
Gonzalez hit his 33rd homer off Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) in the fifth to put the Padres ahead to stay . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Kevin Kouzmanoff had three hits , including an RBI single in the first	True
Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Kevin Kouzmanoff had three hits , including an RBI single in the first and a run-scoring single in the third	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff had three hits , including an RBI single in the first and a run-scoring single in the third when the Padres scored twice for a 3 - 1 lead . Rookie Will Venable led off the eighth	True
Dempster had two hits and an RBI . Derrek Lee homered for the Cubs in the first	True
Dempster had two hits and an RBI . Derrek Lee homered for the Cubs in the first , He scored a run in the fifth	True
Dempster had two hits and an RBI . Derrek Lee homered for the Cubs in the first , He scored a run in the fifth after walking , going to second	False
Francisco bounced back from the worst outing of his career to pick up the save , Ian Kinsler homered and drove in two runs , and the Rangers passed the Red Sox in the AL wild-card race with a 4 - 3 win Sunday . Francisco pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Francisco pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth to give Texas a half-game lead over Boston . Less than 48 hours earlier , the closer was booed off the mound after being touched up for six runs in Boston 's 8 - 4 victory Friday night . Kinsler , back in the lineup one day after he was hit by a pitch that ricocheted off his shoulder to his head , went deep for the second straight day and had an RBI single in the third	True
David Ortiz and Dustin Pedroia went deep for the Red Sox . Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 2 ) yielded 10 hits and four runs over five - plus innings in his second career start . Pedroia 's 10th homer in the seventh inning cut Texas ' lead to 4 - 3 but the Rangers bullpen held on . With Red Sox runners on first	False
David Ortiz and Dustin Pedroia went deep for the Red Sox . Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 2 ) yielded 10 hits and four runs over five - plus innings in his second career start . Pedroia 's 10th homer in the seventh inning cut Texas ' lead to 4 - 3 but the Rangers bullpen held on . With Red Sox runners on first and second	False
David Ortiz and Dustin Pedroia went deep for the Red Sox . Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 2 ) yielded 10 hits and four runs over five - plus innings in his second career start . Pedroia 's 10th homer in the seventh inning cut Texas ' lead to 4 - 3 but the Rangers bullpen held on . With Red Sox runners on first and second in the eighth	True
The Red Sox were not discouraged despite losing a series to its closest playoff competitor . Ortiz homered leading off the second	True
The Red Sox were not discouraged despite losing a series to its closest playoff competitor . Ortiz homered leading off the second , his 17th of the season and second	False
Ortiz homered leading off the second , his 17th of the season and second of the series . Kinsler responded with his 25th homer in the bottom half and Texas took the lead for good with two runs in the third	True
The Rangers activated Kinsler on Friday after he missed 15 games with a strained left hamstring . The second baseman is 4 - for - 6 the past two games . Brian Anderson 's sacrifice fly cut Texas ' lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Rangers activated Kinsler on Friday after he missed 15 games with a strained left hamstring . The second baseman is 4 - for - 6 the past two games . Brian Anderson 's sacrifice fly cut Texas ' lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth and Boston threatened again in the fifth	False
The Rangers activated Kinsler on Friday after he missed 15 games with a strained left hamstring . The second baseman is 4 - for - 6 the past two games . Brian Anderson 's sacrifice fly cut Texas ' lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth and Boston threatened again in the fifth , putting runners on first	False
The Rangers activated Kinsler on Friday after he missed 15 games with a strained left hamstring . The second baseman is 4 - for - 6 the past two games . Brian Anderson 's sacrifice fly cut Texas ' lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth and Boston threatened again in the fifth , putting runners on first and second	False
Boston has only caught eight of 111 would-be base stealers this season . Catcher Jason Varitek took the blame for the Rangers ' successful running game . Borbon came into the game with three career hits and one stolen base . Rangers manager Ron Washington moved Ian Kinsler down to sixth	True
Kinsler , who also stole a base , got the Rangers off to a good start in his first plate appearance since coming off the disabled list Friday . Leading off the second	True
Leading off the second , Kinsler drove a 1 - 2 pitch from Penny barely over the fence in right . Andrus tripled two outs later and scored on Borbon 's single . After Bay hit his 25th homer on the first pitch of the fourth	True
After Bay hit his 25th homer on the first pitch of the fourth , the Red Sox went on to put two runners on with one out in the inning . Holland responded by striking out Brian Anderson and Alex Gonzalez to end the threat . The 22-year-old left-hander pumped his fist and yelled after escaping the jam . The Rangers ran their way to two runs in the fourth	True
After Bay hit his 25th homer on the first pitch of the fourth , the Red Sox went on to put two runners on with one out in the inning . Holland responded by striking out Brian Anderson and Alex Gonzalez to end the threat . The 22-year-old left-hander pumped his fist and yelled after escaping the jam . The Rangers ran their way to two runs in the fourth . Andrus , who had three hits , singled and stole second	False
After Bay hit his 25th homer on the first pitch of the fourth , the Red Sox went on to put two runners on with one out in the inning . Holland responded by striking out Brian Anderson and Alex Gonzalez to end the threat . The 22-year-old left-hander pumped his fist and yelled after escaping the jam . The Rangers ran their way to two runs in the fourth . Andrus , who had three hits , singled and stole second and third	False
After Bay hit his 25th homer on the first pitch of the fourth , the Red Sox went on to put two runners on with one out in the inning . Holland responded by striking out Brian Anderson and Alex Gonzalez to end the threat . The 22-year-old left-hander pumped his fist and yelled after escaping the jam . The Rangers ran their way to two runs in the fourth . Andrus , who had three hits , singled and stole second and third on consecutive pitches before Borbon singled to make it 3 - 1 . Borbon stole second	False
After Bay hit his 25th homer on the first pitch of the fourth , the Red Sox went on to put two runners on with one out in the inning . Holland responded by striking out Brian Anderson and Alex Gonzalez to end the threat . The 22-year-old left-hander pumped his fist and yelled after escaping the jam . The Rangers ran their way to two runs in the fourth . Andrus , who had three hits , singled and stole second and third on consecutive pitches before Borbon singled to make it 3 - 1 . Borbon stole second and moved to third	False
The Rangers ran their way to two runs in the fourth . Andrus , who had three hits , singled and stole second and third on consecutive pitches before Borbon singled to make it 3 - 1 . Borbon stole second and moved to third on Michael Young 's grounder . Marlon Byrd then hit a sacrifice fly . Andrus and Borbon each singled and stole a base in the eighth	True
That proved to be more than enough support for Lackey . After Jason Bulger gave up a hit and a walk in the ninth	True
Astros manager Cecil Cooper was disappointed with Rodriguez 's effort . After an out , Braun homered to make it 2 - 0 , the most runs Rodriguez had allowed in a start since June 26 . It got much worse after Prince Fielder looked at strike three for the second	True
After an out , Braun homered to make it 2 - 0 , the most runs Rodriguez had allowed in a start since June 26 . It got much worse after Prince Fielder looked at strike three for the second out . Casey McGehee and Mike Rivera walked , Jason Bourgeois drove in his first career run with a single and Gallardo , who also had a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Rodriguez walked Alcides Escobar , called up in place of former All-Star shortstop J. J. Hardy , and Lopez homered off the facing of the second deck in left in his second at-bat of the inning to make it 8 - 0 . Braun homered again , his 25th of the season and third	False
Rodriguez walked Alcides Escobar , called up in place of former All-Star shortstop J. J. Hardy , and Lopez homered off the facing of the second deck in left in his second at-bat of the inning to make it 8 - 0 . Braun homered again , his 25th of the season and third in two days , to lead off the second	True
So the Tigers right-hander reached back for a pair of 100 mph fastballs that blew by Jason Bay and essentially clinched Detroit 's 2 - 0 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Thursday . Bay had homered in each of the first three games in the series , and he had three hits on Wednesday night to help Boston win its third straight . When he came up with two out in the eighth	True
So the Tigers right-hander reached back for a pair of 100 mph fastballs that blew by Jason Bay and essentially clinched Detroit 's 2 - 0 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Thursday . Bay had homered in each of the first three games in the series , and he had three hits on Wednesday night to help Boston win its third straight . When he came up with two out in the eighth and a runner on second	False
Bay had homered in each of the first three games in the series , and he had three hits on Wednesday night to help Boston win its third straight . When he came up with two out in the eighth and a runner on second , Verlander knew it would be a bad time to make a mistake . Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits in eight innings , striking out eight and walking one while retiring 16 of the last 19 batters he faced . Ryan Raburn homered for Detroit , and Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Both players dropped the suspension on Wednesday night . Clay Buchholz ( 1 - 3 ) allowed five hits in seven innings , walking three and striking out three while giving up Raburn 's homer to go with an unearned run in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez had two hits for Boston , and he also stole a base for the second time in his career and the first time since 2003 . Verlander got all the offense he needed in the fourth	True
Verlander got all the offense he needed in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit a sinking liner to right field that went off Josh Reddick 's shoe and bounced away . It was originally scored a double but then changed to a single with an error . Cabrera took third	False
Raburn made it 2 - 0 with a home run over the Green Monster in left field . It was his seventh homer of the year . The Red Sox put runners on second	False
Raburn made it 2 - 0 with a home run over the Green Monster in left field . It was his seventh homer of the year . The Red Sox put runners on second and third	False
The Red Sox put runners on second and third in the first inning before Verlander struck out Bay and David Ortiz , each on a 99 mph fastball . Jacoby Ellsbury doubled to lead off the eighth	True
Romero hit Jeter on the foot in the first inning , sending the All-Star shortstop staggering away from the plate . Jeter provided his usual `` I 'll be fine '' after the game but acknowledged it was a painful at-bat . Ramiro Pena replaced him before Toronto batted in the third	True
Romero hit Jeter on the foot in the first inning , sending the All-Star shortstop staggering away from the plate . Jeter provided his usual `` I 'll be fine '' after the game but acknowledged it was a painful at-bat . Ramiro Pena replaced him before Toronto batted in the third and made a terrific diving catch to take a hit away from Edwin Encarnacion in the fourth	True
Burnett worked six innings against his former team , allowing three runs despite surrendering 10 hits and uncorking three wild pitches . Johnny Damon led off the third	True
Burnett worked six innings against his former team , allowing three runs despite surrendering 10 hits and uncorking three wild pitches . Johnny Damon led off the third with his 22nd homer and fifth	False
Burnett worked six innings against his former team , allowing three runs despite surrendering 10 hits and uncorking three wild pitches . Johnny Damon led off the third with his 22nd homer and fifth in the last nine games , giving the Yankees a 2 - 1 lead . Toronto pushed across two runs in the sixth	True
Hanson ( 7 - 2 ) had his second-most strikeouts since being called up from Triple-A in early June , surpassed only by an 11-strikeout effort against San Francisco on July 20 . He allowed seven hits and did n't walk anyone . Hanson needed 28 pitches to get through the first inning , when speedy Nyjer Morgan set up Washington 's only run with the first	False
The Nationals ' eight straight wins were the second-longest streak since the franchise moved to Washington four years ago , surpassed only by a 10-game run in June 2005 . With the game tied 1 - 1 , Morgan singled , stole second	False
The Nationals ' eight straight wins were the second-longest streak since the franchise moved to Washington four years ago , surpassed only by a 10-game run in June 2005 . With the game tied 1 - 1 , Morgan singled , stole second and tried to swipe third	False
After that brouhaha , the Braves pulled ahead for good in the bottom half against John Lannan ( 8 - 9 ) . Martin Prado doubled in a run and wound up scoring when left fielder Josh Willingham bobbled the ball after fielding Jones ' single . Atlanta broke it open with a three - run fifth	True
Minnesota has lost seven of nine -- giving up an average of nine runs in the setbacks -- to trail the Tigers by 5 1/2 games after being behind by just two games before the slide . Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Fernando Rodney closed the game for his 23rd save in 24 chances . Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff double to catcher Gerald Laird in the eighth	True
Gardenhire did n't regret the decision with Guerrier on the mound . Clete Thomas followed with an RBI groundout to give the Tigers a two - run cushion , which proved to be valuable because Michael Cuddyer hit his second homer of the game in the ninth	True
Minnesota 's Scott Baker gave up six runs to match a season high and nine hits over just 4 1/3 innings in his shortest outing in a month . Bobby Keppel kept the Twins in the game with 2 2/3 scoreless innings . Cuddyer hit a game-tying single in the seventh	True
Minnesota 's Scott Baker gave up six runs to match a season high and nine hits over just 4 1/3 innings in his shortest outing in a month . Bobby Keppel kept the Twins in the game with 2 2/3 scoreless innings . Cuddyer hit a game-tying single in the seventh and made it 8 - 7 with a homer off Rodney in the ninth	True
Cuddyer hit a game-tying single in the seventh and made it 8 - 7 with a homer off Rodney in the ninth . In between , Leyland intentionally walked hot-hitting Denard Span with no outs in the eighth	True
In between , Leyland intentionally walked hot-hitting Denard Span with no outs in the eighth to face Orlando Cabrera after he extended his career-long hitting streak to 19 games . Detroit and Minnesota combined to score 11 runs between the fourth	True
Detroit and Minnesota combined to score 11 runs between the fourth and seventh innings , making it 6-all . Cuddyer and Delmon Young hit homers to center off Jarrod Washburn on consecutive pitches in the fourth inning to give the Twins a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Houston manager Cecil Cooper was unsure how long Rodriguez would last after missing a full week , but Rodriguez seemed to pitch better with each inning . Jose Valverde got the final four outs for Houston to earn his 15th save of the season and second	False
The Brewers were shut out for the fourth time in games Gallardo has started . The 23-year-old right-hander lost two 1 - 0 decisions before Sunday . Rodriguez had shaky command early , walking leadoff man Felipe Lopez on four pitches . In the second	True
Gallardo allowed three hits in the first three innings , including a double by Jason Michaels . Michaels , who homered twice in Friday 's 6 - 3 Astros win , came in batting .345 in his last 19 games . Lee walked with one out in the fourth	True
Michaels and Humberto Quintero walked and Michaels tried to score on Rodriguez 's infield single . But Prince Fielder threw to the catcher Kendall , who tagged out Michaels one step from the plate . Rodriguez allowed only four hits after the second inning . Bill Hall singled with one out in the sixth	True
Michaels and Humberto Quintero walked and Michaels tried to score on Rodriguez 's infield single . But Prince Fielder threw to the catcher Kendall , who tagged out Michaels one step from the plate . Rodriguez allowed only four hits after the second inning . Bill Hall singled with one out in the sixth before J. J. Hardy to rolled into a double play . Lopez singled with two outs in the seventh	False
Rodriguez allowed only four hits after the second inning . Bill Hall singled with one out in the sixth before J. J. Hardy to rolled into a double play . Lopez singled with two outs in the seventh and Mike Cameron flew out on Rodriguez 's 116th pitch . Jeff Fulchino relieved for the eighth	True
Thanks to a rash of injuries , the Cubs have only been able to use their Opening Day lineup just three times this season . So that 's why Piniella constantly tinkers . He put Ryan Theriot in the leadoff spot Saturday , and batted Milton Bradley second	False
So that 's why Piniella constantly tinkers . He put Ryan Theriot in the leadoff spot Saturday , and batted Milton Bradley second . Both had big nights , combining to go 5 - for - 9 with two RBIs . They also teamed up for a pivotal run in the sixth	True
Both had big nights , combining to go 5 - for - 9 with two RBIs . They also teamed up for a pivotal run in the sixth when Theriot singled , stole second -- when the ball popped out of Troy Tulowitzki 's glove -- and scored after Bradley hit a ball off the wall in right . Bradley also had a big play in the field , hauling in Tulowitzki 's liner in the seventh	True
Dempster also vanquished -- to some degree -- his demons in Denver . Dempster entered the game 0 - 2 at Coors Field with a 15.23 ERA in seven appearances . For Marquis , win No . 13 is proving to be quite elusive . Marquis ( 12 - 8 ) failed for a third time to become the first NL pitcher to reach that mark . Adam Wainwright beat him to it , winning his 13th	False
Not this time . One of Marquis ' biggest nemesis was the prime culprit . Lee finished 1 - for - 2 with a walk against Marquis , bringing his lifetime average against him to .486 . Lee 's solo homer in the fifth	True
`` He comes right at you , he 's going to give you something to hit , '' Lee explained of his success against Marquis . `` I 've been fortunate enough to get some good swings . That 's what makes him successful . He throws strikes , he pitches to contact , he wants you to hit it and let his defense work . '' Marquis thought he fanned Lee in the fourth	True
Nolasco ( 8 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits , striking out seven , and has been outstanding since returning from a brief stint in the minors . Florida 's opening day starter was demoted to Triple-A New Orleans on May 23 after going 2 - 5 with a 9.07 ERA . He 's 6 - 2 with a 2.58 ERA in 12 starts since being recalled . Renyel Pinto pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Johnson drove a 2 - 2 pitch into the seats in right for a 1 - 0 lead two batters into the game . Hanley Ramirez followed with a double and scored on Dan Uggla 's two - out double . Ross hit the first pitch in the second	True
Ross hit the first pitch in the second out to center to make it 3 - 0 , giving him 19 homers , three shy of his career high set last year . Blanton left with two outs and two runners on in the seventh	True
Francisco then cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the bottom half when he followed Ibanez 's single with a high drive that just cleared the left-field wall . It was his first homer since joining the Phillies in the trade that brought Cliff Lee to Philadelphia from Cleveland . The Phillies had runners at first	False
Francisco then cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the bottom half when he followed Ibanez 's single with a high drive that just cleared the left-field wall . It was his first homer since joining the Phillies in the trade that brought Cliff Lee to Philadelphia from Cleveland . The Phillies had runners at first and third	False
Francisco then cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the bottom half when he followed Ibanez 's single with a high drive that just cleared the left-field wall . It was his first homer since joining the Phillies in the trade that brought Cliff Lee to Philadelphia from Cleveland . The Phillies had runners at first and third with no outs in the second	True
The Royals batted around in their biggest first inning since scoring five runs on Aug. 29 , 2007 , against Detroit . Butler 's home run was his season-high 13th	False
Vargas gave up eight runs , seven earned , and nine hits in seven innings with three walks and no strikeouts . Seattle trimmed the led to 5 - 2 in the fourth	True
Adrian Beltre , who had four hits to match his career high , doubled and scored on Jack Wilson 's sacrifice fly for the other Seattle run . The Royals expanded their lead in a three - run fifth	True
The Royals expanded their lead in a three - run fifth with Alberto Callaspo , Teahen and Mitch Maier getting RBIs . Chen got Juan Lopez to ground into a double play with runners on the corners to end the fifth	True
Tampa Bay 's All-Star slugger struck out four times , yet continued his torrid hitting against the Red Sox with two homers Tuesday night , including a two - run shot off Takashi Saito with two outs in the bottom of the 13th inning to give the Rays a 4 - 2 victory . Longoria , who has seven homers and 24 RBIs in 11 games against the Red Sox this season , homered in the eighth	True
Longoria , who has seven homers and 24 RBIs in 11 games against the Red Sox this season , homered in the eighth , tying the score 2-all . The Red Sox bullpen worked out of jams in the eighth	True
Longoria , who has seven homers and 24 RBIs in 11 games against the Red Sox this season , homered in the eighth , tying the score 2-all . The Red Sox bullpen worked out of jams in the eighth , ninth	True
Longoria , who has seven homers and 24 RBIs in 11 games against the Red Sox this season , homered in the eighth , tying the score 2-all . The Red Sox bullpen worked out of jams in the eighth , ninth and 10th innings , but could n't do it again in the 13th	True
Longoria , who has seven homers and 24 RBIs in 11 games against the Red Sox this season , homered in the eighth , tying the score 2-all . The Red Sox bullpen worked out of jams in the eighth , ninth and 10th innings , but could n't do it again in the 13th . Boston also squandered an opportunity of its own to take the lead when Dustin Pedroia grounded into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded in the 10th	True
The Red Sox bullpen worked out of jams in the eighth , ninth and 10th innings , but could n't do it again in the 13th . Boston also squandered an opportunity of its own to take the lead when Dustin Pedroia grounded into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded in the 10th . Michel Hernandez walked to start the 13th	True
The third-place Rays remained 5 1/2 games behind first-place New York in the AL East . The second-place Red Sox had their four - game winning streak stopped and fell 1 1/2 games off the pace . The Red Sox wasted a strong performance by Jon Lester , who allowed one run and three hits and struck out 10 in six - plus innings , holding the AL champions scoreless until the seventh	True
The Red Sox wasted a strong performance by Jon Lester , who allowed one run and three hits and struck out 10 in six - plus innings , holding the AL champions scoreless until the seventh . The left-hander hit Carlos Pena with his final pitch of the night , then watched the Rays trim a 2 - 0 deficit to one run with two singles off the bullpen . Jason Bartlett drove in Tampa Bay 's first run with an infield single off Bard . Longoria made it 2 - 2 , homering off the reliever on the first pitch of the eighth	True
Bard , who had n't given up an earned over 14 innings of his last 12 outings , walked Ben Zobrist and compounded Boston 's trouble when he fielded Willy Aybar 's bunt and threw wildly past first base into the right-field corner for an error . Zobrist and Aybar both circled the bases to score on the play , but were sent back to second	False
Bard , who had n't given up an earned over 14 innings of his last 12 outings , walked Ben Zobrist and compounded Boston 's trouble when he fielded Willy Aybar 's bunt and threw wildly past first base into the right-field corner for an error . Zobrist and Aybar both circled the bases to score on the play , but were sent back to second and third	False
Zobrist and Aybar both circled the bases to score on the play , but were sent back to second and third because the ball rolled under an equipment bag in the Rays ' bullpen . Pena walked to load the bases with no outs , but Boston escaped when Bard struck out B. J. Upton and Manny Delcarmen retired pinch-hitters Gabe Gross and Pat Burrell . Kevin Youkilis hit his 20th homer in the second inning and Pedroia connected for his seventh	False
Zobrist and Aybar both circled the bases to score on the play , but were sent back to second and third because the ball rolled under an equipment bag in the Rays ' bullpen . Pena walked to load the bases with no outs , but Boston escaped when Bard struck out B. J. Upton and Manny Delcarmen retired pinch-hitters Gabe Gross and Pat Burrell . Kevin Youkilis hit his 20th homer in the second inning and Pedroia connected for his seventh in the sixth	True
Reynolds hit two more home runs at Citi Field on his 26th birthday , powering Dan Haren and the Diamondbacks to a 6 - 5 victory over the scuffling Mets on Monday night . Reynolds and Miguel Montero capped the Diamondbacks ' three - run first	True
Reynolds hit two more home runs at Citi Field on his 26th birthday , powering Dan Haren and the Diamondbacks to a 6 - 5 victory over the scuffling Mets on Monday night . Reynolds and Miguel Montero capped the Diamondbacks ' three - run first with only the second set of back-to-back homers at New York 's plush new field . Reynolds added a 420-foot , two - run shot off Nelson Figueroa in the second	True
Reynolds has seven long balls in his last seven games to give him 32 on the year and is batting .387 ( 24 - for - 62 ) with eight homers since the All-Star break . He is tied with Wright with four homers at Citi Field this season . The Diamondbacks led 6 - 0 after two innings against Figueroa ( 1 - 1 ) , who was recalled from Triple-A Buffalo with New York needing a fill-in starter because of a rainout last week and subsequent doubleheader . The right-hander , who grew up rooting for the Mets in Brooklyn , failed to make it out of the second	True
The Diamondbacks led 6 - 0 after two innings against Figueroa ( 1 - 1 ) , who was recalled from Triple-A Buffalo with New York needing a fill-in starter because of a rainout last week and subsequent doubleheader . The right-hander , who grew up rooting for the Mets in Brooklyn , failed to make it out of the second in his second start for New York this season . Parra had an RBI single in the first	True
The Diamondbacks led 6 - 0 after two innings against Figueroa ( 1 - 1 ) , who was recalled from Triple-A Buffalo with New York needing a fill-in starter because of a rainout last week and subsequent doubleheader . The right-hander , who grew up rooting for the Mets in Brooklyn , failed to make it out of the second in his second start for New York this season . Parra had an RBI single in the first and Justin Upton singled in a run in the second	True
Parra had an RBI single in the first and Justin Upton singled in a run in the second against Figueroa , who allowed a career-high 10 hits in 1 2/3 innings . Four relievers combined to shut out the Diamondbacks after Figueroa left , giving New York a chance to rally . Castillo hit a two - run single in the Mets ' three - run fifth	True
Parra had an RBI single in the first and Justin Upton singled in a run in the second against Figueroa , who allowed a career-high 10 hits in 1 2/3 innings . Four relievers combined to shut out the Diamondbacks after Figueroa left , giving New York a chance to rally . Castillo hit a two - run single in the Mets ' three - run fifth and Murphy went deep for his seventh homer to make it 6 - 5 in the sixth	True
Four relievers combined to shut out the Diamondbacks after Figueroa left , giving New York a chance to rally . Castillo hit a two - run single in the Mets ' three - run fifth and Murphy went deep for his seventh homer to make it 6 - 5 in the sixth . New York had a chance to tie it in the eighth	False
Four relievers combined to shut out the Diamondbacks after Figueroa left , giving New York a chance to rally . Castillo hit a two - run single in the Mets ' three - run fifth and Murphy went deep for his seventh homer to make it 6 - 5 in the sixth . New York had a chance to tie it in the eighth but could n't come up with a big hit . Gary Sheffield doubled with one out against Jon Rauch but Murphy fouled out and Jeff Francoeur hit a harmless bouncer to third	False
Four relievers combined to shut out the Diamondbacks after Figueroa left , giving New York a chance to rally . Castillo hit a two - run single in the Mets ' three - run fifth and Murphy went deep for his seventh homer to make it 6 - 5 in the sixth . New York had a chance to tie it in the eighth but could n't come up with a big hit . Gary Sheffield doubled with one out against Jon Rauch but Murphy fouled out and Jeff Francoeur hit a harmless bouncer to third to end the inning . Chad Qualls then worked a perfect ninth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Scott Feldman put his worst start of the season in his rearview mirror . Feldman pitched seven strong innings , Jarrod Saltalamacchia broke a tie with a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Feldman left a tie game , and the offense set him up for the decision . Nelson Cruz led off the seventh	True
C. J. Wilson got three outs for his 13th save in 15 chances , but it was n't easy . Wilson hit Russell Branyan with a pitch and gave up a single to Jose Lopez . The runners advanced to second	False
C. J. Wilson got three outs for his 13th save in 15 chances , but it was n't easy . Wilson hit Russell Branyan with a pitch and gave up a single to Jose Lopez . The runners advanced to second and third	False
Wilson hit Russell Branyan with a pitch and gave up a single to Jose Lopez . The runners advanced to second and third on a ground out , but Wilson struck out Jack Hannahan and Jack Wilson . The game ended in controversy when Wilson insisted that the final pitch tipped off his bat for a foul ball . But home plate umpire D. J. Reyburn ruled that Wilson swung and missed at the pitch in the dirt , and when Wilson did n't run to first	False
Ichiro Suzuki had two hits for the Mariners , who 've lost seven of 10 and are 4 - 10 against Texas this season . Feldman allowed one hit over the first five innings -- Suzuki 's single in the fourth -- before running into trouble in the sixth	True
Branyan 's RBI ground out got the Mariners even at 1 , and Lopez 's bloop single made it 2 - 1 . Young 's leadoff homer in the sixth	True
Young 's leadoff homer in the sixth off the top of the wall in left-center tied it at 2 . Rangers second baseman Omar Vizquel made a heady defensive play in the sixth	True
Young 's leadoff homer in the sixth off the top of the wall in left-center tied it at 2 . Rangers second baseman Omar Vizquel made a heady defensive play in the sixth to send the speedy Suzuki back to the dugout . Suzuki led off with a single and Branyan hit a pop-up into short right field . Vizquel allowed the ball to drop , then fired to second	False
Ian Snell , acquired last week in a trade with the Pittsburgh Pirates , was sharp in his Mariners debut , allowing two runs and three hits in six innings . Manager Don Wakamatsu went to the bullpen in the seventh	True
Snell had been 2 - 8 with a 5.36 ERA in 15 starts for the Pirates before he was demoted to Triple-A Indianapolis , where he was 2 - 2 with a 0.96 ERA in six starts before the trade . Snell gave up Murphy 's solo homer in the first	True
Snell had been 2 - 8 with a 5.36 ERA in 15 starts for the Pirates before he was demoted to Triple-A Indianapolis , where he was 2 - 2 with a 0.96 ERA in six starts before the trade . Snell gave up Murphy 's solo homer in the first , and did n't allow another hit until Elvis Andrus ' two - out double in the fifth	True
Pavano added that he ca n't worry about trade rumors or be concerned about recent roster changes . Sizemore capped Cleveland 's five - run fourth	True
Pavano added that he ca n't worry about trade rumors or be concerned about recent roster changes . Sizemore capped Cleveland 's five - run fourth with his 15th homer . Cabrera 's fifth	False
Pavano added that he ca n't worry about trade rumors or be concerned about recent roster changes . Sizemore capped Cleveland 's five - run fourth with his 15th homer . Cabrera 's fifth of the season made it 8 - 0 in the sixth	True
Tigers manager Jim Leyland said he thought the right-hander was aiming the ball . Ramon Santiago hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Ramon Santiago hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth to account for Detroit 's only run . Cabrera helped the Indians get off to a fast start in the first	True
Cabrera helped the Indians get off to a fast start in the first . He singled with one out and scored when Shin-Soo Choo doubled into the left-field corner . Leyland argued Cabrera should have been held at third	False
`` It 's just a day I know I wo n't forget . A day I know I 'll remember . '' McCutchen hit three shots to left -- one just inside the foul pole to lead off the first	True
`` It 's just a day I know I wo n't forget . A day I know I 'll remember . '' McCutchen hit three shots to left -- one just inside the foul pole to lead off the first , one with Brandon Moss aboard in the fourth	True
`` It 's just a day I know I wo n't forget . A day I know I 'll remember . '' McCutchen hit three shots to left -- one just inside the foul pole to lead off the first , one with Brandon Moss aboard in the fourth , and another with Moss and Ramon Vazquez on to give Pittsburgh an 11 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
`` You never [ envision ] a guy hitting three home runs in one game -- that 's just one of those things that happens . But he 's got tremendous bat speed and he 's got the ability to drive the ball . '' With a chance at a record-tying fourth homer in the eighth	True
Ryan Zimmerman and former Pirate Nyjer Morgan each had three hits for the Nationals . The 22-year-old McCutchen singled and scored on Lastings Milledge 's two - run double in the third	True
Each homer came off a different pitcher : Craig Stammen and relievers Tyler Clippard and Logan Kensing . McCutchen 's second	False
McCutchen 's second and third homers highlighted four - run innings . LaRoche had an RBI triple and Moss added a run-scoring single in the fourth ahead of McCutchen . In the sixth	True
Vasquez ( 2 - 5 ) earned the win but did n't pitch well enough to keep his job . He was optioned to Triple-A Indianapolis after the game to make room in the rotation for Kevin Hart , whom Pittsburgh acquired in a trade with the Chicago Cubs Thursday . The Pirates recalled right-hander Steven Jackson from Indianapolis to pitch out of the bullpen . Vasquez allowed two runs in the first	True
The stint was Jimenez 's longest since he threw his only complete game of the season in a 6 - 4 win over Seattle on June 12 . He had n't gone more than seven innings in any of his next eight starts . Left-hander Joe Beimel , acquired from Washington just before Friday 's non-waiver trade deadline , pitched the ninth	True
Reds third baseman Scott Rolen went 0 - for - 4 in his first game with Cincinnati after being acquired Friday in a trade with Toronto . Rolen , who arrived in Cincinnati from Oakland about 4 a.m. , turned down the chance offered by manager Dusty Baker to take the night off . Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead on Joey Votto 's RBI groundout . Jonny Gomes made it 2 - 0 with a solo home run to left field , his 11th	False
Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead on Joey Votto 's RBI groundout . Jonny Gomes made it 2 - 0 with a solo home run to left field , his 11th of the season , on a 100 mph pitch . Colorado wiped that out with a three - run fourth	True
Colorado wiped that out with a three - run fourth . Stewart drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single , snapping a 0 - for - 12 slump , and Carlos Gonzalez gave the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead with a sacrifice fly . That was all Jimenez needed . Smith hit a solo home run to right with one out in the fifth	True
Colorado wiped that out with a three - run fourth . Stewart drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single , snapping a 0 - for - 12 slump , and Carlos Gonzalez gave the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead with a sacrifice fly . That was all Jimenez needed . Smith hit a solo home run to right with one out in the fifth , his ninth homer of the season and first since July 16 at San Diego . Colorado added a run in the sixth	False
Colorado wiped that out with a three - run fourth . Stewart drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single , snapping a 0 - for - 12 slump , and Carlos Gonzalez gave the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead with a sacrifice fly . That was all Jimenez needed . Smith hit a solo home run to right with one out in the fifth , his ninth homer of the season and first since July 16 at San Diego . Colorado added a run in the sixth when Brad Hawpe led off with a single and scored all the way from first	False
That was the last hit allowed by Cincinnati starter Homer Bailey ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up five runs in 5 1/3 innings as the Reds suffered their 11th loss in their last 12 games . Colorado added a run on Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly off of Carlos Fisher in the ninth	True
Morrow allowed one hit over eight impressive innings and Ken Griffey Jr. hit a three - run homer , sending Seattle to a 7 - 0 victory over the Athletics on Wednesday night . Griffey 's 629th career home run came in the first inning . Morrow ( 2 - 4 ) yielded only an infield single to Rajai Davis in the fourth	True
Morrow , selected fifth overall in the 2006 amateur draft , began the season as the team 's closer but shifted to starter , ultimately failing to secure his spot . He also spent much of the season with Tacoma trying to find his rhythm . Morrow threw 105 pitches in the longest start of his career . He tired in the eighth	True
Morrow also set a career high for strikeouts with nine . Previously , his best outing was his first career start on Sept. 5 , 2008 , when he held the Yankees to one hit over 7 2/3 innings in a 3 - 1 victory . Shawn Kelley worked the ninth	True
Shawn Kelley worked the ninth , allowing a two - out single to Landon Powell . It was the fourth time Mariners pitchers have held the opponent to two hits or fewer . Adam Moore , who entered in the second	True
Shawn Kelley worked the ninth , allowing a two - out single to Landon Powell . It was the fourth time Mariners pitchers have held the opponent to two hits or fewer . Adam Moore , who entered in the second after catcher Kenji Johjima was hit on the left elbow with a pitch , had a solo shot in the fourth	True
Morrow was sent down to the minors during the All-Star break . Griffey hit his second home run in two nights and his 18th this season . It traveled an estimated 421 feet to straightaway center , just his second	False
Mortensen , making his seventh big league appearance , threw 55 pitches in his one inning plus three batters . It was the third time Oakland has been held to two hits this season . It also was the ninth shutout against the A 's and the 10th	False
The Coors Field faithful certainly hope so , holding up Rocktober-themed signs . Even Helton showed rare emotion after his drive in the third	True
Hammel is making a case for a postseason rotation spot should the Rockies make it . The right-hander worked his way out of a sticky situation in the fifth	True
Hammel is making a case for a postseason rotation spot should the Rockies make it . The right-hander worked his way out of a sticky situation in the fifth , when he had runners on first	False
Hammel is making a case for a postseason rotation spot should the Rockies make it . The right-hander worked his way out of a sticky situation in the fifth , when he had runners on first and second	False
Bronson Arroyo allowed one run and four hits in 8 1/3 innings , falling just short of his fourth complete game of the season . The right-hander improved to 7 - 5 with a 2.07 ERA in his last 16 starts , tying his career high with his 15th victory of the season . Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker replaced Arroyo with Nick Masset after Mark DeRosa flied out with a runner on first	False
The Cardinals loaded the bases before Ryan Ludwick struck out to end the game . Cincinnati scored twice in the second	True
The Cardinals loaded the bases before Ryan Ludwick struck out to end the game . Cincinnati scored twice in the second and four in the third	False
Balls are supposed to be rubbed with a special mud before each game , a job usually performed by the home team 's clubhouse crew . Smoltz threw 43 of his 87 pitches in the second	True
Smoltz , who signed with St. Louis as a free agent on Aug. 19 , is 0 - 3 in six starts since winning at San Diego in his Cardinals debut on Aug. 23 . Arroyo ( 15 - 13 ) retired his first nine batters before Skip Schumaker led off the fourth	True
Nolasco 's 16 strikeouts were the most in the majors since Johan Santana fanned 17 for Minnesota against Texas on Aug. 19 , 2007 , according to STATS LLC . Trying to make a late push for the playoffs , the Braves rallied for two runs in the ninth inning and had a chance to win after loading the bases with two outs . But Atlanta lost its second straight when Matt Diaz got hung up between third	False
Trying to make a late push for the playoffs , the Braves rallied for two runs in the ninth inning and had a chance to win after loading the bases with two outs . But Atlanta lost its second straight when Matt Diaz got hung up between third and home following a low pitch that squirted away from catcher Ronny Paulino . With Martin Prado batting , Diaz initially broke for the plate , hesitated twice , then tried to scamper back to third	False
Diaz 's mistake gave Brendan Donnelly his second save , though he did not retire a batter . Donnelly had just been brought in to replace closer Leo Nunez . Nolasco 's streak of nine straight strikeouts ended with a leadoff double by Adam LaRoche in the sixth	True
That mark was set by Roger Clemens ( twice ) and Kerry Wood . Randy Johnson also struck out 20 in the first nine innings of an 11-inning game for Arizona on May 8 , 2001 . Nolasco ( 13 - 9 ) , who struck out 14 of his first 19 batters , set a Marlins record with No . 15 when Diaz fanned for the final out of the seventh	True
That mark was set by Roger Clemens ( twice ) and Kerry Wood . Randy Johnson also struck out 20 in the first nine innings of an 11-inning game for Arizona on May 8 , 2001 . Nolasco ( 13 - 9 ) , who struck out 14 of his first 19 batters , set a Marlins record with No . 15 when Diaz fanned for the final out of the seventh . His final strikeout came against rookie Brooks Conrad for the first	True
That mark was set by Roger Clemens ( twice ) and Kerry Wood . Randy Johnson also struck out 20 in the first nine innings of an 11-inning game for Arizona on May 8 , 2001 . Nolasco ( 13 - 9 ) , who struck out 14 of his first 19 batters , set a Marlins record with No . 15 when Diaz fanned for the final out of the seventh . His final strikeout came against rookie Brooks Conrad for the first out of the eighth	True
A. J. Burnett held the previous Florida record of 14 strikeouts , which he accomplished twice . Nolasco 's night ended after 123 pitches when manager Fredi Gonzalez brought in Dan Meyer with two outs in the eighth	True
A. J. Burnett held the previous Florida record of 14 strikeouts , which he accomplished twice . Nolasco 's night ended after 123 pitches when manager Fredi Gonzalez brought in Dan Meyer with two outs in the eighth and a runner on first	False
Nolasco 's night ended after 123 pitches when manager Fredi Gonzalez brought in Dan Meyer with two outs in the eighth and a runner on first . Meyer retired Chipper Jones on a liner to end the inning . Atlanta scored twice in the ninth	False
Nolasco 's night ended after 123 pitches when manager Fredi Gonzalez brought in Dan Meyer with two outs in the eighth and a runner on first . Meyer retired Chipper Jones on a liner to end the inning . Atlanta scored twice in the ninth on Yunel Escobar 's RBI single and pinch-hitter Omar Infante 's RBI single . LaRoche hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
Nolasco was 1 - 3 with a 7.44 ERA with 10 homers allowed in his previous six starts against the Braves . After winning 15 games last season , the right-hander got off to a rough start this year and was sent to the minors for a two - week stretch that ended June 7 . The Marlins , already eliminated from playoff contention , took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Marlins , already eliminated from playoff contention , took a 3 - 0 lead in the third against starter Javier Vazquez ( 15 - 10 ) on Jorge Cantu 's RBI single , a wild pitch and Dan Uggla 's RBI single . Ross Gload added a two - run homer off Vazquez in the fifth	True
Randy Wells ( 11 - 10 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits over 5 2/3 innings for Chicago . Bobby Scales had an RBI triple . Sergio Romo got the first two outs of the ninth	True
The Cubs had won six of seven to clinch at least a .500 record for the season . San Francisco scored three runs in the sixth	True
NEW YORK -- Put the bubbly on ice for the first clinching celebration at the new Yankee Stadium . With another dominant performance by CC Sabathia , the New York Yankees ' magic number for winning the AL East is down to one . Sabathia ( 19 - 7 ) combined on a two - hitter with Phil Hughes and Mariano Rivera to become the major leagues ' first 19-game winner , Robinson Cano hit a tiebreaking , opposite-field homer in the sixth	True
NEW YORK -- Put the bubbly on ice for the first clinching celebration at the new Yankee Stadium . With another dominant performance by CC Sabathia , the New York Yankees ' magic number for winning the AL East is down to one . Sabathia ( 19 - 7 ) combined on a two - hitter with Phil Hughes and Mariano Rivera to become the major leagues ' first 19-game winner , Robinson Cano hit a tiebreaking , opposite-field homer in the sixth against Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 3 - 6 ) that bounced off the top of the left-field fence and Johnny Damon slapped a soft , two - run single in the eighth	True
Boston 's magic number for a playoff berth stayed stuck at three . Sabathia pitched 5 2/3 hitless innings against Red Sox on Aug. 8 before Jacoby Ellsbury singled , and Sabathia threw shutout ball over 7 2/3 innings that day . This time he retired his first 11 batters before walking Victor Martinez in the fourth	True
Boston 's magic number for a playoff berth stayed stuck at three . Sabathia pitched 5 2/3 hitless innings against Red Sox on Aug. 8 before Jacoby Ellsbury singled , and Sabathia threw shutout ball over 7 2/3 innings that day . This time he retired his first 11 batters before walking Victor Martinez in the fourth , and Sabathia allowed his only hit when Mike Lowell singled up the middle past second baseman Cano leading off the fifth	True
In his third start following nearly two months on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder , Matsuzaka pitched to Martinez for the first time and allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , walked five and hit a batter . Through five innings , the Yankees were 0 for 11 with runners in scoring position and stranded nine runners , including six on second	False
In his third start following nearly two months on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder , Matsuzaka pitched to Martinez for the first time and allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , walked five and hit a batter . Through five innings , the Yankees were 0 for 11 with runners in scoring position and stranded nine runners , including six on second or third	False
In his third start following nearly two months on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder , Matsuzaka pitched to Martinez for the first time and allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , walked five and hit a batter . Through five innings , the Yankees were 0 for 11 with runners in scoring position and stranded nine runners , including six on second or third . Cano homered leading off the bottom of the sixth	True
Justin Lehr ( 5 - 2 ) went five innings for Cincinnati , yielding four runs and six hits . Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second	True
Justin Lehr ( 5 - 2 ) went five innings for Cincinnati , yielding four runs and six hits . Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third	True
Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third against Lehr , who tied a club record when he allowed five homers Sept. 16 outing against Houston . Cincinnati pushed across two runs in the second	True
Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third against Lehr , who tied a club record when he allowed five homers Sept. 16 outing against Houston . Cincinnati pushed across two runs in the second , three in the third	False
Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third against Lehr , who tied a club record when he allowed five homers Sept. 16 outing against Houston . Cincinnati pushed across two runs in the second , three in the third and made it 8 - 2 with three in the fifth	False
Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third against Lehr , who tied a club record when he allowed five homers Sept. 16 outing against Houston . Cincinnati pushed across two runs in the second , three in the third and made it 8 - 2 with three in the fifth . Nix hit a two - run drive off Felipe Paulino ( 2 - 11 ) in the second	True
Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third against Lehr , who tied a club record when he allowed five homers Sept. 16 outing against Houston . Cincinnati pushed across two runs in the second , three in the third and made it 8 - 2 with three in the fifth . Nix hit a two - run drive off Felipe Paulino ( 2 - 11 ) in the second for his 14th homer and added a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third against Lehr , who tied a club record when he allowed five homers Sept. 16 outing against Houston . Cincinnati pushed across two runs in the second , three in the third and made it 8 - 2 with three in the fifth . Nix hit a two - run drive off Felipe Paulino ( 2 - 11 ) in the second for his 14th homer and added a sacrifice fly in the third . Francisco had a two - run single in the third	False
Hunter Pence hit a solo drive in the second and Tejada connected in the third against Lehr , who tied a club record when he allowed five homers Sept. 16 outing against Houston . Cincinnati pushed across two runs in the second , three in the third and made it 8 - 2 with three in the fifth . Nix hit a two - run drive off Felipe Paulino ( 2 - 11 ) in the second for his 14th homer and added a sacrifice fly in the third . Francisco had a two - run single in the third and Miller doubled in a pair of runs in the fifth	False
After winning 19 games in 2007 , Carmona has been a mystery . He slumped to 8 - 7 last season and struggled so badly this year that the Indians sent him down to rookie ball in June . Michael Aubrey hit an RBI single in the second	True
After winning 19 games in 2007 , Carmona has been a mystery . He slumped to 8 - 7 last season and struggled so badly this year that the Indians sent him down to rookie ball in June . Michael Aubrey hit an RBI single in the second and Nick Markakis homered in the sixth	True
Michael Aubrey hit an RBI single in the second and Nick Markakis homered in the sixth for Baltimore . Valbuena 's leadoff drive keyed a three - run fifth	True
Valbuena 's leadoff drive keyed a three - run fifth against rookie right-hander David Hernandez ( 4 - 9 ) . Marson had an RBI double and a throwing error by third baseman Melvin Mora allowed the final run to score . Marson also drew a bases-loaded walk in the eighth	True
Jackson knows that with the season winding down , the onus is on the starters to come through . Ryan Raburn homered in the third	True
Ryan Raburn homered in the third off Aaron Laffey ( 7 - 7 ) and threw out a runner at the plate from left field an inning earlier . Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) improved to 4 - 0 in five starts against Cleveland . He gave up seven hits and got out of jams in the fifth	True
Ryan Raburn homered in the third off Aaron Laffey ( 7 - 7 ) and threw out a runner at the plate from left field an inning earlier . Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) improved to 4 - 0 in five starts against Cleveland . He gave up seven hits and got out of jams in the fifth and sixth	True
Ryan Raburn homered in the third off Aaron Laffey ( 7 - 7 ) and threw out a runner at the plate from left field an inning earlier . Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) improved to 4 - 0 in five starts against Cleveland . He gave up seven hits and got out of jams in the fifth and sixth with inning-ending double plays . Jackson also got a big assist from Raburn , who gunned down Matt LaPorta at home to end the second	True
Jackson has n't gotten much run support all season and the Tigers were n't able to do much with Laffey , who allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings but lost his fourth straight start . It was the 16th time in 31 starts that Jackson has gone at least seven innings . The Indians closed within 3 - 1 in the eighth	True
Jackson has n't gotten much run support all season and the Tigers were n't able to do much with Laffey , who allowed one run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings but lost his fourth straight start . It was the 16th time in 31 starts that Jackson has gone at least seven innings . The Indians closed within 3 - 1 in the eighth off Detroit relievers Bobby Seay and Brandon Lyon , who gave up a bases-loaded walk to pinch-hitter Jamey Carroll before striking out Luis Valbuena to crush the threat . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
The Indians closed within 3 - 1 in the eighth off Detroit relievers Bobby Seay and Brandon Lyon , who gave up a bases-loaded walk to pinch-hitter Jamey Carroll before striking out Luis Valbuena to crush the threat . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 35 tries . Leading 1 - 0 on Raburn 's homer , Detroit tacked on two big runs in the eighth	True
Redding ( 3 - 6 ) outpitched left-hander John Lannan , who grew up in nearby Long Beach and tossed complete games against the Mets the previous two times he faced them this season -- including a shutout . Lannan ( 9 - 12 ) was on his game again , needing just 74 pitches to get through seven efficient innings . But the Mets scored twice in the seventh	True
Normally a middle infielder , Desmond had to borrow an outfielder 's glove from teammate Justin Maxwell . Francoeur followed with his second double of the game , putting New York ahead , and moved to third	False
Francoeur is 19 for 40 ( .475 ) in his last 10 games . He 's also 10 for 19 with six RBIs in his career against Lannan . Redding , who yielded only a bunt single through the first six innings , was lifted after Josh Bard 's leadoff double in the eighth	True
An ugly throwing error by reliever Sean Green cut it to 3 - 2 , but Pedro Feliciano retired Dunn on a grounder with runners at the corners to end the inning . Francisco Rodriguez worked a perfect ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez worked a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 38 chances , helped by Luis Castillo 's diving play at second base . Desmond struck out to end it . After losing 1 - 0 to Philadelphia 's Pedro Martinez in his previous start , Redding faced the minimum through 5 2/3 innings before Lannan 's walk in the sixth	True
Redding also singled for his second hit this season . When he came out , he received a warm ovation from the crowd of 37,906 on a beautiful afternoon . Dunn tied it at 1 in the seventh	True
Dunn tied it at 1 in the seventh with a single , his 100th RBI . Francoeur hit a leadoff double in the second	True
Justin Upton hit a three - run homer for Arizona but otherwise Jason Hammel shut down the Diamondbacks for his first victory in seven starts . Upton also had an RBI sacrifice fly . Ryan Spilborgh drove in two runs for Colorado with a pinch-hit single in the seventh	True
Justin Upton hit a three - run homer for Arizona but otherwise Jason Hammel shut down the Diamondbacks for his first victory in seven starts . Upton also had an RBI sacrifice fly . Ryan Spilborgh drove in two runs for Colorado with a pinch-hit single in the seventh and a double in the ninth	False
Hammel ( 9 - 8 ) , whose last victory came Aug. 20 at Washington , allowed three runs on four hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking two . He has suffered from a lack of run support in the recent past . The Rockies scored the go-ahead run on left fielder Gerardo Parra 's throwing error in the fourth	True
Hammel ( 9 - 8 ) , whose last victory came Aug. 20 at Washington , allowed three runs on four hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking two . He has suffered from a lack of run support in the recent past . The Rockies scored the go-ahead run on left fielder Gerardo Parra 's throwing error in the fourth . Spilborghs ' pinch-hit single made it 5 - 3 in the seventh	False
The Rockies scored the go-ahead run on left fielder Gerardo Parra 's throwing error in the fourth . Spilborghs ' pinch-hit single made it 5 - 3 in the seventh . Arizona cut it to 5 - 4 in the eighth	False
The Rockies scored the go-ahead run on left fielder Gerardo Parra 's throwing error in the fourth . Spilborghs ' pinch-hit single made it 5 - 3 in the seventh . Arizona cut it to 5 - 4 in the eighth when Stephen Drew hit his 11th triple , tying him for the major league-lead , then scored on Upton 's sacrifice fly . Colorado put it away with five runs in the ninth	False
Arizona cut it to 5 - 4 in the eighth when Stephen Drew hit his 11th triple , tying him for the major league-lead , then scored on Upton 's sacrifice fly . Colorado put it away with five runs in the ninth . Giambi 's fourth career pinch-hit homer came on the first pitch from reliever Scott Schoeneweis . With the Diamondbacks up 3 - 2 , Tulowitzki singled off Max Scherzer ( 9 - 10 ) to start the fourth	True
Parra made a nice running catch of Ian Stewart 's fly ball , but an ill-advised attempt to throw the runner out at home sailed over the head of catcher Miguel Montero , allowing a second run to score on the play to put Colorado up for good 4 - 3 . Arizona briefly took the lead in the third	True
Scherzer and Chris Young singled to start the inning . After Drew struck out , Upton hit the first pitch from Hammel some 424 feet to left-center for his 25th home run . In the first	True
McGehee singled in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Astros 3 - 2 on Friday night , sending Houston to its fifth straight loss . With one out in the eighth	True
McGehee was claimed off waivers from the Chicago Cubs last October . He played in nine games for them last season . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) picked up the win with a scoreless eighth	True
McGehee was claimed off waivers from the Chicago Cubs last October . He played in nine games for them last season . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) picked up the win with a scoreless eighth . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth	True
David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) picked up the win with a scoreless eighth . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 37 chances . A passed ball spoiled the Astros ' 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
A passed ball spoiled the Astros ' 2 - 1 lead in the seventh as Milwaukee tied the game . J. J. Hardy blooped a single to center off reliever Jeff Fulchino to start the inning . Jason Kendall sacrificed Hardy to second	False
A passed ball spoiled the Astros ' 2 - 1 lead in the seventh as Milwaukee tied the game . J. J. Hardy blooped a single to center off reliever Jeff Fulchino to start the inning . Jason Kendall sacrificed Hardy to second . He went to third	False
On Wednesday , Joey Votto scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch in the seventh inning and the Reds withstood five solo homers in a 6 - 5 victory over the Astros . Miguel Tejada 's run-scoring single off reliever Carlos Villanueva with two out in the sixth put the Astros ahead 2 - 1 . Hunter Pence singled , advanced to second	False
Astros rookie Bud Norris started and left after five innings with a 2 - 1 lead . He had a career-high eight strikeouts and allowed one run on four hits . Chris Narveson started for Manny Parra who missed his second consecutive start for Milwaukee with neck spasms . It was Narveson 's third career start and second	False
Chris Narveson started for Manny Parra who missed his second consecutive start for Milwaukee with neck spasms . It was Narveson 's third career start and second for the Brewers who purchased his contract on Aug. 21 from Triple-A Nashville . He was much better than his last start Sunday at Arizona when he pitched three hitless innings , but then failed to get out of the fourth	True
He was much better than his last start Sunday at Arizona when he pitched three hitless innings , but then failed to get out of the fourth . Against the Astros , he allowed one run on four hits in five innings and left with the scored tied at 1 . Lance Berkman , the only Astro who had previously faced Narveson , led off the second	True
Narveson said that he tried to come inside with a cutter on Berkman , but missed . Corey Hart now has six RBI in eight games since being reinstated from the disabled list on Sept. 8 after undergoing an emergency appendectomy on Aug. 2 . He tied the game in the third	True
Narveson said that he tried to come inside with a cutter on Berkman , but missed . Corey Hart now has six RBI in eight games since being reinstated from the disabled list on Sept. 8 after undergoing an emergency appendectomy on Aug. 2 . He tied the game in the third for Milwaukee when he drove in Lopez who had walked and took third	False
Wainwright said catcher Yadier Molina would have had to block the pitch in the dirt if Uggla had not made contact . Uggla was n't arguing the point . The 23-year-old West ( 7 - 5 ) topped his previous strikeout best of seven in six strong innings . The 6-foot-8 left-hander escaped with minimal damage in the fifth	True
`` Holliday looked a little susceptible to sliders , that 's what I fed him , and I got him twice . '' Leo Nunez , the fourth Florida pitcher , worked the ninth	True
The sellout crowd of 42,895 put the Cardinals over 3 million for the sixth straight season and 11th time in franchise history . They have had 29 sellouts this year . Uggla hit his 29th homer and fourth	False
The sellout crowd of 42,895 put the Cardinals over 3 million for the sixth straight season and 11th time in franchise history . They have had 29 sellouts this year . Uggla hit his 29th homer and fourth in seven games . The two - run go-ahead shot to left with two outs in the sixth	True
The sellout crowd of 42,895 put the Cardinals over 3 million for the sixth straight season and 11th time in franchise history . They have had 29 sellouts this year . Uggla hit his 29th homer and fourth in seven games . The two - run go-ahead shot to left with two outs in the sixth was the first homer allowed in five starts by Wainwright and only the fourth	False
The homer lifted Uggla 's career numbers against the 6 - 7 right-hander to 2 for 15 with two RBIs and seven strikeouts . The Cardinals had two men on with two outs in the third	True
The Cardinals had two men on with two outs in the third before Holliday flied out . St. Louis fell to 33 - 8 since July 1 in starts by their big three of Wainwright , Chris Carpenter and Joel Pineiro . Florida 's Ross Gload beat out an infield hit for his 17th pinch hit in the seventh	True
Janish drove in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning with his third double , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 5 - 4 victory over Houston on Tuesday night . Houston reliever Sammy Gervacio ( 1 - 1 ) opened the seventh	True
Janish drove in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning with his third double , leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 5 - 4 victory over Houston on Tuesday night . Houston reliever Sammy Gervacio ( 1 - 1 ) opened the seventh by hitting Corky Miller . Pitcher Bronson Arroyo ran for Miller and was sacrificed to second	False
Janish , given first crack at the shortstop job after Alex Gonzalez was traded to the Boston Red Sox on Aug. 14 , jokingly credited the presence of his mother , Debbie . Daniel Ray Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) struck out Michael Bourn , the only batter he faced , to end the seventh	True
Daniel Ray Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) struck out Michael Bourn , the only batter he faced , to end the seventh and earn the win . Nick Masset allowed a hit and struck out the side in the eighth	True
Daniel Ray Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) struck out Michael Bourn , the only batter he faced , to end the seventh and earn the win . Nick Masset allowed a hit and struck out the side in the eighth , and Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
The Reds have won three of four . Houston starter Roy Oswalt , roughed up for six runs and 10 hits over two innings while dealing with a bad back in his last start on Sept. 10 , pitched into the sixth	True
Houston starter Roy Oswalt , roughed up for six runs and 10 hits over two innings while dealing with a bad back in his last start on Sept. 10 , pitched into the sixth . He allowed six hits and four runs with no walks and three strikeouts . Kip Wells rebounded from a 28-pitch first inning and lasted 6 2/3 , giving up five hits and four runs with two walks and one strikeout . He retired 13 consecutive batters before Jeff Keppinger 's one - out single in the seventh	True
Kip Wells rebounded from a 28-pitch first inning and lasted 6 2/3 , giving up five hits and four runs with two walks and one strikeout . He retired 13 consecutive batters before Jeff Keppinger 's one - out single in the seventh . Wells got himself immediately into trouble by walking Bourn on four pitches to lead off the game . Bourn , who entered leading the National League with 55 stolen bases , swiped second	False
Wells got himself immediately into trouble by walking Bourn on four pitches to lead off the game . Bourn , who entered leading the National League with 55 stolen bases , swiped second and scored on Kaz Matsui 's lined single to center field . Matsui stole second	False
Wells got himself immediately into trouble by walking Bourn on four pitches to lead off the game . Bourn , who entered leading the National League with 55 stolen bases , swiped second and scored on Kaz Matsui 's lined single to center field . Matsui stole second , moved to third	False
Wells got himself immediately into trouble by walking Bourn on four pitches to lead off the game . Bourn , who entered leading the National League with 55 stolen bases , swiped second and scored on Kaz Matsui 's lined single to center field . Matsui stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a single by Miguel Tejada , who stole second	False
Matsui stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a single by Miguel Tejada , who stole second and scored on Geoff Blum 's single , a sharp grounder that just eluded the diving backhand stab of second baseman Brandon Phillips . Stubbs led off the bottom of the first	True
Stubbs led off the bottom of the first by hitting the first pitch he 'd ever seen from Oswalt into the lower deck in left field for the rookie 's sixth home run since being called up on Aug 19 . Two pitches later , Janish doubled to deep right-center and later scored on Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly . Matsui led off the third inning with his sixth homer of the season and first	False
Matsui led off the third inning with his sixth homer of the season and first in 139 at-bats since Aug. 3 against the San Francisco Giants . The Reds tied it in the sixth	True
Matsui led off the third inning with his sixth homer of the season and first in 139 at-bats since Aug. 3 against the San Francisco Giants . The Reds tied it in the sixth . Janish and Joey Votto led off with doubles , though Janish could only get to third	False
Matsui led off the third inning with his sixth homer of the season and first in 139 at-bats since Aug. 3 against the San Francisco Giants . The Reds tied it in the sixth . Janish and Joey Votto led off with doubles , though Janish could only get to third after waiting to see if left fielder Carlos Lee would make a sliding catch of Votto 's blooper -- he did n't . Doug Brocail relieved Oswalt . Phillips grounded to second	False
The White Sox are a game behind the second-place Minnesota Twins , who beat the Indians . Detroit fell to the lowly Kansas City Royals , 11 - 1 . Ken Griffey Jr. hit his 626th home run -- 15th	False
The White Sox are a game behind the second-place Minnesota Twins , who beat the Indians . Detroit fell to the lowly Kansas City Royals , 11 - 1 . Ken Griffey Jr. hit his 626th home run -- 15th this season -- for the Mariners in the second	True
Ken Griffey Jr. hit his 626th home run -- 15th this season -- for the Mariners in the second , a drive to right-center that landed about 20 rows up in the stands . It came off former Seattle ace Freddy Garcia , the 404th pitcher to give up a homer to Griffey . Kenji Johjima then doubled and Mike Carp followed with an RBI single . In the third	True
Kenji Johjima then doubled and Mike Carp followed with an RBI single . In the third , Jose Lopez added an run-scoring grounder for a 3 - 0 lead . The White Sox responded with a pair of runs in the top of the fourth	True
The White Sox responded with a pair of runs in the top of the fourth . Ian Snell , who was sharp early , gave up a leadoff single to Pierzynski and then walked Paul Konerko . Mark Kotsay laced a double to right for two runs . But Snell then got three straight outs to escape further damage . In the seventh	True
Octavio Dotel got two outs and Matt Thornton pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings before Bobby Jenks , worked an inning for his 29th save , striking out Lopez to end the game . The Mariners lost two players to injury . Shortstop Jack Wilson departed in the seventh	True
The bases-loaded grounder barely eluded first baseman Lance Berkman and second baseman Kazuo Matsui , making a winner of Bronson Arroyo . Bruce broke his wrist making a diving catch against the New York Mets on July 11 . After his big hit Monday , he stayed in the game and made a sliding catch of Miguel Tejada 's liner leading off the ninth	True
Arroyo is 5 - 4 with a 2.11 ERA over his last 13 starts . Baker was glad to see his right-hander get rewarded for pitching well . Arthur Rhodes and Nick Masset teamed up to pitch a scoreless eighth inning . Francisco Cordero worked the ninth	True
Arroyo is 5 - 4 with a 2.11 ERA over his last 13 starts . Baker was glad to see his right-hander get rewarded for pitching well . Arthur Rhodes and Nick Masset teamed up to pitch a scoreless eighth inning . Francisco Cordero worked the ninth for his 35th save , one more than he totaled last season , his first	False
Arthur Rhodes and Nick Masset teamed up to pitch a scoreless eighth inning . Francisco Cordero worked the ninth for his 35th save , one more than he totaled last season , his first with the Reds . Phillips added an insurance run with a one - out solo homer off Jeff Fulchino in the eighth	True
Arthur Rhodes and Nick Masset teamed up to pitch a scoreless eighth inning . Francisco Cordero worked the ninth for his 35th save , one more than he totaled last season , his first with the Reds . Phillips added an insurance run with a one - out solo homer off Jeff Fulchino in the eighth , his 20th of the season and first	False
Houston left-hander Wandy Rodriguez was almost as effective as Arroyo . Rodriguez ( 13 - 10 ) gave up just five hits and two runs with two walks and eight strikeouts while pitching into the seventh inning . Rodriguez scattered four hits and allowed one runner past second base before the Reds broke through in the seventh	True
Rodriguez wanted the chance to pitch out of the jam . Sammy Gervacio was brought in with Gomes on second	False
Rodriguez wanted the chance to pitch out of the jam . Sammy Gervacio was brought in with Gomes on second and Rolen on third	False
Sammy Gervacio was brought in with Gomes on second and Rolen on third . The right-hander struck out pinch-hitter Juan Francisco before intentionally walking pinch-hitter Kevin Barker . Bruce was sent up to bat for Arroyo . Houston brought in left-hander Wesley Wright , who gave up Bruce 's go-ahead hit . Arroyo had retired seven consecutive batters and 12 of 13 when Berkman grounded a broken-bat single through the hole into left field with two outs in the sixth	True
Back in the dugout , Astros pitcher Bud Norris fanned Berkman with a towel . Tejada lined a single to center , too sharply for Lee to score from second	False
Jason Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) allowed four runs and seven hits over six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Rockies have lost all four of his starts against the Giants this season despite his 3.52 ERA against them . Molina , Uribe , Travis Ishikawa and Rowand each singled to open the second	True
Molina , Uribe , Travis Ishikawa and Rowand each singled to open the second , with Rowand driving in two runs . Velez followed with a sacrifice fly . Molina 's 18th home run , a solo shot with two outs in the third	True
Molina 's 18th home run , a solo shot with two outs in the third , and Uribe 's RBI single in the eighth made it 5 - 1 . Despite having runners in scoring position in six of seven innings against Lincecum , the Rockies managed to cross the plate once . Gonzalez tripled ahead of a wild pitch in the seventh	True
Despite having runners in scoring position in six of seven innings against Lincecum , the Rockies managed to cross the plate once . Gonzalez tripled ahead of a wild pitch in the seventh . The Giants added five runs in the eighth	True
The Giants added five runs in the eighth , including a bases-loaded triple by Velez . Uribe singled home a run and Rockies reliever Joel Peralta walked pinch-hitter Lewis on four pitches to force home another . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the eighth	True
The Giants added five runs in the eighth , including a bases-loaded triple by Velez . Uribe singled home a run and Rockies reliever Joel Peralta walked pinch-hitter Lewis on four pitches to force home another . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the eighth for San Francisco and Bob Howry the ninth	False
It 's not just that the Royals did it . It 's how they did it . The offense , mired in a seemingly never-ending slump , produced 11 hits , went 6 for 13 with runners in scoring position . Butler had a double and a run-scoring single off Bobby Seay ( 5 - 3 ) in the seventh	True
Royals relievers came through for the second straight game , picking up after Bruce Chen 's wobbly start . Yasuhiko Yabuta ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two hits in 2 1/3 innings for his second career victory , Roman Colon pitched a perfect eighth	True
Royals relievers came through for the second straight game , picking up after Bruce Chen 's wobbly start . Yasuhiko Yabuta ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two hits in 2 1/3 innings for his second career victory , Roman Colon pitched a perfect eighth and Joakim Soria survived two hits in the ninth	True
This time , it did n't happen . The bullpen held and DeJesus hit a sacrifice fly -- on another close play at the plate involving Betancourt and Raburn -- to give the Royals a two - run lead in the eighth	True
With Troy Tulowitzki and Ian Stewart both out with back ailments , the Rockies went with a makeshift infield . Part of that included Young stepping in at second base . He certainly stepped up at the plate , not only hitting a solo homer , but scoring after a leadoff double in the first	True
When they did n't , he stayed with the slider . Marquis ran into trouble in the eighth	True
When they did n't , he stayed with the slider . Marquis ran into trouble in the eighth , giving up leadoff singles to Drew Sutton and Drew Stubbs . After Paul Janish moved the runners up with a dribbler , Marquis was replaced by Randy Flores , who got Joey Votto to hit into a run-scoring groundout for the second	False
Marquis ran into trouble in the eighth , giving up leadoff singles to Drew Sutton and Drew Stubbs . After Paul Janish moved the runners up with a dribbler , Marquis was replaced by Randy Flores , who got Joey Votto to hit into a run-scoring groundout for the second out . Rafael Betancourt entered the game and enticed Brandon Phillips to hit an inning-ending flyout . Franklin Morales then made it five straight saves filling in for the injured Huston Street by closing out the ninth	True
Todd Helton and Carlos Gonzalez each drove in a run with a sacrifice fly , while Yorvit Torrealba 's single in the second extended his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games . Clint Barmes moved from second	False
Todd Helton and Carlos Gonzalez each drove in a run with a sacrifice fly , while Yorvit Torrealba 's single in the second extended his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games . Clint Barmes moved from second over to short to fill in for Tulowitzki , while Garrett Atkins played third	False
Clint Barmes moved from second over to short to fill in for Tulowitzki , while Garrett Atkins played third in Stewart 's absence . Atkins made a diving stop in the fourth	True
Clint Barmes moved from second over to short to fill in for Tulowitzki , while Garrett Atkins played third in Stewart 's absence . Atkins made a diving stop in the fourth , snaring a grounder in the hole and throwing out Craig Tatum by a half-step at first	False
Atkins made a diving stop in the fourth , snaring a grounder in the hole and throwing out Craig Tatum by a half-step at first . Barmes saved the Rockies a run with his glove in the sixth	True
Atkins made a diving stop in the fourth , snaring a grounder in the hole and throwing out Craig Tatum by a half-step at first . Barmes saved the Rockies a run with his glove in the sixth . With a runner on third	False
Atkins made a diving stop in the fourth , snaring a grounder in the hole and throwing out Craig Tatum by a half-step at first . Barmes saved the Rockies a run with his glove in the sixth . With a runner on third , Barmes stopped a grounder up the middle , pirouetted and threw to first	False
`` Just decided to come out before it would rip off , '' Maloney explained . `` The most frustrating part is it 's probably the best I 've thrown since I 've been up here . '' Pedro Viola made his major league debut in relief of Maloney in the sixth	True
NEW YORK -- Nick Swisher gladly filled in for a silent Derek Jeter . Swisher launched his second home run of the game Tuesday night , hitting a one - out shot in the ninth inning that barely cleared the wall and gave the New York Yankees a 3 - 2 win over Tampa Bay . The Rays lost their season-high seventh	False
Jeter was n't available for postgame interviews . He usually stays around for comment , but this time left after his first three - strikeout game since July 2008 . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The switch-hitting Swisher connected from both sides of the plate . He won it with a left-handed shot off Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) that barely made it over the right-field wall . Swisher homered in the second	True
The switch-hitting Swisher connected from both sides of the plate . He won it with a left-handed shot off Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) that barely made it over the right-field wall . Swisher homered in the second and Alex Rodriguez had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Swisher homered in the second and Alex Rodriguez had an RBI single in the sixth . Swisher has three multihomer games this season -- he connected lefty and righty each time . Of Swisher 's 26 homers this season , only five have come at hitter-friendly Yankee Stadium . Jason Bartlett greeted Yankees reliever Phil Hughes with a leadoff home run in the eighth	True
Plagued by deep pitch counts earlier in the year , Price came out throwing strikes . He gave up only three hits in six innings , walked two and struck out six . Randy Choate retired Jeter on a lineout leading off the eighth	True
Randy Choate retired Jeter on a lineout leading off the eighth , then made the defensive play of the game . The sidearming lefty tracked down Johnny Damon 's drag bunt , lunged for the ball and flipped it with his glove while falling forward for the out . Gaudin took a 2 - 0 lead into the seventh	True
Gaudin took a 2 - 0 lead into the seventh . His winless streak reached 10 starts , before he was traded from San Diego to the Yankees in early August . Gaudin helped himself by picking off speedster Carl Crawford at first base with a quick move in the sixth	True
During that long span between wins , Buehrle pitched well at times . He left two games in which the White Sox had n't scored , another when they had just one run and two others in which they had managed only two . But in three of the outings , he gave up double-digit hits . Buehrle gave up a first-inning run and then pitched his way out of several jams . Leading 3 - 1 , he gave up a leadoff single to Victor Martinez in the eighth	True
Buehrle gave up a first-inning run and then pitched his way out of several jams . Leading 3 - 1 , he gave up a leadoff single to Victor Martinez in the eighth and was replaced by Tony Pena , who struck out Jason Bay and Mike Lowell . Carlos Quentin hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Beckett , who has n't won since Aug. 12 , gave up three runs and six hits over seven innings . He retired his final 10 batters and was able to keep the ball in the park , something he 'd failed to do in his five previous outings when he surrendered 14 homers . Mark Kotsay continued to hurt his former team , hitting a two - run single in the third	True
Kotsay , designated for assignment by the Red Sox on July 24 and traded to Chicago for Brian Anderson four days later , had homered in the first two games of the series and finished with six RBIs in the four - game set . Beckett hit Jayson Nix with a pitch to start the third	True
Beckett hit Jayson Nix with a pitch to start the third and Scott Podsednik followed with his second single of the game . A sacrifice moved the runners up and A. J. Pierzynski hit an RBI grounder that tied it at 1 . Jermaine Dye walked and moved up on a wild pitch , putting runners at second	False
Beckett hit Jayson Nix with a pitch to start the third and Scott Podsednik followed with his second single of the game . A sacrifice moved the runners up and A. J. Pierzynski hit an RBI grounder that tied it at 1 . Jermaine Dye walked and moved up on a wild pitch , putting runners at second and third	False
Jermaine Dye walked and moved up on a wild pitch , putting runners at second and third before Kotsay dropped a soft single into center . Kotsay tried to score from first	False
Kotsay tried to score from first on Quentin 's double into the left-field corner but was thrown out at the plate on a relay from shortstop Alex Gonzalez . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth	True
Kotsay tried to score from first on Quentin 's double into the left-field corner but was thrown out at the plate on a relay from shortstop Alex Gonzalez . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on two singles and a walk , but Buehrle got Martinez on a flyout . Boston had first	False
Kotsay tried to score from first on Quentin 's double into the left-field corner but was thrown out at the plate on a relay from shortstop Alex Gonzalez . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on two singles and a walk , but Buehrle got Martinez on a flyout . Boston had first and second	False
Kotsay tried to score from first on Quentin 's double into the left-field corner but was thrown out at the plate on a relay from shortstop Alex Gonzalez . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth on two singles and a walk , but Buehrle got Martinez on a flyout . Boston had first and second with one out in the sixth	True
Since he 's not overpowering , Buehrle 's forte is to work quickly and use the edges of the plate . That 's how he was able to escape some of the predicaments Monday . Boston finished with eight runners left on . Jacoby Ellsbury singled to lead off the game , stole second	False
Girardi praised Pettitte for `` keeping the damage to a minimum . '' David Robertson worked the seventh	True
Girardi praised Pettitte for `` keeping the damage to a minimum . '' David Robertson worked the seventh , Brian Bruney got two outs in the eighth	True
Derek Jeter returned to the lineup after a day off and got two hits , leaving him seven shy of breaking the Yankees record held by Lou Gehrig ( 2,721 ) . Cano hit a leadoff homer to right in the fourth	True
Derek Jeter returned to the lineup after a day off and got two hits , leaving him seven shy of breaking the Yankees record held by Lou Gehrig ( 2,721 ) . Cano hit a leadoff homer to right in the fourth , his 23rd , and Teixeira led off the fifth	True
This time , Pettitte walked leadoff hitter Marco Scutaro to begin the first inning . Leading 1 - 0 on Melky Cabrera 's RBI single in the second	True
Ruiz ended up grounding out but homered to left-center in his next at-bat . Pettitte walked the next two batters before John McDonald dropped a single into short right that rolled past a charging Eric Hinske , scoring Edwin Encarnacion . Cano retrieved the ball and fired it to the plate in time to nail Jose Bautista , who was trying to score from first	False
Pettitte walked the next two batters before John McDonald dropped a single into short right that rolled past a charging Eric Hinske , scoring Edwin Encarnacion . Cano retrieved the ball and fired it to the plate in time to nail Jose Bautista , who was trying to score from first . Bautista appeared to slide home ahead of the tag from catcher Jorge Posada but was called out by plate umpire Tim Tschida . Leading 3 - 2 on Teixeira 's homer , New York added two more in the sixth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Not much went smoothly for Chris Carpenter , who labored through six innings , got hit by a pitch on the left thumb and flubbed a bunt attempt . Flawed but gritty was good enough to win his 10th straight decision , especially with a five - run cushion after the second	True
Flawed but gritty was good enough to win his 10th straight decision , especially with a five - run cushion after the second . Skip Schumaker was 4 for 4 with two RBIs , pacing a 16-hit attack as the St. Louis Cardinals clobbered the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 3 on Wednesday night . Yadier Molina had a pair of RBI doubles and finished with three hits for the NL Central leaders , whose 10-game lead is the best in baseball . Troy Glaus , activated from the 60-day disabled list from a shoulder injury Monday , struck out as a pinch hitter to end the sixth	True
Yadier Molina had a pair of RBI doubles and finished with three hits for the NL Central leaders , whose 10-game lead is the best in baseball . Troy Glaus , activated from the 60-day disabled list from a shoulder injury Monday , struck out as a pinch hitter to end the sixth in his first at-bat of the season . The Brewers had runners in scoring position every inning except the sixth	True
Bush lasted only 3 1/3 innings and allowed eight runs in his second start coming off a triceps injury from getting struck by a line drive , an injury that sidelined him for two months . Both of his post-injury starts have been messy and the right-hander is 0 - 6 with a 10.50 ERA in eight starts since his last victory on May 19 at Houston . Bush hit two batters , including Carpenter while attempting to sacrifice in the second	True
Bush hit two batters , including Carpenter while attempting to sacrifice in the second , and leads the majors with 12 hit batsmen in only 89 innings . The Cardinals left the bases loaded in the first	True
Bush hit two batters , including Carpenter while attempting to sacrifice in the second , and leads the majors with 12 hit batsmen in only 89 innings . The Cardinals left the bases loaded in the first when Bush got Mark DeRosa on a flyout , then got untracked with six runs on six hits in the second	True
`` It 's a great , tremendous compliment to him , '' San Diego manager Bud Black . `` That 's the type of thing when you look at starters who pass the test of time and guys who take their 33 , 34 , 35 starts each year , that 's what you want out of a starter . '' The Nationals managed just two first-inning singles off Correia before he set down 19 consecutive batters . Wil Nieves broke the string with a leadoff walk in the eighth	True
The Nationals continued to struggle at the plate and have scored just three runs in their last 38 innings , including two runs in this series . After two - out singles by rookie Everth Cabrera and David Eckstein in the fifth	True
After two - out singles by rookie Everth Cabrera and David Eckstein in the fifth , Gonzalez hit a ball to left field that just tailed away from Harris for a double and two RBIs . After an intentional walk to Kevin Kouzmanoff , Headley doubled into right-center field to score two more runs . Rookie Will Venable completed the scoring in the inning with an RBI single . Eckstein added an RBI double in the sixth	True
San Diego has won 14 of 18 games against the Nationals at Petco Park , dating to 2004 , when they were the Montreal Expos . Washington threatened in the first inning against Correia after consecutive two - outs singles by Adam Dunn and Ryan Zimmerman put runners at first	False
San Diego has won 14 of 18 games against the Nationals at Petco Park , dating to 2004 , when they were the Montreal Expos . Washington threatened in the first inning against Correia after consecutive two - outs singles by Adam Dunn and Ryan Zimmerman put runners at first and third	False
Matt Kemp homered for the fourth consecutive game and Ethier drew a bases-loaded walk that forced in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning , sending the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Ethier prevented Arizona from scoring the tying and go-ahead runs with an outstanding catch of pinch-hitter Brandon Allen 's drive in the eighth	True
Clay Zavada issued the key walk to Ethier , who tops the NL West leaders with a career-best 88 RBIs . Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 0 ) earned the victory , allowing one hit in 1 1/3 innings . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 0 ) earned the victory , allowing one hit in 1 1/3 innings . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 35 chances , ending Arizona 's five - game winning streak . Leo Rosales ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in one - third	True
Kemp went 2 for 3 with a walk and scored two runs for the Dodgers , who lost the series opener 5 - 3 in 10 innings Monday . The Diamondbacks tied it at 3 with pinch-hit RBI singles by Rusty Ryal and John Hester in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks tied it at 3 with pinch-hit RBI singles by Rusty Ryal and John Hester in the sixth . The Dodgers scored a run in the third	True
The Diamondbacks tied it at 3 with pinch-hit RBI singles by Rusty Ryal and John Hester in the sixth . The Dodgers scored a run in the third on a throwing error by right fielder Justin Upton . Kemp led off with a single and stole second	False
The Diamondbacks tied it at 3 with pinch-hit RBI singles by Rusty Ryal and John Hester in the sixth . The Dodgers scored a run in the third on a throwing error by right fielder Justin Upton . Kemp led off with a single and stole second before Ethier flied out to right . Upton 's throw to the infield glanced off Kemp between second	False
The Diamondbacks tied it at 3 with pinch-hit RBI singles by Rusty Ryal and John Hester in the sixth . The Dodgers scored a run in the third on a throwing error by right fielder Justin Upton . Kemp led off with a single and stole second before Ethier flied out to right . Upton 's throw to the infield glanced off Kemp between second and third	False
The Diamondbacks tied it at 3 with pinch-hit RBI singles by Rusty Ryal and John Hester in the sixth . The Dodgers scored a run in the third on a throwing error by right fielder Justin Upton . Kemp led off with a single and stole second before Ethier flied out to right . Upton 's throw to the infield glanced off Kemp between second and third as he was trying to get back to the bag and then bounced into foul territory behind third	False
The Dodgers scored a run in the third on a throwing error by right fielder Justin Upton . Kemp led off with a single and stole second before Ethier flied out to right . Upton 's throw to the infield glanced off Kemp between second and third as he was trying to get back to the bag and then bounced into foul territory behind third , allowing Kemp to score for a 3 - 1 lead . Dodgers starter Vicente Padilla got his first RBI since 2005 , giving the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Dodgers starter Vicente Padilla got his first RBI since 2005 , giving the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead in the second . The bloop single to short right field dropped behind the head of first baseman Chad Tracy . Second baseman Ryan Roberts grabbed it and fired to the plate . Russell Martin came diving in headfirst and rolled over as he narrowly avoided the tag of catcher Miguel Montero . The Dodgers tied the score at 1 in the first	True
The five home runs tied a season high for the Yankees , whose new ballpark has produced more homers than any stadium in the majors . Much of the crowd of 25,782 was cheering for New York , so all those long balls made the Yankees feel even more at home in Baltimore . With the score 6-all , Cano led off the seventh	True
The five home runs tied a season high for the Yankees , whose new ballpark has produced more homers than any stadium in the majors . Much of the crowd of 25,782 was cheering for New York , so all those long balls made the Yankees feel even more at home in Baltimore . With the score 6-all , Cano led off the seventh with a double off Chris Ray ( 0 - 3 ) . Swisher then homered to center , his 23rd of the season and second	False
With the score 6-all , Cano led off the seventh with a double off Chris Ray ( 0 - 3 ) . Swisher then homered to center , his 23rd of the season and second in two games . Two pitches later , Hinske homered to left . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) followed starter A. J. Burnett and got three straight outs . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) followed starter A. J. Burnett and got three straight outs . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 38th save , and career-best 34th in a row . Posada hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) followed starter A. J. Burnett and got three straight outs . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 38th save , and career-best 34th in a row . Posada hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two - run homer in the fifth , but the Yankees trailed 6 - 5 in the sixth	True
The Orioles got an uneven pitching performance from rookie David Hernandez , who gave up only four hits in five innings , but three of them were home runs . The right-hander walked six and struck out seven , but the three homers he allowed upped his total to 17 in 79 1/3 innings . With the game tied at 3 in the fifth	True
Earlier in the game , Posada lost track of the count and had to be told to take first base on ball four . In the Baltimore fifth	True
In the Baltimore fifth , Nick Markakis and Nolan Reimold singled before Scott hit a drive that cleared the 25-foot scoreboard in right field and landed on Eutaw Street . New York tied it in the sixth	True
In the Baltimore fifth , Nick Markakis and Nolan Reimold singled before Scott hit a drive that cleared the 25-foot scoreboard in right field and landed on Eutaw Street . New York tied it in the sixth when Alex Rodriguez hit a two - out , broken-bat RBI single , but Posada looked at a third strike with runners on second	False
In the Baltimore fifth , Nick Markakis and Nolan Reimold singled before Scott hit a drive that cleared the 25-foot scoreboard in right field and landed on Eutaw Street . New York tied it in the sixth when Alex Rodriguez hit a two - out , broken-bat RBI single , but Posada looked at a third strike with runners on second and third	False
Lee did a lot of the work himself . When Johnny Damon hit a little popup to the mound , Lee merely stuck out his glove hand to the side and caught the ball as if it were an apple falling from a tree . That play left the Phillies laughing . Later , he made a nifty , behind-the-back stop on Robinson Cano 's one - hopper . He threw the ball to first	False
So Game 1 went to the Phils . But as Yankees manager Joe Girardi observed , `` One thing , he ca n't pitch every day . '' Utley 's solo home runs in the third	True
So Game 1 went to the Phils . But as Yankees manager Joe Girardi observed , `` One thing , he ca n't pitch every day . '' Utley 's solo home runs in the third and sixth innings gave Lee all the support he needed . Raul Ibanez hit a two - run single in the eighth	True
So Game 1 went to the Phils . But as Yankees manager Joe Girardi observed , `` One thing , he ca n't pitch every day . '' Utley 's solo home runs in the third and sixth innings gave Lee all the support he needed . Raul Ibanez hit a two - run single in the eighth and Shane Victorino added an RBI single in the ninth	True
Even though he 's an All-Star , Utley was an unlikely candidate to rock Sabathia , the MVP of the ALCS . Utley was 0 for 7 with five strikeouts against the big Yankees lefty going into the game . Utley won a nine - pitch duel with Sabathia in the third	True
Even though he 's an All-Star , Utley was an unlikely candidate to rock Sabathia , the MVP of the ALCS . Utley was 0 for 7 with five strikeouts against the big Yankees lefty going into the game . Utley won a nine - pitch duel with Sabathia in the third , pulling a 95 mph fastball barely over the right-field wall . The shot was the first	False
Utley won a nine - pitch duel with Sabathia in the third , pulling a 95 mph fastball barely over the right-field wall . The shot was the first by a left-hander allowed by Sabathia at home this year . Utley struck again in the sixth	True
First lady Michelle Obama and Jill Biden were among the crowd of 50,207 , as were a few specks of fans dressed in Phillies red . Yankees owner George Steinbrenner watched from an upstairs box -- he has yet to see his team win in the palace he built . After a rocky postseason , umpires faced just one tricky call and got it right . They huddled after Rollins trapped a popup and threw to first	False
The first-year Yankees star connected against Jose Mijares , hitting a drive that skipped off the top of the left-field wall and into the rollicking , sellout crowd . He tossed aside his batting helmet as he approached home before being mobbed by his teammates . Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer off Joe Nathan in the ninth	True
`` This whole year I'm playing with no expec- Minnesota was hurt by a blown call by left-field umpire Phil Cuzzi in the top of the 11th	True
Nathan was watching the play on a TV in the visiting clubhouse . Minnesota went on to load the bases with no outs but failed to score when David Robertson retired three straight batters . Delmon Young lined out to Teixeira at first	False
Crew chief Tim Tschida said he looked at Mauer 's ball after the game and admitted it was a blown call . Those were the last of the 17 runners the Twins stranded . They 've left 26 on base in the series , and also gave away a run when Gomez committed a baserunning blunder in the fourth	True
Instead , the Twins saw the Yankees ' 16th walkoff win of the season , most in the majors . Nick Blackburn held New York 's lineup to one run and three hits in 5 2/3 crisp innings and three relievers retired seven in a row before Nathan imploded in the ninth	True
Rodriguez 's mammoth drive landed in the Yankees ' bullpen in left-center for his first postseason homer since Game 4 of the 2007 division series against Cleveland . He dropped his bat after the shot , looked into his dugout and clenched his fist as he started to trot around the bases . He raised his right arm as he rounded first	False
After a quick celebration with his teammates , Rodriguez popped his head out of the dugout for an October curtain call . It was the eighth homer allowed by Nathan this year but first	False
It was the eighth homer allowed by Nathan this year but first with a runner on base . Rodriguez 's single in the sixth tied it at 1 but the Twins responded in the eighth	True
It was the eighth homer allowed by Nathan this year but first with a runner on base . Rodriguez 's single in the sixth tied it at 1 but the Twins responded in the eighth , putting runners on first	False
It was the eighth homer allowed by Nathan this year but first with a runner on base . Rodriguez 's single in the sixth tied it at 1 but the Twins responded in the eighth , putting runners on first and third	False
New York 's winning rally washed away all the pregame talk about A. J. Burnett and batterymate Jose Molina , who started in place of longtime Yankees catcher Jorge Posada . Burnett walked five and hit two batters in his first postseason start , but allowed one run and three hits in six innings . Minnesota had a chance to take the lead in the fourth	True
New York 's winning rally washed away all the pregame talk about A. J. Burnett and batterymate Jose Molina , who started in place of longtime Yankees catcher Jorge Posada . Burnett walked five and hit two batters in his first postseason start , but allowed one run and three hits in six innings . Minnesota had a chance to take the lead in the fourth but Gomez slipped rounding second	False
Ian Kinsler doubled and scored two runs for Texas , which finished 8 - 15 after reaching a season-high 19 games over .500 . A surprising run for the AL West title ended with elimination Monday at the division-champion Los Angeles Angels -- months after most thought it would . It was Texas ' latest elimination from postseason contention since 2004 , its last winning season . The Rangers ( 87 - 75 ) finished with the fourth-best record in the AL . This is the first time they have finished second	False
The Rangers ( 87 - 75 ) finished with the fourth-best record in the AL . This is the first time they have finished second or better in consecutive seasons since they won the division in 1998 and ' 99 . His single in the eighth	True
The fans did n't stop until after Griffey emerged from the dugout . The slugger was biting his lower lip as he tipped his helmet one more time . Hernandez ( 19 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one . He left with two outs in the seventh	True
Hernandez ( 19 - 5 ) struck out six and walked one . He left with two outs in the seventh , after consecutive RBI groundouts by Chris Davis and Taylor Teagarden . He finished with a 2.49 ERA , second	False
Hernandez went 15 - 2 with a 1.98 ERA after Wakamatsu called him out for not stepping up during a sloppy loss to the Angels on May 19 . Franklin Gutierrez doubled home Josh Wilson for the second time in as many at bats off Scott Feldman ( 17 - 7 ) to put Seattle up 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Franklin Gutierrez doubled home Josh Wilson for the second time in as many at bats off Scott Feldman ( 17 - 7 ) to put Seattle up 2 - 1 in the fifth . Jose Lopez then doubled home Suzuki and Gutierrez to make it 4 - 1 . Ichiro Suzuki finished with a .352 batting average , second	False
Happ has settled into the rotation , but would go back to the bullpen if that 's where he 's needed . Just one RBI shy of 100 , right fielder Jayson Werth started and went 1 for 4 , missing out on the milestone . The crowd erupted in jeers when Werth was intentionally walked with two outs and the winning run on second	False
Just one RBI shy of 100 , right fielder Jayson Werth started and went 1 for 4 , missing out on the milestone . The crowd erupted in jeers when Werth was intentionally walked with two outs and the winning run on second in the 10th inning . Howard tied Prince Fielder for the NL lead with 141 RBIs and was second	False
The Tigers lost 5 - 1 to the Chicago White Sox . Sunday is the final day of the regular season . Joe Mauer delivered his biggest hit in an MVP-caliber season , a two - out single off Cy Young candidate Zack Greinke that broke a scoreless tie in the sixth	True
Greinke 's ERA rose from 2.06 to 2.16 , the first time in seven starts that number has increased . But the Royals offense finally gave him some run support to avoid his first loss since Aug. 19 . Mike Jacobs responded with a homer and Alex Gordon added a two - run shot off Jose Mijares in Kansas City 's three - run eighth	True
Mike Jacobs responded with a homer and Alex Gordon added a two - run shot off Jose Mijares in Kansas City 's three - run eighth to tie the game . But Cuddyer came through in the eighth	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning . Andrew McCutchen drew a leadoff walk and scored on Andy LaRoche 's double into the left-field corner . The Reds tied it in the second	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning . Andrew McCutchen drew a leadoff walk and scored on Andy LaRoche 's double into the left-field corner . The Reds tied it in the second on Rolen 's leadoff walk and Darnell McDonald 's one - out double to left field . Duke walked three batters in the second	True
Rolen snapped the tie on Duke 's first pitch with two outs in the third inning , hitting it 401 feet into the left-center field seats for his first home run in 51 at-bats since Sept. 9 at Colorado , and his third since being traded to the Reds by Toronto on July 31 . The Reds added to the lead in a three - run fifth	True
Rolen snapped the tie on Duke 's first pitch with two outs in the third inning , hitting it 401 feet into the left-center field seats for his first home run in 51 at-bats since Sept. 9 at Colorado , and his third since being traded to the Reds by Toronto on July 31 . The Reds added to the lead in a three - run fifth . McDonald scored from third	False
The Reds added to the lead in a three - run fifth . McDonald scored from third on a passed ball charged to catcher Jason Jaramillo , and Votto added a two - run double . The Pirates ' Delwyn Young hit a 388-foot shot into the right-field seats for his seventh homer in the sixth	True
The Pirates ' Delwyn Young hit a 388-foot shot into the right-field seats for his seventh homer in the sixth . Cincinnati took a 7 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
Cincinnati took a 7 - 4 lead in the sixth . Willy Taveras , pinch-running after Ramon Hernandez led off with a double , scored on Juan Francisco 's pinch-hit double . Drew Stubbs sacrificed , and Francisco scored on Paul Janish ' suicide squeeze . Votto hit his 25th homer of the season -- an opposite-field 380-foot solo shot into the left-field seats -- in the eighth	True
His next goal is `` to make [ the team ] coming out of spring training and just staying here . '' David Aardsma gave up a solo home run to Jack Cust in the ninth	True
His next goal is `` to make [ the team ] coming out of spring training and just staying here . '' David Aardsma gave up a solo home run to Jack Cust in the ninth , his 25th , but finished for his 37th save in 41 opportunities . He tied Kazuhiro Sasaki for third	False
David Aardsma gave up a solo home run to Jack Cust in the ninth , his 25th , but finished for his 37th save in 41 opportunities . He tied Kazuhiro Sasaki for third on the club 's single-season saves list . Adrian Beltre hit his eighth home run -- the 250th of his career -- on Brett Anderson 's first pitch of the second	True
Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) had not lost since Aug. 30 . He was 4 - 0 in September with a 2.28 ERA and was 8 - 3 with a 3.02 ERA over his previous 16 starts . That mistake was made by third baseman Adam Kennedy and it contributed to the Mariners winning three - run rally in the fifth	True
That mistake was made by third baseman Adam Kennedy and it contributed to the Mariners winning three - run rally in the fifth . With the score tied at 1 , Adam Moore opened with a single and stole second	False
That mistake was made by third baseman Adam Kennedy and it contributed to the Mariners winning three - run rally in the fifth . With the score tied at 1 , Adam Moore opened with a single and stole second , his first big league steal . Franklin Gutierrez walked with two outs then Jose Lopez hit a high hopper that Kennedy took off his chest . He scrambled to retrieve it but not before Moore slid safely into third	False
With the score tied at 1 , Adam Moore opened with a single and stole second , his first big league steal . Franklin Gutierrez walked with two outs then Jose Lopez hit a high hopper that Kennedy took off his chest . He scrambled to retrieve it but not before Moore slid safely into third . Sweeney then stroked a two - run single to right-center . Beltre added another run with a single to left , scoring Lopez from second	False
With the score tied at 1 , Adam Moore opened with a single and stole second , his first big league steal . Franklin Gutierrez walked with two outs then Jose Lopez hit a high hopper that Kennedy took off his chest . He scrambled to retrieve it but not before Moore slid safely into third . Sweeney then stroked a two - run single to right-center . Beltre added another run with a single to left , scoring Lopez from second but Sweeney was thrown out trying to take third	False
Sweeney then stroked a two - run single to right-center . Beltre added another run with a single to left , scoring Lopez from second but Sweeney was thrown out trying to take third . Kurt Suzuki opened the fourth	True
Sweeney then stroked a two - run single to right-center . Beltre added another run with a single to left , scoring Lopez from second but Sweeney was thrown out trying to take third . Kurt Suzuki opened the fourth with his second career triple off the left-field scoreboard . Bill Hall tried to reach it on a jump but it hit above him and bounced 30 yards in front of him and Suzuki easily reached third	False
The 23-year-old Hanson ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs in the second inning and then retired 20 of his last 21 batters . He allowed four hits and struck out seven without a walk . Billy Wagner pitched a hitless the ninth	True
McLouth walked with one out in the third inning and scored on Heyward 's sixth homer . The homer cleared the center field wall , bouncing off a fan in the first row and falling between the stands and the outfield wall . Heyward just missed another homer in the eighth	True
McLouth , the leadoff hitter , had two hits and a walk . Martin Prado singled and scored from third	False
Martin Prado singled and scored from third when a hard grounder by Troy Glaus took a bad hop and hit Astros shortstop Tommy Manzella in his throat in the first inning . Manzella remained in the game after a long visit from the Astros ' trainer , but his neck was red after the game and he had difficulty speaking . The Astros tied the game at 2 in the second	True
And then it was gone . Johnson 's drive cleared the center field wall for his eighth homer of the season , capping a seesaw game that saw abbreviated outings by both starters , a dozen extra-base hits , the ejection of Arizona manager A. J. Hinch and Diamondbacks pitcher Dan Haren 's pinch-hit single in the 10th	True
Chris Young 's three - run homer highlighted a big first inning that put Arizona ahead 6 - 0 . Young matched a career high with five RBIs . Down 11 - 6 , the Diamondbacks came back . They scored twice in the eighth	True
Down 11 - 6 , the Diamondbacks came back . They scored twice in the eighth off reliever Rafael Betancourt to make it 11-all , getting an RBI groundout from Johnson and a run-scoring single by Tony Abreu . Arizona loaded the bases in the ninth	False
In the shortest outing of his career , Colorado starter Greg Smith was chased after the first inning . But the Diamondbacks could n't hold the lead . Carlos Gonzalez led off the second	True
In the shortest outing of his career , Colorado starter Greg Smith was chased after the first inning . But the Diamondbacks could n't hold the lead . Carlos Gonzalez led off the second with his third home run of the season and the Rockies moved in front in the third	True
Hinch said Benson is likely headed for the disabled list . Tulowitzki greeted reliever Leo Rosales with his double and Gonzalez was awarded a sacrifice fly on a popup just beyond first	False
Olivo hit an RBI single and Melvin Mora singled ahead of a two - out , two - run double by reliever Matt Belisle . It was the first hit for Belisle since 2008 , when he was with the Cincinnati Reds . The Rockies made it 11 - 6 in the fourth	True
The Rockies made it 11 - 6 in the fourth on Fowler 's first home run of the season , a two - run single by Mora and Eric Young 's bases-loaded walk off Esmerling Vasquez . Belisle tired near the end of his three - inning relief stint -- his longest outing this season -- giving up consecutive doubles to Abreu and Justin Upton and walking Reynolds on four pitches starting the fifth	True
Molina is only 5 for 22 with runners in scoring position this season , but he capped a comeback against Tim Hudson and the Atlanta bullpen after St. Louis trailed 3 - 0 . Though slow-footed , Molina also got his 15th career stolen base ahead of pinch-hitter Bryan Anderson 's tying double in the seventh	True
Troy Glaus had two hits and an RBI for the Braves , who have been outscored 23 - 9 during their skid . Glaus is a career .567 hitter ( 17 for 30 ) against the Cardinals , who allowed him to leave as a free agent after he missed virtually all of last season rehabbing from shoulder surgery . Martin Prado was 1 for 5 and grounded out to end the game with a runner on first	False
Martin Prado was 1 for 5 and grounded out to end the game with a runner on first , dropping his average to .392 . Albert Pujols had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have won the opener in all but one of seven series . Pujols had a run-scoring groundout in the sixth	True
Martin Prado was 1 for 5 and grounded out to end the game with a runner on first , dropping his average to .392 . Albert Pujols had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have won the opener in all but one of seven series . Pujols had a run-scoring groundout in the sixth and doubled off Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) to open the eighth	True
Albert Pujols had three hits and an RBI for the Cardinals , who have won the opener in all but one of seven series . Pujols had a run-scoring groundout in the sixth and doubled off Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) to open the eighth . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) worked around a pair of two - out walks in the eighth	False
Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) worked around a pair of two - out walks in the eighth , getting Melky Cabrera to line out on a full count . Ryan Franklin finished for his seventh save in seven chances . Both starters allowed three runs in six innings . The Cardinals ' Kyle Lohse finished strong , retiring his last seven batters , but Hudson stumbled late after taking a 2 - 0 lead into the sixth	True
Hudson allowed four singles , a walk and no runs through the first five innings , but four of his last six hitters reached safely . Rasmus had two hits and an intentional walk after going 1 for 18 at home to open the season . He is 12 for 26 during a seven - game hitting streak after hitting his sixth homer to open the seventh	True
Anderson , told after the game he had been optioned to Triple-A Memphis with backup catcher Jason LaRue ( right hamstring ) due to come off the 15-day disabled list , tied it at 3 with a double off Peter Moylan . Pujols dawdled a bit on a drive off the wall in left-center in the first	True
Anderson , told after the game he had been optioned to Triple-A Memphis with backup catcher Jason LaRue ( right hamstring ) due to come off the 15-day disabled list , tied it at 3 with a double off Peter Moylan . Pujols dawdled a bit on a drive off the wall in left-center in the first and paid for it when Cabrera , the left fielder , threw him out trying for second	False
Anderson , told after the game he had been optioned to Triple-A Memphis with backup catcher Jason LaRue ( right hamstring ) due to come off the 15-day disabled list , tied it at 3 with a double off Peter Moylan . Pujols dawdled a bit on a drive off the wall in left-center in the first and paid for it when Cabrera , the left fielder , threw him out trying for second to end the first	True
Anderson , told after the game he had been optioned to Triple-A Memphis with backup catcher Jason LaRue ( right hamstring ) due to come off the 15-day disabled list , tied it at 3 with a double off Peter Moylan . Pujols dawdled a bit on a drive off the wall in left-center in the first and paid for it when Cabrera , the left fielder , threw him out trying for second to end the first . The Cardinals opened the second	True
Pujols dawdled a bit on a drive off the wall in left-center in the first and paid for it when Cabrera , the left fielder , threw him out trying for second to end the first . The Cardinals opened the second with singles by Matt Holliday and Rasmus but Holliday was out trying to steal on a botched hit-and-run , with Molina throwing his bat in an effort to make contact with an outside pitch . Hudson 's infield hit , ending a 1 - for - 31 start at the plate by Braves pitchers , opened a two - run third	True
Hudson 's infield hit , ending a 1 - for - 31 start at the plate by Braves pitchers , opened a two - run third . Hudson scored on Brian McCann 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly and Glaus added a two - out RBI single . Cabrera beat out an infield hit to open the fourth	True
And , get this : the beleaguered bullpen held . OK , so there were some shaky moments . Josh Rupe bounced pitches until the bases were loaded in the eighth inning and Joakim Soria gave up a run in the ninth	True
Guillen has slid comfortably from right field into the designated hitter 's spot following a 2009 season filled with disappointment and injuries . The 33-year-old Dominican slugger homered in four straight games from April 11 - 14 and entered Sunday tied for first	False
Guillen has slid comfortably from right field into the designated hitter 's spot following a 2009 season filled with disappointment and injuries . The 33-year-old Dominican slugger homered in four straight games from April 11 - 14 and entered Sunday tied for first in the AL with nine multihit games , second	False
Guillen has slid comfortably from right field into the designated hitter 's spot following a 2009 season filled with disappointment and injuries . The 33-year-old Dominican slugger homered in four straight games from April 11 - 14 and entered Sunday tied for first in the AL with nine multihit games , second in total bases ( 49 ) , third	False
Guillen has slid comfortably from right field into the designated hitter 's spot following a 2009 season filled with disappointment and injuries . The 33-year-old Dominican slugger homered in four straight games from April 11 - 14 and entered Sunday tied for first in the AL with nine multihit games , second in total bases ( 49 ) , third in hits ( 25 ) and fourth	False
The 33-year-old Dominican slugger homered in four straight games from April 11 - 14 and entered Sunday tied for first in the AL with nine multihit games , second in total bases ( 49 ) , third in hits ( 25 ) and fourth in slugging ( .690 ) . Guillen twice doubled in runs against the Twins Saturday night and opened Sunday 's game with a sacrifice fly in the first inning . He later broke a 2-all tie in the fifth	True
They got it , though neither was particularly efficient . Bannister worked a perfect first	True
Bannister worked a perfect first and through trouble the rest of the way . He got help in the first inning from third baseman Alex Gordon , who made a diving stop on leadoff hitter Denard Span 's one - hopper and threw him out from one knee . Bannister then gave up two runs in the second	True
He got help in the first inning from third baseman Alex Gordon , who made a diving stop on leadoff hitter Denard Span 's one - hopper and threw him out from one knee . Bannister then gave up two runs in the second , on a shoulder-high pitch that Morneau hit out to right for a solo homer and J. J. Hardy 's run-scoring single to left . The right-hander kept letting runners reach base and kept getting outs after that , leaving in the seventh	True
The right-hander kept letting runners reach base and kept getting outs after that , leaving in the seventh after Orlando Hudson 's one - out single . Slowey , coming off a stellar start against Cleveland on Tuesday , was hurt by Guillen in the first	True
The right-hander kept letting runners reach base and kept getting outs after that , leaving in the seventh after Orlando Hudson 's one - out single . Slowey , coming off a stellar start against Cleveland on Tuesday , was hurt by Guillen in the first and fifth	True
The right-hander kept letting runners reach base and kept getting outs after that , leaving in the seventh after Orlando Hudson 's one - out single . Slowey , coming off a stellar start against Cleveland on Tuesday , was hurt by Guillen in the first and fifth , sandwiched around a run-scoring single by Yuniesky Betancourt in the fourth	True
The right-hander kept letting runners reach base and kept getting outs after that , leaving in the seventh after Orlando Hudson 's one - out single . Slowey , coming off a stellar start against Cleveland on Tuesday , was hurt by Guillen in the first and fifth , sandwiched around a run-scoring single by Yuniesky Betancourt in the fourth . The right-hander gave up a run-scoring triple to Mitch Maier in the sixth	True
Myers did n't think the milestone was a big deal -- especially since it came against a pitcher . Berkman led off the Houston half of the second	True
Berkman led off the Houston half of the second with a homer to left . It was Berkman 's 314th career home run , tying him with Reggie Smith for fifth all-time among switch hitters . Feliz singled later in the inning , stole second	False
Feliz singled later in the inning , stole second and scored on J. R. Towles ' single to put Houston up 2 - 1 . The Astros stole six bases , their highest total since stealing seven in a May 2006 game against Washington . The Astros loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
The Astros loaded the bases with one out in the third . Bourn scored on a fielder 's choice before Feliz drove a two - run single to center for a 5 - 1 lead . Feliz had five RBIs in the series . Brian Bass relieved Morton for the Houston half of the fourth	True
Brian Bass relieved Morton for the Houston half of the fourth and walked Bourn and Jeff Keppinger with one out . Pittsburgh 's pitchers gave up eight walks . Lee then found the gap with a liner to right-center . He slid into third	False
Lee then found the gap with a liner to right-center . He slid into third , Bobby Crosby 's relay throw skipped away from LaRoche and Lee was awarded home for an 8 - 1 lead . The Pirates loaded the bases and added a run in the sixth	True
The Pirates loaded the bases and added a run in the sixth , but Myers got Akinori Iwamura on a groundout to end the threat . Mills replaced Myers with Chris Sampson for the seventh	True
With the game out of hand , Mills wanted to get some of his relievers work . Houston scored two runs in the seventh	True
With the game out of hand , Mills wanted to get some of his relievers work . Houston scored two runs in the seventh off left-hander Brian Burres . Tommy Manzella drove in the first	False
Houston scored two runs in the seventh off left-hander Brian Burres . Tommy Manzella drove in the first with a double to right and Burres yielded a bases-loaded walk to Keppinger to make it 10 - 2 . Jeff Clement doubled and scored in the eighth	False
The rest of Ortiz 's teammates can only hope Martinez is right . Ortiz , who was replaced in the lineup by Mike Lowell , entered hitting .146 with just two RBIs . He homered into the Green Monster seats off Jeremy Guthrie , moving Boston ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
Jim Johnson walked Adrian Beltre with the bases loaded to force in the tiebreaker as the Red Sox posted their ninth straight win over the Orioles . Boston won its third	False
Adam Jones had a two - run homer for Baltimore , which overcame a 3 - 0 deficit but dropped to a major league-worst 2 - 15 this season . The Red Sox loaded the bases with a single and two walks against two relievers in the eighth	True
The Red Sox loaded the bases with a single and two walks against two relievers in the eighth before Beltre took Johnson 's 3 - 1 pitch inside for the go-ahead run . Matt Albers ( 0 - 2 ) gave up J. D. Drew 's leadoff single before retiring the next two batters . Will Ohman walked Martinez intentionally before walking Ortiz on four pitches . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing an inherited runner to score in the eighth	True
The Red Sox loaded the bases with a single and two walks against two relievers in the eighth before Beltre took Johnson 's 3 - 1 pitch inside for the go-ahead run . Matt Albers ( 0 - 2 ) gave up J. D. Drew 's leadoff single before retiring the next two batters . Will Ohman walked Martinez intentionally before walking Ortiz on four pitches . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing an inherited runner to score in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon got Julio Lugo to strike out with runners on first	False
The Red Sox loaded the bases with a single and two walks against two relievers in the eighth before Beltre took Johnson 's 3 - 1 pitch inside for the go-ahead run . Matt Albers ( 0 - 2 ) gave up J. D. Drew 's leadoff single before retiring the next two batters . Will Ohman walked Martinez intentionally before walking Ortiz on four pitches . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing an inherited runner to score in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon got Julio Lugo to strike out with runners on first and second	False
Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing an inherited runner to score in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon got Julio Lugo to strike out with runners on first and second to end it for his fourth save . The Orioles did n't make any excuses on how they gave it away in the eighth	True
Boston starter Jon Lester worked out of three jams , but left in the sixth inning with a 3 - 0 lead . He remained unbeaten in 13 career starts against Baltimore , 10 - 0 with a 2.22 ERA . The Red Sox added runs in the third	True
Boston starter Jon Lester worked out of three jams , but left in the sixth inning with a 3 - 0 lead . He remained unbeaten in 13 career starts against Baltimore , 10 - 0 with a 2.22 ERA . The Red Sox added runs in the third and fifth	True
The Red Sox added runs in the third and fifth to open a 3 - 0 edge . Drew 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
Drew 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third . Beltre singled leading off the fifth	True
Drew 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third . Beltre singled leading off the fifth , advanced on Jeremy Hermida 's infield hit and went to third	False
Beltre singled leading off the fifth , advanced on Jeremy Hermida 's infield hit and went to third on the same play when third baseman Miguel Tejada threw the ball into short right . He then scored on Josh Reddick 's double-play grounder . Jones ' two - run homer off Bard made it 3 - 2 in the seventh	True
Jones ' two - run homer off Bard made it 3 - 2 in the seventh . Matt Wieters doubled against Hideki Okajima leading off the eighth	True
Jones ' two - run homer off Bard made it 3 - 2 in the seventh . Matt Wieters doubled against Hideki Okajima leading off the eighth and former Red Sox shortstop Lugo pinch ran . Delcarmen entered and walked Nolan Reimold before Garrett Atkins , who ended two innings with the bases loaded , bunted into a fielder 's choice -- with a close play at second	False
Matt Wieters doubled against Hideki Okajima leading off the eighth and former Red Sox shortstop Lugo pinch ran . Delcarmen entered and walked Nolan Reimold before Garrett Atkins , who ended two innings with the bases loaded , bunted into a fielder 's choice -- with a close play at second . Pinch hitter Luke Scott 's slow roller to second scored Lugo , tying it 3-all . Atkins took a called third strike against Lester in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters doubled against Hideki Okajima leading off the eighth and former Red Sox shortstop Lugo pinch ran . Delcarmen entered and walked Nolan Reimold before Garrett Atkins , who ended two innings with the bases loaded , bunted into a fielder 's choice -- with a close play at second . Pinch hitter Luke Scott 's slow roller to second scored Lugo , tying it 3-all . Atkins took a called third strike against Lester in the fourth and popped to center off reliever Daniel Bard in the sixth	False
Atilano , a 24-year-old right-hander recalled from Triple-A Syracuse to replace the injured Jason Marquis in the Nationals ' rotation , allowed one run and five hits . He walked two and struck out one . Dunn , who had one homer in Washington 's first 16 games , connected off knuckleballer Charlie Haeger in successive at-bats -- a solo shot to break a 1-all tie in the fourth	True
Atilano , a 24-year-old right-hander recalled from Triple-A Syracuse to replace the injured Jason Marquis in the Nationals ' rotation , allowed one run and five hits . He walked two and struck out one . Dunn , who had one homer in Washington 's first 16 games , connected off knuckleballer Charlie Haeger in successive at-bats -- a solo shot to break a 1-all tie in the fourth and a two - run drive in the sixth	True
Correia did n't allow a hit into the sixth inning and Adrian Gonzalez hit his second career grand slam as San Diego extended its winning streak to seven games . Tony Gwynn Jr. added a two - run homer and Matt Stairs and Everth Cabrera drove in two runs apiece in support of Correia , who did n't allow a hit until Ryan Hanigan led off the sixth	True
Correia ( 3 - 1 ) improved to 6 - 1 in his career against Cincinnati , including 4 - 1 at Great American Ball Park . The Reds reached Correia for three hits and two runs in that inning . He left with two outs . Correia also walked Joey Votto three times and struck out five . Chase Headley led off San Diego 's four - run second inning with a single to center and went to third	False
Chase Headley led off San Diego 's four - run second inning with a single to center and went to third on Will Venable 's double to right . Stairs doubled to virtually the same spot for his first RBIs of the season . Gwynn followed one out later with his first homer , a drive into the visitors ' bullpen down the right field line . Stairs and Gwynn were n't in San Diego 's original starting lineup . They were inserted after Padres manager Bud Black learned that Bronson Arroyo would be starting instead of Johnny Cueto , a decision made at least a day earlier but mistakenly not communicated to the media and San Diego . Stairs ' start was his first	False
Prince Fielder hit his first home run of the season while Edmonds and George Kottaras also connected -- they were among 10 Brewers with an RBI . Milwaukee finished with 12 extra-base hits . Milwaukee led 10 - 0 after five innings and then scored six runs in the seventh	True
Prince Fielder hit his first home run of the season while Edmonds and George Kottaras also connected -- they were among 10 Brewers with an RBI . Milwaukee finished with 12 extra-base hits . Milwaukee led 10 - 0 after five innings and then scored six runs in the seventh and four more in the ninth	False
Edmonds doubled twice and singled . Rickie Weeks doubled twice , singled and scored four times . Randy Wolf ( 2 - 1 ) pitched six scoreless innings and three relievers finished up . The Brewers won their fourth	False
According to STATS LLC , it was the fifth most-lopsided shutout in modern major league history , which began in 1900 . The Cleveland Indians beat the New York Yankees 22 - 0 in 2004 and the Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs by the same score in 1975 . The 35-run differential in a three - game series tied for the third largest ; the largest was 40 runs ( 50 - 10 ) by the Superbas , now the Dodgers , over the Cincinnati Reds in 1901 . Braun hit a three - run homer to end a nine - pitch at-bat in the third inning to push Milwaukee 's lead to 4 - 0 and added a two - run double . Fielder took a while to hit a home run -- he tied for second	False
Fielder started the scoring with his solo home run to center field in the second inning and Braun 's drive in the third made it 4 - 0 . Fielder hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Fielder hit a two - run single in the fourth off D. J. Carrasco . An inning later , Kottaras homered and Braun doubled for a 10 - 0 cushion . Edmonds ' homer highlighted a six - run seventh	True
Fielder hit a two - run single in the fourth off D. J. Carrasco . An inning later , Kottaras homered and Braun doubled for a 10 - 0 cushion . Edmonds ' homer highlighted a six - run seventh off Joel Hanrahan and closer Octavio Dotel gave up four runs in the ninth	True
Buehrle struck out the side in the first inning and retired Carlos Pena on a liner to open the second -- making it 31 up and 31 down in the lefty 's last two games against the Rays -- before B. J. Upton poked a double down the right-field line . It was the first	False
Acquired from the Los Angeles Angels last September , Rodriguez was a spring-training sensation with a .460 average and six homers . During the season , however , he had struggled , entering the game batting .160 with no extra-base hits . Rodriguez , playing for only the second time in a week , doubled to right in the third	True
Acquired from the Los Angeles Angels last September , Rodriguez was a spring-training sensation with a .460 average and six homers . During the season , however , he had struggled , entering the game batting .160 with no extra-base hits . Rodriguez , playing for only the second time in a week , doubled to right in the third and scored the first run on Bartlett 's single . His RBI single capped a four - run fourth	True
Acquired from the Los Angeles Angels last September , Rodriguez was a spring-training sensation with a .460 average and six homers . During the season , however , he had struggled , entering the game batting .160 with no extra-base hits . Rodriguez , playing for only the second time in a week , doubled to right in the third and scored the first run on Bartlett 's single . His RBI single capped a four - run fourth that broke open the game . He added a three - run homer off Tony Pena during a six - run sixth	True
Rodriguez , playing for only the second time in a week , doubled to right in the third and scored the first run on Bartlett 's single . His RBI single capped a four - run fourth that broke open the game . He added a three - run homer off Tony Pena during a six - run sixth . Davis allowed Juan Pierre 's bunt single to start the game and walked three of the next five batters before settling down . He did n't walk anybody else and the only other hit he allowed was Pierre 's line-drive single in the sixth	True
Before the game , Colorado manager Jim Tracy , voice cracking , paid tribute to McGregor . After he spoke of his friend , Tracy went back to his office , gathered himself and prepared for one of the most difficult games he 's had to endure . The Rockies made it look easy with their biggest inning of the season -- scoring eight runs in the third	True
Rockies shortstop Troy Tulowitzki said he thought about McGregor the entire game . The winning pitcher was Jorge De La Rosa , who had a three - run double in the third	True
The winning pitcher was Jorge De La Rosa , who had a three - run double in the third . De La Rosa had his first three - RBI game and won despite allowing four runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . He struck out six and walked four . De La Rosa ( 2 - 1 ) has 18 wins since June 1 -- most in the majors , and helped stake himself to a 10 - 0 lead in the third	True
Six of the runs were charged to Scott Olsen , pulled after Hawpe 's RBI single . Olsen ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs in two - plus innings in his second start of the season . Tulowitzki 's homer and an RBI double by Stewart gave Colorado a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Tulowitzki 's homer and an RBI double by Stewart gave Colorado a 2 - 0 lead in the second . De La Rosa gave up Ryan Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth	True
Tulowitzki 's homer and an RBI double by Stewart gave Colorado a 2 - 0 lead in the second . De La Rosa gave up Ryan Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth and was relieved after allowing a double to Jason Maxwell and an RBI single to Ian Desmond to begin the sixth	True
ATLANTA -- Jason Heyward keeps saving his best for the bottom of the ninth inning . This time , it gave Nate McLouth a chance to follow the rookie 's lead in the 10th	True
ATLANTA -- Jason Heyward keeps saving his best for the bottom of the ninth inning . This time , it gave Nate McLouth a chance to follow the rookie 's lead in the 10th . Heyward hit a tying homer with two outs in the ninth inning , the second	False
ATLANTA -- Jason Heyward keeps saving his best for the bottom of the ninth inning . This time , it gave Nate McLouth a chance to follow the rookie 's lead in the 10th . Heyward hit a tying homer with two outs in the ninth inning , the second of back-to-back shots by Atlanta , and McLouth led off the 10th	True
Heyward hit a tying homer with two outs in the ninth inning , the second of back-to-back shots by Atlanta , and McLouth led off the 10th with another home run to complete the Braves ' comeback in a 4 - 3 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Kyle Kendrick threw eight scoreless innings for Philadelphia , but Ryan Madson blew a 3 - 0 lead in the ninth	True
McLouth 's first homer into the right-field seats came off Jose Contreras ( 0 - 1 ) . Madson took his first blown save in four chances . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Attendance was only 18,032 , the smallest of the first seven home games at Turner Field , in the Braves ' first game against the two - time defending NL champion Phillies . Utley , who had two hits , led off the fourth	True
Utley , who had two hits , led off the fourth with a half-swing double and scored on Ryan Howard 's single . Hanson was pulled after Placido Polanco 's two - out double in the fifth	True
Hanson was pulled after Placido Polanco 's two - out double in the fifth . Eric O'Flaherty gave up Utley 's run-scoring single . Utley added an RBI grounder in the seventh	True
Upton capped a five - run third inning with a three - run homer and Tampa Bay completed a four - game sweep of the Red Sox with an 8 - 2 victory Monday in the annual Patriots Day game . The Rays won their seventh	False
They allowed five unearned runs on Saturday night . Two of their better pitchers -- Jon Lester and John Lackey were shelled . The outfield misplayed balls on Monday . Jeff Niemann ( 1 - 0 ) pitched seven sharp innings , giving up two runs and five hits . He held the Red Sox to three hits until Bill Hall singled off the wall and Hermida followed with his homer into the right-field seats with two outs in the seventh	True
Lackey ( 1 - 1 ) allowed eight runs and nine hits in only 3 1/3 innings . He did n't get much help from the Boston defense , either , with all three outfielders -- Hermida , Hall and J. D. Drew -- misplaying a ball into an extra base or making an error early in the game . There were loud boos when Hall watched a ball carom off the center-field wall and away from him , allowing Jason Bartlett to take third	False
The boos did n't stop when Drew grounded out to end the game . Carl Crawford was successful stealing for the 31st straight time against the Red Sox , swiping second	False
Bartlett opened the game with a double , snapping an 0 - for - 14 stretch , advanced on Crawford 's sacrifice and scored on Ben Zobrist 's grounder . Evan Longoria had a two - run double in the third	True
Evan Longoria had a two - run double in the third and Upton hit his homer into the Red Sox bullpen , just past the outstretched glove of Hall , to make it 6 - 0 . It was Upton 's fourth homer in five games . Bartlett added an RBI triple , chasing Lackey and making it 7 - 0 in the fourth	True
No surprise , then , that Fister took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , befuddling the Orioles while Seattle romped to an 8 - 2 win Monday night . Ken Griffey Jr. hit a two - run single in the Mariners ' 7-run third inning and Casey Kotchman hit a two - run home run in the third	True
No surprise , then , that Fister took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , befuddling the Orioles while Seattle romped to an 8 - 2 win Monday night . Ken Griffey Jr. hit a two - run single in the Mariners ' 7-run third inning and Casey Kotchman hit a two - run home run in the third and a RBI double in the seventh	True
Jack Wilson had three hits , including a pair of doubles . After a two - out walk in the first	True
Jack Wilson had three hits , including a pair of doubles . After a two - out walk in the first , Fister ( 2 - 1 ) retired the next 16 batters in a row before Nick Markakis opened the seventh	True
Fister finished with three hits and one run in his seven innings . He walked one and struck out three . Ty Wigginton hit his fifth home run , a solo shot in the ninth	True
Fister , in just his 13th big-league appearance , was coming off one of his best outings , a three - hit , eight - inning effort Tuesday , a 3 - 0 victory over Oakland . Solid defense , including a nifty cover play at first	False
Fister , in just his 13th big-league appearance , was coming off one of his best outings , a three - hit , eight - inning effort Tuesday , a 3 - 0 victory over Oakland . Solid defense , including a nifty cover play at first by Fister in the sixth	True
Solid defense , including a nifty cover play at first by Fister in the sixth , kept his no-hit bid going . Cesar Izturis bounced a grounder into the right-side hole to open the sixth	True
Solid defense , including a nifty cover play at first by Fister in the sixth , kept his no-hit bid going . Cesar Izturis bounced a grounder into the right-side hole to open the sixth . Figgins managed to snag it , spun completely around and threw an accurate one - hopper to Fister covering first	False
Orioles starter Brad Bergesen ( 0 - 2 ) lasted only 2 2/3 innings . He was charged with six hits , seven runs , though only four were earned , and walked three without a strikeout . Wilson 's one - out double began a string of eight straight batters reaching base in the Mariners ' third	True
Griffey followed with his two - run single through the right side , scoring Figgins and Gutierrez . Milton Bradley launched a RBI double into the left-center gap , but Griffey was thrown out on the relay home . Kotchman finished the rally with a homer into the right-field seats . It was the most prolific inning for the Mariners since a 7-run seventh	True
Hitting , pitching , fielding -- the World Series champions posted a complete game Sunday . Mark Teixeira hit his first home run of the season and Ramiro Pena delivered a key single while filling in for an ailing Derek Jeter , leading Andy Pettitte and the New York Yankees over the Texas Rangers 5 - 2 for a sweep . The Yankees won their fourth	False
A notoriously slow starter , Teixeira hit a most-overdue homer . He shared the AL lead last year at 39 with Tampa Bay 's Carlos Pena . Teixeira led off the third	True
Teixeira 's glovework never seems to suffer despite his slumps -- the first baseman leaped to snag Josh Hamilton 's liner and made a diving , backhanded stop on Matt Treanor 's grounder . The Yankees have played 10 straight games without an error , their best stretch ever in April , the Elias Sports Bureau said . It was 2-all with two outs and the bases loaded later in the third	True
The Yankees are off Monday , and Girardi said Jeter should be OK to play Tuesday at Oakland . Jorge Posada lined a solo home run in the Yankees seventh	True
Harden never found his rhythm , walking six and hitting two batters in 3 2/3 innings . Elvis Andrus hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Michael Young to put Texas ahead 2 - 1 in the third	True
Harden hit Brett Gardner and Teixeira with pitches in the first inning . Making his 130th start in the majors , it was the first time Harden had plunked two hitters in a game . The speedy Gardner kept pestering Texas . He had three infield hits Saturday , and his bunt on Harden 's first pitch Sunday barely trickled foul . On the next pitch , Harden hit him in the right shin . Gardner stole second	False
It was the longest game in the majors since Colorado beat San Diego 2 - 1 in 22 innings on April 17 , 2008 . Rodriguez said he threw as many as 100 pitches in the bullpen . He began warming up in the eighth	True
Jeff Francoeur also had a sacrifice fly for New York in the 19th , snapping a scoreless tie , but Yadier Molina singled in Albert Pujols with two out in the bottom half . St. Louis left the bases loaded in the 10th	True
Jeff Francoeur also had a sacrifice fly for New York in the 19th , snapping a scoreless tie , but Yadier Molina singled in Albert Pujols with two out in the bottom half . St. Louis left the bases loaded in the 10th , 12th	True
Jeff Francoeur also had a sacrifice fly for New York in the 19th , snapping a scoreless tie , but Yadier Molina singled in Albert Pujols with two out in the bottom half . St. Louis left the bases loaded in the 10th , 12th and 14th	True
Utilityman Joe Mather ( 0 - 1 ) became the first position player to lose a game since shortstop Josh Wilson for the San Diego Padres in a 9 - 6 setback in 18 innings against the Arizona Diamondbacks last June 7 . Mather hit for Colby Rasmus in the 10th	True
Utilityman Joe Mather ( 0 - 1 ) became the first position player to lose a game since shortstop Josh Wilson for the San Diego Padres in a 9 - 6 setback in 18 innings against the Arizona Diamondbacks last June 7 . Mather hit for Colby Rasmus in the 10th and played center and third	False
Mather hit for Colby Rasmus in the 10th and played center and third before taking the mound in the 19th for his first major league pitching appearance . Angel Pagan started the 20th with an infield single and advanced to third	False
Johan Santana started the game for New York and struck out nine in seven innings , allowing just four hits . Rookie left-hander Jaime Garcia gave up just one hit in seven innings for St. Louis -- a bloop single by Pagan leading off the sixth	True
Pitching in a steady rain , Halladay ( 3 - 0 ) shrugged off the conditions and allowed two runs and eight hits . He threw 100 pitches , struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Florida took advantage of three infield hits to score four runs off David Herndon in the ninth	True
Though the game was never stopped , there were a couple long delays between innings while the grounds crew worked on the field . If it were n't for the rain , Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said he would 've sent Halladay out for the ninth	True
Wildness cost Sanchez in the first inning . Shane Victorino and Utley reached on walks before Ryan Howard beat the shift with an opposite-field single that drove in the first run . After Raul Ibanez walked to load the bases , Juan Castro and Carlos Ruiz hit consecutive RBI singles to make it 3 - 0 . Polanco hit a drive off the left-field foul pole for a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
Wildness cost Sanchez in the first inning . Shane Victorino and Utley reached on walks before Ryan Howard beat the shift with an opposite-field single that drove in the first run . After Raul Ibanez walked to load the bases , Juan Castro and Carlos Ruiz hit consecutive RBI singles to make it 3 - 0 . Polanco hit a drive off the left-field foul pole for a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Castro 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 5 - 0 . Utley drove one out to right in the seventh	True
Polanco hit a drive off the left-field foul pole for a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Castro 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 5 - 0 . Utley drove one out to right in the seventh off left-hander Dan Meyer . Both teams made excellent defensive plays in the outfield . Ibanez robbed John Baker of extra bases with a diving grab in left to start the sixth	True
Markakis was stranded , though , when Miguel Tejada fouled out to first baseman Daric Barton and Matt Wieters grounded out . The A 's lefty was cruising again in the fifth	True
Baltimore could n't get anything else going . Braden , who grew up in Stockton 70 miles north of Oakland , faced only three batters over the minimum in seven innings , getting a 3 - 6 - 6 double play on his final pitch . Gabe Gross had three hits and Cliff Pennington tripled in two runs in the fifth	True
Baltimore could n't get anything else going . Braden , who grew up in Stockton 70 miles north of Oakland , faced only three batters over the minimum in seven innings , getting a 3 - 6 - 6 double play on his final pitch . Gabe Gross had three hits and Cliff Pennington tripled in two runs in the fifth for the A 's , who have won eight straight home games against the Orioles . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
The Orioles fell to 1 - 10 , their worst start since opening the 1988 season with 21 consecutive losses . Meanwhile , the A 's are tied for the second-best record in the American League at 8 - 4 . Brad Ziegler pitched one shutout inning before Bailey , the 2009 AL Rookie of the Year , worked the ninth	True
Brad Ziegler pitched one shutout inning before Bailey , the 2009 AL Rookie of the Year , worked the ninth to complete the game in a tidy 2 hours , 9 minutes . Oakland jumped on Millwood early . Jake Fox hit a sacrifice fly to drive in Kevin Kouzmanoff in the second inning , and the A 's added an unearned run off Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) in the third	True
Oakland jumped on Millwood early . Jake Fox hit a sacrifice fly to drive in Kevin Kouzmanoff in the second inning , and the A 's added an unearned run off Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) in the third to make it 2 - 0 . The A 's added two more runs in the fourth	True
Chase Utley hit his fourth homer in three games and Shane Victorino also went deep for the Phillies . Trailing 4 - 2 in the eighth	True
`` I think I got around the bases a little better than he did , '' Zimmerman joked when asked if he felt like Gibson . `` I can run around a little bit . '' In Game 1 of the 1988 World Series , a gimpy Gibson stepped in with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
The Phillies are trying to become the first NL team in 66 years to win three straight pennants . They 're off to a 7 - 2 start . Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief to earn the win . Matt Capps got the last five outs for his fourth save in four tries , and his first ever longer than one inning . He allowed a solo homer to Victorino in the ninth	True
Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief to earn the win . Matt Capps got the last five outs for his fourth save in four tries , and his first ever longer than one inning . He allowed a solo homer to Victorino in the ninth . Rodriguez hit a two - run single off Ryan Madson in the ninth	True
Phillies starter J. A. Happ allowed one unearned run and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . The left-hander had to pitch out of trouble often because he walked six , tying a career high . Olsen pitched well until the sixth	True
First baseman Ryan Howard 's throwing error after Nyjer Morgan was picked off in the third helped Washington tie it at 1 . Morgan scored on Cristian Guzman 's groundout . Philadelphia 's bullpen had n't allowed a homer in 29 1/3 innings until Dunn hit hits first	True
Pressed into service because scheduled starter C. J. Wilson had food poisoning , Lewis tied a career high with 10 strikeouts and Nelson Cruz hit his AL-leading sixth home run Wednesday night as Texas beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 2 . A crowd of 10,071 , smallest at Progressive Field since the ballpark opened in 1994 , saw the Indians make two errors , leave 12 runners on base , strike out 12 times and lose their fifth	False
Lewis ( 2 - 0 ) , until beating Seattle on Friday , had been winless in the majors since April 7 , 2004 . He spent the past two seasons with Hiroshima of Japan 's Central League before re-signing with the Rangers in January . The right-hander allowed two runs over 5 1/3 innings . Lewis made 37 pitches in the first inning , but got out of a bases-loaded jam and did n't allow a hit until the third	True
Cruz is the first player with six homers after eight games since Alex Rodriguez did it for the New York Yankees at the start of the 2007 season . Michael Brantley 's bases-loaded double off Dustin Nippert made it 4 - 2 in the sixth	True
A fan touched the ball in foul territory down the right-field line , preventing Luis Valbuena from scoring on the play . Umpire Jim Wolf made the call and Acta argued with the crew for several minutes . Then Nippert got Asdrubal Cabrera on a groundout to end the inning . Julio Borbon 's two - run single gave Texas a 6 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Julio Borbon 's two - run single gave Texas a 6 - 2 lead in the seventh . He came in hitting .040 ( 1 for 25 ) and had two hits to raise his average to .103 . Josh Hamilton hit an RBI double in the first	True
Julio Borbon 's two - run single gave Texas a 6 - 2 lead in the seventh . He came in hitting .040 ( 1 for 25 ) and had two hits to raise his average to .103 . Josh Hamilton hit an RBI double in the first and Elvis Andrus ' two - out single made it 2 - 0 in the second	True
Josh Hamilton hit an RBI double in the first and Elvis Andrus ' two - out single made it 2 - 0 in the second . A throwing error by Indians third baseman Jhonny Peralta led to two unearned runs in the third	True
CINCINNATI -- Mike Leake worked out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam in the first	True
This was one wild major league debut . Leake pitched into the seventh	True
Leake , selected eighth overall , also is the first player from the 2009 draft to make his major league debut . Manager Dusty Baker was impressed with Leake 's composure after the Cubs loaded the bases in the first	True
Manager Dusty Baker was impressed with Leake 's composure after the Cubs loaded the bases in the first . The ex-Arizona State star got Aramis Ramirez to pop up , struck out Marlon Byrd and retired Alfonso Soriano on a flyout to end the threat . Lee , who drove in Chicago 's only run with an RBI single in the fifth	True
Chicago 's Tom Gorzelanny , acquired from Pittsburgh on July 30th , was sharp in his first start of the season . The left-hander struck out seven in 6 1/3 innings , allowing an unearned run and four hits . Left fielder Alfonso Soriano 's error helped the Reds tie it in the seventh	True
Chicago 's Tom Gorzelanny , acquired from Pittsburgh on July 30th , was sharp in his first start of the season . The left-hander struck out seven in 6 1/3 innings , allowing an unearned run and four hits . Left fielder Alfonso Soriano 's error helped the Reds tie it in the seventh . With runners on first	False
Chicago 's Tom Gorzelanny , acquired from Pittsburgh on July 30th , was sharp in his first start of the season . The left-hander struck out seven in 6 1/3 innings , allowing an unearned run and four hits . Left fielder Alfonso Soriano 's error helped the Reds tie it in the seventh . With runners on first and second	False
Lincecum struck out 10 and overcame an early home run , Sandoval hit a two - run shot and the San Francisco Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Sunday night in a game that finally started after a rain delay of 4 hours , 9 minutes . Cleanup hitter Aubrey Huff and No . 5 man Mark DeRosa , the Giants ' two biggest offensive additions this winter , and Bengie Molina all hit RBI singles . Huff also scored the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
Cleanup hitter Aubrey Huff and No . 5 man Mark DeRosa , the Giants ' two biggest offensive additions this winter , and Bengie Molina all hit RBI singles . Huff also scored the go-ahead run in the sixth on rookie right fielder Jason Heyward 's misguided throw for his first career error . Heyward hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
Heyward hit a solo homer in the ninth . Lincecum ( 2 - 0 ) , the two - time reigning NL Cy Young Award winner , recorded his 20th career game with 10 or more strikeouts . He struck out the side in order in the seventh	True
Jeremy Affeldt allowed Heyward 's third homer before earning his first save since Sept. 19 , 2006 , against San Francisco while with the Colorado Rockies . The left-hander tossed two innings , striking out Matt Diaz to end the 2-hour , 20-minute game just in time . Braves starter Kenshin Kawakami ( 0 - 1 ) retired the first 11 San Francisco batters before Sandoval 's two - out triple in the fourth	True
Braves starter Kenshin Kawakami ( 0 - 1 ) retired the first 11 San Francisco batters before Sandoval 's two - out triple in the fourth . Brian McCann hit a monster two - run homer in the first	True
Watching Sandoval 's hit made Lincecum feel a little better about giving up McCann 's homer . Lincecum went all of last season without allowing a homer at home in AT & T Park , and this was his first	False
He threw 38 pitches -- just half for strikes -- in the first inning before recovering well enough for stay in the game for 101 pitches over five innings . Johnny Damon singled in the first	True
Johnny Damon singled in the first , ending a three - game hitless streak , and scored on Ordonez 's no-doubt shot to left . The Tigers scored two more in the third	True
The Tigers scored two more in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead on Brandon Inge 's RBI single and Scott Sizemore 's sacrifice fly , the rookie 's first RBI . Bonderman struck out the top two hitters in Cleveland 's lineup -- Asdrubal Cabrera and Grady Sizemore -- to open the fourth	True
The Tigers scored two more in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead on Brandon Inge 's RBI single and Scott Sizemore 's sacrifice fly , the rookie 's first RBI . Bonderman struck out the top two hitters in Cleveland 's lineup -- Asdrubal Cabrera and Grady Sizemore -- to open the fourth , inspiring `` Let 's go Bon-do ! '' chants from fans in the stands . Then , he walked Shin-Soo Choo on a full-count pitch . Choo advanced to third	False
Bonderman struck out the top two hitters in Cleveland 's lineup -- Asdrubal Cabrera and Grady Sizemore -- to open the fourth , inspiring `` Let 's go Bon-do ! '' chants from fans in the stands . Then , he walked Shin-Soo Choo on a full-count pitch . Choo advanced to third on a single and scored on a wild pitch . Hafner 's RBI single in the sixth pulled the Indians within two runs and they blew a chance to at least cut into the deficit two innings later . Ni hit two straight batters in the eighth	True
Kuroda ( 1 - 0 ) limited Florida to five hits and an unearned run while striking out seven , and the only walk he allowed was intentional . Florida went 1 for 9 against him with runners in scoring position . Five of the Dodgers ' eight hits were doubles , including a two - run double by James Loney in the ninth	True
Five of the Dodgers ' eight hits were doubles , including a two - run double by James Loney in the ninth . Rafael Furcal had three hits and one of Los Angeles ' three stolen bases . Manny Ramirez added two hits , scored once and drove in a run . Los Angeles was 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position before Casey Blake doubled home the tying run in the seventh	True
Kuroda won as the Dodgers ' opening-day starter a year ago . He 's coming off an injury-plagued 2009 season , including a concussion when a comebacker hit him on the front right side of his head . With the score 7 - 1 , the Dodgers ' Russ Ortiz loaded the bases in the bottom of the ninth	True
With the score 7 - 1 , the Dodgers ' Russ Ortiz loaded the bases in the bottom of the ninth . Jonathan Broxton came on with one out and gave up a two - run double by pinch-hitter Wes Helms , then struck out the next two batters . Chris Volstad ( 0 - 1 ) shut out the Dodgers for six innings , but he gave up three runs in the seventh	True
The Marlins , perennially last in the NL in attendance , drew their largest crowd for a home opener in five years . When asked before the game about playing in front of a big crowd at home , Hanley Ramirez smiled . The crowd enjoyed a pitchers ' duel for the first six innings , before the Dodgers rallied from a 1 - 0 deficit in the seventh	True
Manny Ramirez led off with a double , and Blake 's one - out double tied the score . With two outs and the bases loaded , Hanley Ramirez fielded a grounder in the hole and made a wild throw to second trying for a forceout . Florida took a brief 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Manny Ramirez led off with a double , and Blake 's one - out double tied the score . With two outs and the bases loaded , Hanley Ramirez fielded a grounder in the hole and made a wild throw to second trying for a forceout . Florida took a brief 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Cameron Maybin beat out a bunt to start the inning and continued to second	False
Manny Ramirez led off with a double , and Blake 's one - out double tied the score . With two outs and the bases loaded , Hanley Ramirez fielded a grounder in the hole and made a wild throw to second trying for a forceout . Florida took a brief 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Cameron Maybin beat out a bunt to start the inning and continued to second when catcher Russell Martin made a wild throw to first	False
Manny Ramirez led off with a double , and Blake 's one - out double tied the score . With two outs and the bases loaded , Hanley Ramirez fielded a grounder in the hole and made a wild throw to second trying for a forceout . Florida took a brief 1 - 0 lead in the sixth . Cameron Maybin beat out a bunt to start the inning and continued to second when catcher Russell Martin made a wild throw to first on the play . Maybin went to third	False
The Dodgers had n't been swept in a three - game series by Pittsburgh since Sept. 4 - 6 , 2000 , in Los Angeles . The last such sweep in Pittsburgh was May 31-June 2 , 1999 , when the Pirates played in Three Rivers Stadium . Belliard , making a spot start after losing the second baseman 's job to Blake DeWitt , hit a two - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth	True
The Dodgers had n't been swept in a three - game series by Pittsburgh since Sept. 4 - 6 , 2000 , in Los Angeles . The last such sweep in Pittsburgh was May 31-June 2 , 1999 , when the Pirates played in Three Rivers Stadium . Belliard , making a spot start after losing the second baseman 's job to Blake DeWitt , hit a two - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Belliard added a run-scoring triple during a breakout four - run seventh	True
The Dodgers had n't been swept in a three - game series by Pittsburgh since Sept. 4 - 6 , 2000 , in Los Angeles . The last such sweep in Pittsburgh was May 31-June 2 , 1999 , when the Pirates played in Three Rivers Stadium . Belliard , making a spot start after losing the second baseman 's job to Blake DeWitt , hit a two - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Belliard added a run-scoring triple during a breakout four - run seventh against reliever Hayden Penn , huffing and puffing into third	False
Belliard , making a spot start after losing the second baseman 's job to Blake DeWitt , hit a two - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Belliard added a run-scoring triple during a breakout four - run seventh against reliever Hayden Penn , huffing and puffing into third . Belliard doubled in the ninth	False
With the Dodgers having no established No . 1 starter , they would welcome Billingsley or left-hander Clayton Kershaw pitching himself into that role . The Pirates , who had had won four in a row and five of six against Los Angeles since late September , wasted a chance to get back into the game when Maholm struck out with the bases loaded and his team down 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
With the Dodgers having no established No . 1 starter , they would welcome Billingsley or left-hander Clayton Kershaw pitching himself into that role . The Pirates , who had had won four in a row and five of six against Los Angeles since late September , wasted a chance to get back into the game when Maholm struck out with the bases loaded and his team down 2 - 0 in the fourth . Normally a position player would have batted , but Russell is hitting his pitcher eighth	False
The Pirates , who had had won four in a row and five of six against Los Angeles since late September , wasted a chance to get back into the game when Maholm struck out with the bases loaded and his team down 2 - 0 in the fourth . Normally a position player would have batted , but Russell is hitting his pitcher eighth . The Dodgers got a scare when center fielder Kemp and left fielder Johnson bumped into each other as Kemp charged into left-center to catch Bobby Crosby 's fly ball to end the sixth	True
Without a doubt , that was Kansas City 's strategy . Cabrera hit a three - run home run on an 0 - 2 count off Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Without a doubt , that was Kansas City 's strategy . Cabrera hit a three - run home run on an 0 - 2 count off Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth , putting the Tigers on top 4 - 2 . He added an RBI single in the three - run ninth	True
Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) pitched an inning of relief , giving up three hits . He escaped unscathed when Alberto Callaspo capped a dreadful day at the plate by grounding out with the bases loaded . After Dusty Hughes walked Johnny Damon leading off the Detroit eighth	True
Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) pitched an inning of relief , giving up three hits . He escaped unscathed when Alberto Callaspo capped a dreadful day at the plate by grounding out with the bases loaded . After Dusty Hughes walked Johnny Damon leading off the Detroit eighth , Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) came in and surrendered an infield single to Ordonez , who had a solo home run off starter Bannister in the sixth	True
After Dusty Hughes walked Johnny Damon leading off the Detroit eighth , Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) came in and surrendered an infield single to Ordonez , who had a solo home run off starter Bannister in the sixth . Ramon Colon forced in the final run in the ninth	False
Scott Podsednik went 4 for 5 for the Royals while Callaspo had a day to forget . The Royals had two runners on base each of the first three times he came to bat but he grounded into two double plays and struck out . Then with the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth	True
Scott Podsednik went 4 for 5 for the Royals while Callaspo had a day to forget . The Royals had two runners on base each of the first three times he came to bat but he grounded into two double plays and struck out . Then with the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth , he grounded weakly to Cabrera at first	False
He allowed three hits in six innings and left with a 1 - 0 lead . Andy Pettitte allowed one run in six innings . Then Chan Ho Park ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one hit in three scoreless innings and Mariano Rivera pitched the 10th	True
Andy Pettitte allowed one run in six innings . Then Chan Ho Park ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one hit in three scoreless innings and Mariano Rivera pitched the 10th for his second save . Pettitte was knocked down trying to tag Jacoby Ellsbury after taking a throw at first base on the first	True
David Ortiz had gone 0 for 7 in his first two games following the worst of his first seven seasons with Boston . And after Tuesday night 's game , he responded with an expletive-filled tirade when asked about his slow start . On Wednesday , though , with the crowd chanting `` Papi ! Papi ! Papi ! '' he gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
On Wednesday , though , with the crowd chanting `` Papi ! Papi ! Papi ! '' he gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead in the third with his first hit in nine at bats . His two - out single scored Dustin Pedroia , who led off with a double . But in his other three at-bats , Ortiz ended innings with two strikeouts and a groundout . The Yankees tied the game in the seventh	True
The Yankees tied the game in the seventh after Scott Schoeneweis replaced Lackey . Jorge Posada doubled but Granderson struck out . Daniel Bard relieved and , on an 0-and-2 count , allowed Nick Swisher 's tying single . Kevin Youkilis was beaned in the fifth	True
The Yankees tied the game in the seventh after Scott Schoeneweis replaced Lackey . Jorge Posada doubled but Granderson struck out . Daniel Bard relieved and , on an 0-and-2 count , allowed Nick Swisher 's tying single . Kevin Youkilis was beaned in the fifth by Pettitte and went to first base without incident . That moved Victor Martinez , who had singled , to second	False
Kevin Youkilis was beaned in the fifth by Pettitte and went to first base without incident . That moved Victor Martinez , who had singled , to second with two outs . Then Ortiz struck out on a low pitch outside the strike zone . Jeter led off the sixth	True
Improving to 16 - 4 since May 10 , the Braves have made up 7 1/2 games in the NL East since May 17 , when they were in last place . Atlanta has n't held first place in the NL East this late in a season since they won the last of 14 straight division titles in 2005 . Philadelphia , which was shut out in five of its previous eight games , had just three hits off Hanson ( 5 - 3 ) before the right-hander left with two outs in the seventh	True
Philadelphia , which was shut out in five of its previous eight games , had just three hits off Hanson ( 5 - 3 ) before the right-hander left with two outs in the seventh . Lowering his ERA from 4.06 to 3.78 , Hanson struck out two and did not allow a walk after issuing three in the first two innings . The right-hander benefited from double plays that ended scoring threats in the first	True
Philadelphia , which was shut out in five of its previous eight games , had just three hits off Hanson ( 5 - 3 ) before the right-hander left with two outs in the seventh . Lowering his ERA from 4.06 to 3.78 , Hanson struck out two and did not allow a walk after issuing three in the first two innings . The right-hander benefited from double plays that ended scoring threats in the first and second	True
Lowering his ERA from 4.06 to 3.78 , Hanson struck out two and did not allow a walk after issuing three in the first two innings . The right-hander benefited from double plays that ended scoring threats in the first and second . Atlanta took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Lowering his ERA from 4.06 to 3.78 , Hanson struck out two and did not allow a walk after issuing three in the first two innings . The right-hander benefited from double plays that ended scoring threats in the first and second . Atlanta took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jones ' third homer , a two - run shot , and Eric Hinske 's RBI single . In the third	True
Atlanta took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jones ' third homer , a two - run shot , and Eric Hinske 's RBI single . In the third , the Braves went up 6 - 0 on an RBI by Hinske and Yunel Escobar 's two - run double . Glaus ' eighth homer , a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Glaus ' eighth homer , a three - run shot in the seventh off reliever Chad Durbin , made it 9 - 3 . Joe Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) lost his second straight start after giving up eight hits , six runs -- four earned -- and one walk with two strikeouts . Fielding errors by right fielder Ross Gload in the first	True
Philadelphia , which won the 2008 World Series and a second straight NL title in 2009 , also is struggling defensively with 12 errors in the last nine games . With his offense slumping , Phillies manager Charlie Manuel changed the batting order with Gload leading off , Greg Dobbs in the No . 2 spot and Shane Victorino hitting fifth	False
The Phillies were without third baseman Placido Polanco , who has a .329 average in 216 career at-bats against Atlanta , and right fielder Jayson Werth , who was given the day off despite a .341 career average with three homers and 12 RBIs in 128 career plate appearances at Turner Field . Manuel was ejected in the third	True
The St. Louis Cardinals knocked out Bronson Arroyo in the fifth inning and their rookie left-hander overcame a shaky start in a 12 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday , forging a first-place tie in the NL Central . Albert Pujols extended his streak of reaching base to nine straight plate appearances with two intentional walks and a single his first three at-bats . He finally made an out in the fifth inning , hitting into a double play . Pujols added an RBI single in a five - run sixth	True
Albert Pujols extended his streak of reaching base to nine straight plate appearances with two intentional walks and a single his first three at-bats . He finally made an out in the fifth inning , hitting into a double play . Pujols added an RBI single in a five - run sixth , one day after hitting three homers at Chicago . Matt Holliday 's two - run double in the fourth	True
Arroyo coughed up a 3 - 1 lead and failed to last six innings for only the second time . He threw a complete game to beat the Cardinals on May 16 in Cincinnati but did n't blame the delay after giving up season highs for walks ( five ) and hits ( 10 ) . Arroyo retired the first two hitters in the fourth	True
LOS ANGELES -- A blunder on the basepaths nearly cost the Los Angeles Dodgers . But they got lucky with an even bigger mistake by the Arizona Diamondbacks . A balk by Esmerling Vasquez allowed Casey Blake to score the winning run in the bottom of the ninth	True
Russell Martin worked the count to 2 - 2 before second base umpire Tim Tschida signaled balk after some frantic gyrations by Blake and Dodgers third base coach Larry Bowa . Blake removed his helmet and jogged home . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the ninth to earn the victory . Starter Chad Billingsley was watching the game in the video room when he saw Vasquez 's balk . Vasquez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . The last-place Diamondbacks dropped their season-high eighth	False
The last time a game was won on a balk was Sept. 9 , 2008 , when Taylor Buccholz of Colorado balked in Kelly Johnson of Atlanta in the 10th inning , according to Stats LLC . Johnson is now with the Diamondbacks . Rodrigo Lopez took a four - hitter and a 4 - 2 lead into the eighth	True
Ethier returned to the Dodgers after missing the previous 15 games because of a broken right pinkie finger . He went 0 for 4 playing with a splint on the finger and a foam pad near the knob of the bat for cushioning . The Diamondbacks got the go-ahead run on second	False
Ethier returned to the Dodgers after missing the previous 15 games because of a broken right pinkie finger . He went 0 for 4 playing with a splint on the finger and a foam pad near the knob of the bat for cushioning . The Diamondbacks got the go-ahead run on second in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks got the go-ahead run on second in the ninth with one out against Broxton , but he struck out Adam LaRoche and Chris Young to end the inning . Justin Upton 's two - run homer off Billingsley gave Arizona a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Justin Upton 's two - run homer off Billingsley gave Arizona a 2 - 0 lead in the first . The ball hit the top of the right field wall and went over . Arizona added two runs in the second	True
Arizona added two runs in the second on solo homers by Young and Chris Snyder , with both going into left field . Manny Ramirez led off the fourth	True
Arizona added two runs in the second on solo homers by Young and Chris Snyder , with both going into left field . Manny Ramirez led off the fourth with his 550th career homer , leaving the Dodgers trailing 4 - 1 . It was his second homer in as many nights and just his second since April 15 . The Dodgers ' second run came on Kemp 's RBI single in the third	True
Cora filled in for manager Ozzie Guillen , who was attending the high school graduation of his son , Ozney , in Florida . Rios put Chicago ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Rios put Chicago ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth with his 10th homer . He has three home runs and seven RBIs during an eight - game hitting streak . Ramon Castro made it 3 - 1 with a fifth-inning solo homer . Gordon Beckman hit a run-scoring single in the ninth	True
Ramon Castro made it 3 - 1 with a fifth-inning solo homer . Gordon Beckman hit a run-scoring single in the ninth to extend the lead to 4 - 2 . The Rays went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Ramon Castro made it 3 - 1 with a fifth-inning solo homer . Gordon Beckman hit a run-scoring single in the ninth to extend the lead to 4 - 2 . The Rays went up 1 - 0 in the third when B. J. Upton tripled and scored on a single by Reid Brignac . Evan Longoria pulled Tampa Bay within 3 - 2 with an RBI double during the sixth	True
Riggleman said he did n't think the protest would have stood had the Nationals lost . Nationals closer Matt Capps got out of a huge jam in the ninth	True
Nationals closer Matt Capps got out of a huge jam in the ninth to earn his major league-leading 17th save in 18 chances . Capps allowed three straight singles to load the bases opening the ninth	True
Nationals closer Matt Capps got out of a huge jam in the ninth to earn his major league-leading 17th save in 18 chances . Capps allowed three straight singles to load the bases opening the ninth , including infield hits by Oscar Salazar and Jerry Hairston Jr. Chris Denorfia singled to center to bring in Yorvit Torrealba . Pinch-hitter Matt Stairs worked the count full before taking a called third strike on a slider , Will Venable struck out on three pitches and David Eckstein grounded out to third	False
Capps allowed three straight singles to load the bases opening the ninth , including infield hits by Oscar Salazar and Jerry Hairston Jr. Chris Denorfia singled to center to bring in Yorvit Torrealba . Pinch-hitter Matt Stairs worked the count full before taking a called third strike on a slider , Will Venable struck out on three pitches and David Eckstein grounded out to third . With two outs in the fourth	True
Capps allowed three straight singles to load the bases opening the ninth , including infield hits by Oscar Salazar and Jerry Hairston Jr. Chris Denorfia singled to center to bring in Yorvit Torrealba . Pinch-hitter Matt Stairs worked the count full before taking a called third strike on a slider , Will Venable struck out on three pitches and David Eckstein grounded out to third . With two outs in the fourth , Willingham hit the first pitch he saw from Richard over the fence in straightaway center field to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his 10th	False
This was the fourth time Willingham has homered in consecutive games this season . He has four homers and 11 RBIs in his last six games while going 9 for 19 ( .474 ) . Desmond homered to left with two outs in the seventh	True
This was the fourth time Willingham has homered in consecutive games this season . He has four homers and 11 RBIs in his last six games while going 9 for 19 ( .474 ) . Desmond homered to left with two outs in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . It was his fourth	False
This was the fourth time Willingham has homered in consecutive games this season . He has four homers and 11 RBIs in his last six games while going 9 for 19 ( .474 ) . Desmond homered to left with two outs in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . It was his fourth . He laid down a safety squeeze for another RBI in the ninth	True
Richard ( 4 - 3 ) had won four straight decisions . He 'd only given up one home run this year , in nine starts . Eckstein doubled leading off the fourth	True
Richard ( 4 - 3 ) had won four straight decisions . He 'd only given up one home run this year , in nine starts . Eckstein doubled leading off the fourth and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to center . The Padres got an unearned run in the seventh	True
Jeter homered and made a highlight-reel play at shortstop in the sixth inning to lift the New York Yankees to a 1 - 0 victory Wednesday over the Minnesota Twins in the completion of a game halted by rain the night before . The Yankees and Twins had to push pause Tuesday after a thunderstorm forced an 83-minute delay and then suspension of a scoreless game after the fifth	True
Jeter homered and made a highlight-reel play at shortstop in the sixth inning to lift the New York Yankees to a 1 - 0 victory Wednesday over the Minnesota Twins in the completion of a game halted by rain the night before . The Yankees and Twins had to push pause Tuesday after a thunderstorm forced an 83-minute delay and then suspension of a scoreless game after the fifth . Jeter forcefully hit the resume button in the top of the sixth	True
Mariano Rivera pitched a hitless ninth inning for his ninth save , making up for his only blown chance of the season 10 days ago when Kubel 's eighth-inning grand slam at Yankee Stadium fueled the Twins to a rare victory over their American League nemesis . J. J. Hardy led off the ninth	True
Conor Jackson doubled in a run and scored another for the Diamondbacks . Rockies manager Jim Tracy praised his pitching staff and team defense as Colorado won its first	False
Rockies manager Jim Tracy praised his pitching staff and team defense as Colorado won its first of 12 straight games against National League West opponents . The Rockies ' defense , which turned five double plays against Kansas City on Sunday , was strong again behind Chacin . Ian Stewart made two good grabs , and Clint Barmes made a diving stop of Adam LaRoche 's grounder in the ninth	True
Stewart said the pitchers ' working quickly and efficiently helps . The Rockies put Arizona on its heels when they broke through in the second	True
Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 3 ) escaped further trouble when he struck out Dexter Fowler with runners on the corners to end the inning . Tulowitzki made it 3 - 0 with a one - out homer to left in the third inning , his fifth	False
Tulowitzki made it 3 - 0 with a one - out homer to left in the third inning , his fifth of the season . Staked to a lead , Chacin settled down and took control . He needed 39 pitches to get through the first two innings but needed just 40 more to get through five . Starting with an inning-ending double play in the second	True
Staked to a lead , Chacin settled down and took control . He needed 39 pitches to get through the first two innings but needed just 40 more to get through five . Starting with an inning-ending double play in the second , Chacin retired 11 of 12 . Kennedy settled down , too , facing the minimum in the fourth	True
Staked to a lead , Chacin settled down and took control . He needed 39 pitches to get through the first two innings but needed just 40 more to get through five . Starting with an inning-ending double play in the second , Chacin retired 11 of 12 . Kennedy settled down , too , facing the minimum in the fourth and fifth	True
Staked to a lead , Chacin settled down and took control . He needed 39 pitches to get through the first two innings but needed just 40 more to get through five . Starting with an inning-ending double play in the second , Chacin retired 11 of 12 . Kennedy settled down , too , facing the minimum in the fourth and fifth to keep the game close , and the Diamondbacks finally struck in the sixth	True
Kennedy settled down , too , facing the minimum in the fourth and fifth to keep the game close , and the Diamondbacks finally struck in the sixth . Arizona did put one together in the sixth	True
Chacin allowed two runs on four hits , struck out five , walked two and picked up his first home win of his career . Manuel Corpas struck out Mark Reynolds with a four - seam fastball with Stephen Drew on second	False
A few hours later , his question was answered . Laynce Nix had three hits , including a tiebreaking double in the sixth inning , sending the slumping Indians to their fifth straight loss , despite a big night from Shin-Soo Choo . Moved from third	False
A few hours later , his question was answered . Laynce Nix had three hits , including a tiebreaking double in the sixth inning , sending the slumping Indians to their fifth straight loss , despite a big night from Shin-Soo Choo . Moved from third to second	False
Jonny Gomes and Brandon Phillips also homered for the Reds . Bronson Arroyo ( 4 - 2 ) allowed four runs in 6 2/3 innings and won his third straight start . Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Nix played a major role in the win after Conrad 's homer Thursday deflected off his glove as he reached over the top of the wall , a replay that was shown countless times . Nix hit a leadoff homer in the third	True
Nix played a major role in the win after Conrad 's homer Thursday deflected off his glove as he reached over the top of the wall , a replay that was shown countless times . Nix hit a leadoff homer in the third , doubled and scored in the fourth	True
Nix played a major role in the win after Conrad 's homer Thursday deflected off his glove as he reached over the top of the wall , a replay that was shown countless times . Nix hit a leadoff homer in the third , doubled and scored in the fourth off starter Jake Westbrook , and doubled in the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
Nix hit a leadoff homer in the third , doubled and scored in the fourth off starter Jake Westbrook , and doubled in the go-ahead run in the sixth off Aaron Laffey ( 0 - 1 ) . Gomes hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Nix hit a leadoff homer in the third , doubled and scored in the fourth off starter Jake Westbrook , and doubled in the go-ahead run in the sixth off Aaron Laffey ( 0 - 1 ) . Gomes hit a two - run homer in the fourth that broke a 1 - 1 tie . Ryan Hanigan 's double gave the Reds a 4 - 1 lead , but Arroyo could n't hold it . Trevor Crowe drove in a run with a double before Choo , who hit a solo homer in the first	True
Gomes hit a two - run homer in the fourth that broke a 1 - 1 tie . Ryan Hanigan 's double gave the Reds a 4 - 1 lead , but Arroyo could n't hold it . Trevor Crowe drove in a run with a double before Choo , who hit a solo homer in the first , homered on the first pitch to tie the game . Gomes walked to lead off the sixth	True
Cordero , who retired all three hitters he faced on 10 pitches , was pleased to get a chance to redeem himself so quickly . Cincinnati also suffered a walk-off defeat Wednesday , losing 5 - 4 to the Braves by allowing a run in the ninth	True
Cincinnati also suffered a walk-off defeat Wednesday , losing 5 - 4 to the Braves by allowing a run in the ninth . Phillips hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Phillips hit a solo homer in the ninth off Kerry Wood . The Indians have scored 16 runs during their losing streak . Cleveland manager Manny Acta made some lineup changes to help his sputtering offense , which is playing without leadoff hitter Asdrubal Cabrera , who has a broken left forearm , and No . 2 hitter Grady Sizemore , on the disabled list with a bruised left knee . Travis Hafner was moved from cleanup to third	False
Phillips hit a solo homer in the ninth off Kerry Wood . The Indians have scored 16 runs during their losing streak . Cleveland manager Manny Acta made some lineup changes to help his sputtering offense , which is playing without leadoff hitter Asdrubal Cabrera , who has a broken left forearm , and No . 2 hitter Grady Sizemore , on the disabled list with a bruised left knee . Travis Hafner was moved from cleanup to third while Austin Kearns , normally the No . 5 hitter , batted fourth	False
The Royals are 6 - 2 since Ned Yost replaced Trey Hillman as manager , who was fired May 13 . Kansas City has won three straight for the first time since Sept. 20 - 22 . After being hit by a pitch in the second	True
The Royals are 6 - 2 since Ned Yost replaced Trey Hillman as manager , who was fired May 13 . Kansas City has won three straight for the first time since Sept. 20 - 22 . After being hit by a pitch in the second , Guillen homered with two outs in the fourth	True
After being hit by a pitch in the second , Guillen homered with two outs in the fourth with Billy Butler aboard . Guillen led off the seventh	True
After being hit by a pitch in the second , Guillen homered with two outs in the fourth with Billy Butler aboard . Guillen led off the seventh with his 11th home run , which is two more than he hit last season , for his 1,500th career hit . It was Guillen 's 14th multihomer game and the second	False
Guillen led off the seventh with his 11th home run , which is two more than he hit last season , for his 1,500th career hit . It was Guillen 's 14th multihomer game and the second this season . In his past two games , Guillen is 4 for 6 with three home runs and six RBIs . Bannister ( 3 - 3 ) , who has won back-to-back starts , gave up three singles in the second	True
Bannister ( 3 - 3 ) , who has won back-to-back starts , gave up three singles in the second , but allowed only one hit -- Troy Tulowitzki 's fourth-inning double -- the next five innings . The Royals batted around in the four - run seventh	True
The Royals batted around in the four - run seventh , which also included RBI singles by Jason Kendall , Mike Aviles and David DeJesus . Bannister failed to get out of the eighth	True
Rockies right-hander Jason Hammel , making his second start since coming off the disabled list with a right groin strain , took the loss . Hammel ( 1 - 3 ) , who allowed five runs on six hits , while walking one and striking out six , acknowledged his groin bothered him . The Royals scored three more runs on two singles , a wild pitch , a passed ball and a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Zito received a mixed welcome of boos and cheers from the crowd of 33,369 when he was introduced before first pitch . After the left-hander pitched 1 - 2 - 2 innings in the first	True
Zito received a mixed welcome of boos and cheers from the crowd of 33,369 when he was introduced before first pitch . After the left-hander pitched 1 - 2 - 2 innings in the first and second	True
Zito received a mixed welcome of boos and cheers from the crowd of 33,369 when he was introduced before first pitch . After the left-hander pitched 1 - 2 - 2 innings in the first and second , Oakland produced three straight hits to start the third	True
Zito received a mixed welcome of boos and cheers from the crowd of 33,369 when he was introduced before first pitch . After the left-hander pitched 1 - 2 - 2 innings in the first and second , Oakland produced three straight hits to start the third . Former Giants outfielder Davis got the A 's on the board with a two - run double and Crisp followed with a sacrifice fly . Crisp , who began the season on the disabled list with a broken left pinkie that he injured April 2 in an exhibition game against the Giants , doubled in a run in the seventh	True
Zito allowed season highs of six runs and nine hits Friday . Giants shortstop Juan Uribe left the game in the bottom of the third	True
Nick Markakis singled in the winning run in the 10th inning , giving the Orioles a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals and a split of the two - game series . Luke Scott hit two solo home runs and Corey Patterson also connected for the Orioles , who snapped a three - game losing streak . Baltimore trailed 3 - 0 in the fifth inning and 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
Luke Scott hit two solo home runs and Corey Patterson also connected for the Orioles , who snapped a three - game losing streak . Baltimore trailed 3 - 0 in the fifth inning and 3 - 2 in the eighth . The Orioles had previously lost five games when leading after seven innings and four more when ahead after eight , including a disaster against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday in which the Indians scored eight runs in the ninth	True
On a night when temperatures dipped into the low 50s , the matchup between last-place teams attracted only 9,715 fans , the third-smallest crowd in the 19-year history of Camden Yards . The second-smallest crowd gathered one night earlier . Julio Lugo got Baltimore started in the 10th	True
Orioles manager Dave Trembley has had the same lament on several occasions this season . On this night , however , Trembley spoke excitedly about how his team rallied to win . Baltimore trailed 3 - 2 before Patterson hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Millwood retired the first 13 batters before Jose Guillen singled up the middle with one out in the fifth inning . Four of the next five batters hit singles , including RBI hits by Maier , Chris Getz and Scott Podsednik . Scott homered in the bottom half and again in the seventh	True
Gomes ' homer off Todd Coffey ( 1 - 1 ) sent the Reds to their eighth victory in nine games , a surge that moved them into the top spot in the NL Central -- a place they have n't been so deep into a season since 2006 . Johnny Cueto ( 3 - 1 ) fanned seven and gave up seven hits in seven innings , including Corey Hart 's solo homer . Hart also homered off Danny Herrera in the ninth	True
The Brewers are horrendous at home -- 4 - 14 , the worst start in club history . They lost to Philadelphia 4 - 2 on Sunday night , completing an 0 - 6 homestand . They made the short flight to Cincinnati , landed at 3 a.m. , and got little sleep before taking on a hot team . Cueto was coming off the best game of his career , a one - hitter for a 9 - 0 victory over Pittsburgh on Tuesday . He got some help from his defense in this one -- two Brewers were thrown out at the plate , keeping it close until the seventh	True
Francisco Cordero got the final two outs for his 13th save in 15 chances , retiring Ryan Braun on a fly ball with two runners aboard to end it . Coffey took over for Yovani Gallardo in the seventh	True
Plate umpire Brian Gorman warned both teams when Coffey hit Drew Stubbs after the homer . Cabrera extended his hitting streak to 10 games -- best on the team this season . The shortstop also nailed Alcides Escobar when he tried to score from third	False
Plate umpire Brian Gorman warned both teams when Coffey hit Drew Stubbs after the homer . Cabrera extended his hitting streak to 10 games -- best on the team this season . The shortstop also nailed Alcides Escobar when he tried to score from third on a grounder in the first inning . Stubbs threw out Gregg Zaun in the fourth	True
MIAMI -- The Florida Marlins loaded the bases to begin the game before taking a swing . They went on to their season-best third consecutive win , with lots of help from the hapless New York Mets . John Maine had a wild start for New York , Rod Barajas committed a baserunning blunder in the ninth	True
Maine ( 1 - 3 ) lasted five innings but gave up six runs , increasing his ERA to 6.13 . Leo Nunez , Florida 's fourth reliever , pitched the ninth	True
Nunez gave up two more hits , including an RBI single by Luis Castillo , before Angel Pagan bounced out to end the game . Marlins right fielder Cody Ross threw out Ike Davis trying to score from second	False
Nunez gave up two more hits , including an RBI single by Luis Castillo , before Angel Pagan bounced out to end the game . Marlins right fielder Cody Ross threw out Ike Davis trying to score from second on a one - out single in the second	True
Marlins right fielder Cody Ross threw out Ike Davis trying to score from second on a one - out single in the second . Thanks to plays like that , the Mets ( 18 - 19 ) matched their longest losing streak of the season with their fourth	False
It was n't enough , and now the Mets have lost all five road series this year . The crowd of 26,007 was still settling in when Maine walked the bases loaded in the first	True
None tougher than the one in Cincinnati , dubbed Great American Small Park because it gives up so many homers that barely clear the walls . Garcia had n't given up a homer all season until Drew Stubbs connected on a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Garcia had n't given up a homer all season until Drew Stubbs connected on a two - run shot in the seventh , cutting it to 4 - 2 . Garcia gave up only five hits in 6 1/3 innings and left with a 1.42 ERA . Stubbs drove in a run in the ninth	True
St. Louis ' slump-busting win opened baseball 's Civil Rights weekend , honoring those who have worked for equality . Willie Mays , Billie Jean King and Harry Belafonte will receive Major League Baseball 's Beacon awards at a luncheon Saturday . The Cardinals have been either tied for first	False
St. Louis ' slump-busting win opened baseball 's Civil Rights weekend , honoring those who have worked for equality . Willie Mays , Billie Jean King and Harry Belafonte will receive Major League Baseball 's Beacon awards at a luncheon Saturday . The Cardinals have been either tied for first or there alone every day this season , but the Reds had whittled their lead to a half-game by winning five in a row . One more would vault Cincinnati into first	False
MIAMI -- Once Cody Ross slid across the plate , he kept going -- right into the arms of a jubilant Hanley Ramirez . The rest of the Florida Marlins quickly joined the scene of celebration triggered by a wild pitch . It allowed Ross to score from third	False
The rest of the Florida Marlins quickly joined the scene of celebration triggered by a wild pitch . It allowed Ross to score from third with one out in the ninth inning Thursday night for a 2 - 1 win over the New York Mets . Ross walked with one out against Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) and took third	False
Johan Santana and Josh Johnson each went seven innings and departed with the score 1-all . Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Johan Santana and Josh Johnson each went seven innings and departed with the score 1-all . Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth after Luis Castillo reached second	False
Johan Santana and Josh Johnson each went seven innings and departed with the score 1-all . Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth after Luis Castillo reached second on a single and an error to start the inning . Jose Reyes was retired after failing in an attempt to bunt Castillo to third	False
Each of New York 's past 10 games have been decided by less than three runs . Starting a three - city , eight - game trip , the Mets have the fewest road wins in the majors and are now 4 - 9 away from home . They 're also 4 - 9 in one - run games . The Mets totaled only four hits , with none between the second	True
Gaby Sanchez went 3 for 3 against Santana , but the Marlins went 1 for 5 with runners in scoring position and grounded into three double plays . Santana 's pinpoint location betrayed him only once -- on a throw to second base . His misfire led to an unearned run in the third	True
Andre Ethier added his 11th home run and had two RBIs for the Dodgers , who won their season-high fourth straight . Jonathan Broxton allowed the tying run to get to the plate in the ninth	True
Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up six runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . Trailing by one with two outs in the seventh	True
Torre said when he was manager of the New York Yankees he intentionally walked the bases loaded ahead of Ramirez . Kuroda , who returned three weeks after he was hurt , gave up a leadoff single to Conor Jackson before departing in the eighth	True
Tony Abreu greeted Broxton with a single and Cole Gillespie walked with one out , but the Dodgers closer fanned the next two batters to end the game . The series sweep was the first	False
He pitched , well , like a veteran . After the first	True
He pitched , well , like a veteran . After the first , Pavano did n't let a runner get past first base . He finished seven innings , giving up six hits , and left the game to Brian Duensing , Matt Guerrier and Jon Rauch , who pitched a perfect ninth	True
Danks ( 3 - 2 ) has been by far Chicago 's best starter , anchoring a rotation that has n't been as good as advertised . The left-hander finished seven innings , giving up seven hits , some of them the kind of well-placed rollers the Twins thrived on at the Metrodome . Mauer , catching consecutive games for the first time since returning from his foot injury , drove in a run with a weak groundout to second	False
Mauer , catching consecutive games for the first time since returning from his foot injury , drove in a run with a weak groundout to second and twice grounded into double plays . Justin Morneau drove in the tying run in the third	True
Mauer , catching consecutive games for the first time since returning from his foot injury , drove in a run with a weak groundout to second and twice grounded into double plays . Justin Morneau drove in the tying run in the third with a single , and Delmon Young hit two doubles -- scoring on Span 's single to give the Twins the lead in the fourth	True
Justin Morneau drove in the tying run in the third with a single , and Delmon Young hit two doubles -- scoring on Span 's single to give the Twins the lead in the fourth . Orlando Hudson , given the option to bunt on his own , set up the rally in the third	True
Justin Morneau drove in the tying run in the third with a single , and Delmon Young hit two doubles -- scoring on Span 's single to give the Twins the lead in the fourth . Orlando Hudson , given the option to bunt on his own , set up the rally in the third with a sacrifice that moved runners to second	False
Justin Morneau drove in the tying run in the third with a single , and Delmon Young hit two doubles -- scoring on Span 's single to give the Twins the lead in the fourth . Orlando Hudson , given the option to bunt on his own , set up the rally in the third with a sacrifice that moved runners to second and third	False
Detroit 's Brad Thomas gave up two runs in three innings . Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings . Zumaya gave up two runs on three hits and two walks after pitching well for 1 2/3 innings . Coke retired two before Ryan Perry got Derek Jeter to line out to end the eighth	True
Valverde fanned Nick Swisher , Teixeira and Alex Rodriguez much to the delight of 34,365 fans . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run single in the first	True
Brennan Boesch hit a two - run single in the first after Rodriguez 's two - out throwing error . Boesch added an RBI triple in the seventh	True
Detroit needed the cushion . The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs against Zumaya in the eighth	True
Mitre ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- on five hits and two walks over 4 1/3 innings . Damon -- who signed an $ 8 million , one - year deal -- hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays won for the fourth time when trailing after eight innings this season . Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing Carlos Quentin 's RBI double in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays won for the fourth time when trailing after eight innings this season . Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing Carlos Quentin 's RBI double in the eighth . Kevin Gregg , who blew a save opportunity on Friday , pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing Carlos Quentin 's RBI double in the eighth . Kevin Gregg , who blew a save opportunity on Friday , pitched a scoreless ninth for his ninth save in 10 opportunities . Alex Rios hit a tying homer in the seventh	True
Vernon Wells hit his ninth homer and Adam Lind had a two - run single for the Blue Jays , who have won nine of 11 . Chicago pushed across two runs in the seventh	True
Ricky Romero pitched 5 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays , yielding four runs and eight hits . He struck out seven and walked five . The White Sox scored three times in the second	True
The White Sox scored three times in the second to take a 3 - 1 lead . Jayson Nix and Pierre hit back-to-back RBI singles , and Ramon Castro scored on Gordon Beckham 's groundout . Toronto responded with four in the third	True
Hunter Pence drove in Lance Berkman with a double in the 11th inning and the Astros beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 to snap a three - game losing streak . Pence and Carlos Lee hit back-to-back homers off Edward Mujica in the sixth	True
Hunter Pence drove in Lance Berkman with a double in the 11th inning and the Astros beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 to snap a three - game losing streak . Pence and Carlos Lee hit back-to-back homers off Edward Mujica in the sixth and Pedro Feliz drove in the tying run with a sacrifice fly off closer Heath Bell in the ninth	True
Tim Stauffer started for San Diego in place of Kevin Correia , who left the team on Sunday morning after the death of his younger brother in California on Saturday . Stauffer allowed six hits in five shutout innings and left with a 3 - 0 lead . Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) became the sixth San Diego pitcher in the 10th	True
Tim Stauffer started for San Diego in place of Kevin Correia , who left the team on Sunday morning after the death of his younger brother in California on Saturday . Stauffer allowed six hits in five shutout innings and left with a 3 - 0 lead . Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) became the sixth San Diego pitcher in the 10th , and Jeff Keppinger led off the 11th	False
Tim Stauffer started for San Diego in place of Kevin Correia , who left the team on Sunday morning after the death of his younger brother in California on Saturday . Stauffer allowed six hits in five shutout innings and left with a 3 - 0 lead . Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) became the sixth San Diego pitcher in the 10th , and Jeff Keppinger led off the 11th by beating out a bouncer that third baseman Chase Headley could n't handle . Berkman singled to left , but Keppinger was thrown out at third	False
Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) became the sixth San Diego pitcher in the 10th , and Jeff Keppinger led off the 11th by beating out a bouncer that third baseman Chase Headley could n't handle . Berkman singled to left , but Keppinger was thrown out at third on Jason Michaels ' bunt . Pence then drove a 1 - 0 pitch to left-center to give Houston its second win in 13 games . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Pence then drove a 1 - 0 pitch to left-center to give Houston its second win in 13 games . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th to earn the win . Oswalt got off to a fast start , striking out six and retiring 12 in a row after Tony Gwynn 's leadoff single . But he got into trouble during a wild fifth	True
Mills said he was upset that Marquez confronted his catcher . Stauffer hit a two - run double into the left-field corner for his fourth	False
Mills said he was n't trying to show up the umpire or spark his team . Mujica relieved Stauffer for the sixth	True
Mujica relieved Stauffer for the sixth and Lee and Pence hit Houston 's first consecutive homers of the season . Lee started the bottom half of the ninth	True
Mujica relieved Stauffer for the sixth and Lee and Pence hit Houston 's first consecutive homers of the season . Lee started the bottom half of the ninth with a grounder to the hole at shortstop . Hairston overthrew Adrian Gonzalez , allowing Lee to take second	False
Mujica relieved Stauffer for the sixth and Lee and Pence hit Houston 's first consecutive homers of the season . Lee started the bottom half of the ninth with a grounder to the hole at shortstop . Hairston overthrew Adrian Gonzalez , allowing Lee to take second . Kazuo Matsui came in to run , went to third	False
Justin Morneau hit his first Target Field homer after going deep six times on the road , a two - run shot that gave the Twins a first-inning lead , but that was about all they could muster . Markakis hit a two - run single with the bases loaded in the third	True
Justin Morneau hit his first Target Field homer after going deep six times on the road , a two - run shot that gave the Twins a first-inning lead , but that was about all they could muster . Markakis hit a two - run single with the bases loaded in the third on a roller up the middle that Liriano and shortstop Brendan Harris just missed . Three more runs scored on balls that found grass before gloves in the fourth	True
Now , Barajas leads the team with nine homers and both backstops have done a solid job offensively and defensively . Jason Bay and Angel Pagan had two RBIs apiece for the Mets , who have n't lost at Citi Field since a 9 - 3 setback against the Chicago Cubs on April 21 . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
New York ( 17 - 13 ) has won three of four overall and leads the majors with 13 home wins . Aubrey Huff drove in two runs for San Francisco , which lost cleanup hitter Molina to a tight left hamstring in the third	True
New York ( 17 - 13 ) has won three of four overall and leads the majors with 13 home wins . Aubrey Huff drove in two runs for San Francisco , which lost cleanup hitter Molina to a tight left hamstring in the third . Slumping slugger Pablo Sandoval singled in the fourth	True
New York ( 17 - 13 ) has won three of four overall and leads the majors with 13 home wins . Aubrey Huff drove in two runs for San Francisco , which lost cleanup hitter Molina to a tight left hamstring in the third . Slumping slugger Pablo Sandoval singled in the fourth to end an 0 - for - 15 slide and hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Todd Wellemeyer allowed four runs and three hits over 4 1/3 innings for San Francisco in his first start since April 27 . He tossed three scoreless innings in a relief appearance against Colorado last Sunday . Molina was replaced by Whiteside before the Mets batted in the bottom of the third	True
Todd Wellemeyer allowed four runs and three hits over 4 1/3 innings for San Francisco in his first start since April 27 . He tossed three scoreless innings in a relief appearance against Colorado last Sunday . Molina was replaced by Whiteside before the Mets batted in the bottom of the third . He led off the second	True
David Freese , who homered for St. Louis , said he got only five hours ' sleep . Reds relievers looked fatigued during St. Louis ' three - run eighth	True
Pujols ' RBI double with two outs in the seventh gave the Cardinals a 2 - 1 lead and chased Homer Bailey . He 's 9 of 17 with three doubles and four RBIs the first six games of a seven - game homestand , including his first day off of the season Thursday . Freese added his second homer of the season and second	False
Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) got the last four outs after the Reds scored twice off the St. Louis bullpen . Cincinnati benefited from a poor throw by Colby Rasmus on Scott Rolen 's tying sacrifice fly to shallow center . Rasmus , who was removed in a double switch , went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts . The only run the first six innings came on Freese 's drive that barely cleared the right field wall in the fourth	True
Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) got the last four outs after the Reds scored twice off the St. Louis bullpen . Cincinnati benefited from a poor throw by Colby Rasmus on Scott Rolen 's tying sacrifice fly to shallow center . Rasmus , who was removed in a double switch , went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts . The only run the first six innings came on Freese 's drive that barely cleared the right field wall in the fourth . Jay Bruce tripled to start the seventh	True
The only run the first six innings came on Freese 's drive that barely cleared the right field wall in the fourth . Jay Bruce tripled to start the seventh and Orlando Cabrera followed with a sacrifice fly to tie the game . Pujols ' RBI double put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 1 in the seventh	True
The only run the first six innings came on Freese 's drive that barely cleared the right field wall in the fourth . Jay Bruce tripled to start the seventh and Orlando Cabrera followed with a sacrifice fly to tie the game . Pujols ' RBI double put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 1 in the seventh and he scored on Rolen 's throwing error as the Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead . Rolen 's wild throw to first	False
Pujols ' RBI double put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 1 in the seventh and he scored on Rolen 's throwing error as the Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead . Rolen 's wild throw to first on Holliday 's infield hit got away from Votto and allowed Pujols to score . Jason LaRue doubled off Carlos Fisher ( 0 - 1 ) with one out in the eighth	True
Hoffman left the Padres as a free agent after the 2008 season . He had 37 saves with the Brewers last year , including one against San Diego at Milwaukee on Aug. 13 . His first two saves came with Florida in 1993 before he was traded to the Padres . San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez and manager Bud Black were ejected by plate umpire Rob Drake for arguing after the slugger took a called third strike for the first	True
Hoffman left the Padres as a free agent after the 2008 season . He had 37 saves with the Brewers last year , including one against San Diego at Milwaukee on Aug. 13 . His first two saves came with Florida in 1993 before he was traded to the Padres . San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez and manager Bud Black were ejected by plate umpire Rob Drake for arguing after the slugger took a called third strike for the first out of the eighth	True
The right-hander held San Diego to one run and six hits in seven innings , with two walks . The Padres stranded two runners each in the second	True
The right-hander held San Diego to one run and six hits in seven innings , with two walks . The Padres stranded two runners each in the second , third	True
The right-hander held San Diego to one run and six hits in seven innings , with two walks . The Padres stranded two runners each in the second , third and sixth	True
The Padres stranded two runners each in the second , third and sixth . Gallardo homered to left on the second pitch of the third inning , his first home run this season and the fifth	False
Gallardo gave that run back in the bottom half . Latos hit a leadoff single and Gonzalez had an RBI single . Weeks put the Brewers ahead 2 - 1 when he homered to left-center on Latos ' first pitch of the fifth	True
Gallardo gave that run back in the bottom half . Latos hit a leadoff single and Gonzalez had an RBI single . Weeks put the Brewers ahead 2 - 1 when he homered to left-center on Latos ' first pitch of the fifth . It was his fourth	False
The Braves ' strong pitching continued after Jurrjens ' exit . Four Atlanta relievers combined to give up two hits in four scoreless innings . Billy Wagner gave up a leadoff single to Ivan Rodriguez in the ninth	True
Four Atlanta relievers combined to give up two hits in four scoreless innings . Billy Wagner gave up a leadoff single to Ivan Rodriguez in the ninth before striking out Cristian Guzman , Alberto Gonzalez and Ian Desmond to earn his 16th save . Wagner posted his second straight save with three strikeouts in the ninth	True
Jurrjens , who was a combined 27 - 20 with a 3.10 ERA in his first two seasons , has had health problems most of the year . He was slowed in spring training by inflammation in his right shoulder and suffered a setback with his hamstring on May 10 . Jurrjens led 3 - 0 after five innings and was pulled after giving up singles to Ryan Zimmerman and Dunn and walking Josh Willingham with no outs in the sixth	True
Jurrjens returned to a team leading the NL East . Martin Prado led off the first	True
Martin Prado led off the first with a double off J. D. Martin ( 0 - 4 ) and scored on Brian McCann 's two - out double . The Braves added two runs off Martin in the fourth	True
Jurrjens , a .109 career hitter , surprised the Nationals ' infield when he pulled back from his bunt stance and lined a run-scoring single to left . Jurrjens ' first hit of the season drove in Eric Hinske , who led off with a single . Prado 's fly ball to left drove in Gregor Blanco later in the fourth	True
Martin gave up six hits and three runs in five innings . He has not won in nine starts since his last win on Sept. 18 , 2009 , at the Mets . Washington relievers Doug Slaten and Miguel Batista combined for two walks and two hit batters to help the Braves add a run in the seventh	True
Jerry Hairston hit a bloop RBI single to right to chase Francis , Denorfia greeted Franklin Morales with a bunt single to load the bases and Scott Hairston cleared the bases with a double into the left-field corner . Nick Hundley , the eighth batter of the inning , made the first	False
Nick Hundley , the eighth batter of the inning , made the first out when he popped up to the catcher . Francis walked the first two Padres batters in the first	True
Nick Hundley , the eighth batter of the inning , made the first out when he popped up to the catcher . Francis walked the first two Padres batters in the first and both scored . He got hit on the left arm by a line drive single by Chase Headley with two outs in the first	True
Four Rockies pitchers combined to walk eight and hit one batter , five of whom scored . The Padres added four more runs in the sixth	True
The Padres added four more runs in the sixth , including Richard 's RBI groundout and Cabrera 's bases-loaded walk . Scott Hairston and Headley had RBI singles in the first	True
Scott Hairston and Headley had RBI singles in the first . Richard ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings while walking one . He struck out five of his first six batters . He allowed Jonathan Herrera 's two - out , two - run double in the second	True
After rallying from a six - run deficit , the Orioles beat the Nationals 7 - 6 on Friday night when pinch-runner Jake Fox scored the winning run in the ninth inning on a throwing error by Cristian Guzman . Baltimore trailed 6 - 0 in the fifth inning and 6 - 3 in the eighth	True
Baltimore trailed 6 - 0 in the fifth inning and 6 - 3 in the eighth before coming back . Baltimore took full advantage of Washington 's season-high four errors -- none more damaging than the last . Matt Wieters drew a one - out walk from Tyler Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) in the ninth	True
Baltimore trailed 6 - 0 in the fifth inning and 6 - 3 in the eighth before coming back . Baltimore took full advantage of Washington 's season-high four errors -- none more damaging than the last . Matt Wieters drew a one - out walk from Tyler Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) in the ninth and moved to second	False
Matt Wieters drew a one - out walk from Tyler Clippard ( 8 - 4 ) in the ninth and moved to second on a single by Scott Moore . Fox then ran for Wieters , and Matt Capps entered to face Julio Lugo . Lugo hit a potential double-play grounder to shortstop Ian Desmond . After Guzman took the throw at second	False
Baltimore 's first three runs were also unearned . Two errors by Desmond in the fifth inning helped the Orioles close to 6 - 3 , and by the eighth inning the game was tied . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) worked the ninth	True
How about Moore ? Not only did his ninth-inning single set up the winning run , but his two - run , pinch-hit homer in the eighth got the Orioles to 6 - 5 . Before that hit , he was 1 - for - 17 with 10 strikeouts in his career as a pinch-hitter . In the eighth	True
Washington 's Nyjer Morgan got four hits , scored three runs and reached high above the center-field wall to make a sensational catch . But that -- and Dunn 's four RBIs -- were n't enough to prevent the Nationals from losing for the 18th time in their past 22 road games . Morgan singled and scored in both the first	True
Washington 's Nyjer Morgan got four hits , scored three runs and reached high above the center-field wall to make a sensational catch . But that -- and Dunn 's four RBIs -- were n't enough to prevent the Nationals from losing for the 18th time in their past 22 road games . Morgan singled and scored in both the first and third innings , doubled and scored in the fourth	True
Washington 's Nyjer Morgan got four hits , scored three runs and reached high above the center-field wall to make a sensational catch . But that -- and Dunn 's four RBIs -- were n't enough to prevent the Nationals from losing for the 18th time in their past 22 road games . Morgan singled and scored in both the first and third innings , doubled and scored in the fourth and singled in the sixth	True
When Morgan pulled the ball from his glove and threw it back to the infield , Patterson took off his batting helmet , tipped it in the outfielder 's direction and smiled . Nationals starter J. D. Martin thrust his arms upward and roared his approval . The Nationals built their early lead by scoring an unearned run off Jake Arrieta in the first inning and adding two runs in the third	True
The Nationals built their early lead by scoring an unearned run off Jake Arrieta in the first inning and adding two runs in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dunn and an RBI single by Ivan Rodriguez . Washington made it 6 - 0 in the fourth	True
Miguel Tejada had a season-high four hits , ended a long home run drought and drove in four runs to lead the Orioles past the Florida Marlins 11 - 5 on Thursday night . It was only the 20th win of the season for Baltimore and the fifth	False
To say the least . Tejada started the night with one RBI over his previous 99 at-bats and had gone a career-high 205 at-bats without a home run before hitting a three - run drive in the seventh inning . He also singled in a run and scored in the third inning , singled in the fourth	True
To say the least . Tejada started the night with one RBI over his previous 99 at-bats and had gone a career-high 205 at-bats without a home run before hitting a three - run drive in the seventh inning . He also singled in a run and scored in the third inning , singled in the fourth and singled and scored in the sixth	True
Unlike the beginning of the season , the Orioles gave him plenty of run support . Millwood fell into a familiar pattern by giving up two first-inning runs . Chris Coghlan hit a leadoff double and scored on a single by Hanley Ramirez , who stole second	False
The second inning went only slightly better for Millwood : Doubles by Ronny Paulino and Gaby Sanchez made it 3 - 0 . But the Orioles took the lead for good in the third	True
Robertson ( 5 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing since July 19 , 2008 , when he got only seven outs against the Orioles . Uggla hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
Robertson ( 5 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing since July 19 , 2008 , when he got only seven outs against the Orioles . Uggla hit an RBI single in the fifth , but Jones homered off rookie Alex Sanabia in the bottom half . Scott added an RBI double in the sixth	False
Robertson ( 5 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing since July 19 , 2008 , when he got only seven outs against the Orioles . Uggla hit an RBI single in the fifth , but Jones homered off rookie Alex Sanabia in the bottom half . Scott added an RBI double in the sixth , and Tejada connected off James Houser in the seventh	False
Brewers leadoff hitter Rickie Weeks had a hand in all his team 's runs in a 5 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night . Axford earned his sixth save and second	False
Axford earned his sixth save and second in two nights . After Joe Mauer 's RBI double with two outs , Morneau sharply yanked a slider down the right-field line foul , then looked at strike three . Manny Parra ( 2 - 5 ) won for the first time as a starter this season . He tied a 35-year team mark with four wild pitches , including one during an intentional walk . Reliever Kameron Loe threw a fifth	True
Weeks had three hits , drove in three runs and scored twice . Career saves leader Trevor Hoffman began warming up late in the eighth	True
None of the relievers ' innings were easy in Milwaukee 's third straight win . Loe , Zach Braddock , Carlos Villanueva and Axford all dealt with the tying run either at the plate or on base in the sixth	True
None of the relievers ' innings were easy in Milwaukee 's third straight win . Loe , Zach Braddock , Carlos Villanueva and Axford all dealt with the tying run either at the plate or on base in the sixth , seventh	True
None of the relievers ' innings were easy in Milwaukee 's third straight win . Loe , Zach Braddock , Carlos Villanueva and Axford all dealt with the tying run either at the plate or on base in the sixth , seventh , eighth	True
None of the relievers ' innings were easy in Milwaukee 's third straight win . Loe , Zach Braddock , Carlos Villanueva and Axford all dealt with the tying run either at the plate or on base in the sixth , seventh , eighth and ninth	True
Parra won for the first time as a starter since Sept. 25 , but it was n't pretty . The worst of his wild throws came in the sixth	True
Good thing he did n't . The throw allowed Jason Kubel to move to third	False
Good thing he did n't . The throw allowed Jason Kubel to move to third with one out , but Parra went on to pitch to Young and forced him to hit a short chopper to McGehee at third	False
The Tigers wasted leads of 4 - 0 and 5 - 4 before sending Arizona to its 14th consecutive road loss , extending its franchise record . There was a severe thunderstorm warning for the area around Comerica Park when Detroit pushed across two runs in the eighth	True
Willis was in a different uniform , but got off to a familiar start . His first three pitches were balls , and he walked leadoff hitter Ryan Raburn before giving up a one - out homer to Magglio Ordonez . Willis gave up two more runs in the second	True
Willis gave up two more runs in the second , but settled down after that . Arizona got Miguel Montero 's solo homer in the fourth	True
Willis gave up two more runs in the second , but settled down after that . Arizona got Miguel Montero 's solo homer in the fourth before scoring three times in the fifth	True
Ian Kinsler drove in three runs , Vladimir Guerrero hit his 15th homer and the Rangers rallied to complete a three - game sweep . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
Florida got to Dustin Nippert for three runs in the second inning . Ronny Paulino hit a two - run double and scored on Chris Coghlan 's infield out to make it 3 - 0 . But Texas took over from there . Guerrero connected in the fourth	True
Florida got to Dustin Nippert for three runs in the second inning . Ronny Paulino hit a two - run double and scored on Chris Coghlan 's infield out to make it 3 - 0 . But Texas took over from there . Guerrero connected in the fourth , extending his hitting streak to 13 games , and the Rangers added three more in the fifth	True
Julio Borbon walked on four pitches against Ricky Nolasco ( 5 - 6 ) , and Ogando followed with a single to left . Borbon scored on Nolasco 's throwing error on Elvis Andrus ' grounder before Kinsler hit a two - run double to center . Texas added two more runs in the seventh	True
Texas added two more runs in the seventh . Michael Young hit an RBI single off Tim Wood , and Kinsler had a sacrifice fly . Chris Ray pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings after Ogando left . Frank Francisco allowed Cody Ross ' RBI double in the eighth	False
That Lee would rebound so quickly was not a surprise for the Chicago Cubs , who beat Oakland Oakland 6 - 2 on Wednesday night . What was a bit startling was a sacrifice bunt from Alfonso Soriano -- his first ever in a Cubs uniform and first	False
What was a bit startling was a sacrifice bunt from Alfonso Soriano -- his first ever in a Cubs uniform and first in four years . What Soriano and all the Cubs , including winning pitcher Ryan Dempster , really want is to shake this season-long funk before it 's too late . The win Wednesday night was only Chicago 's seventh	False
A 's starter Gio Gonzalez ( 6 - 5 ) surrendered eight hits and a season-high six runs in five innings . Lee , in a 1 - for - 13 slump , led off the bottom of the second	True
A 's starter Gio Gonzalez ( 6 - 5 ) surrendered eight hits and a season-high six runs in five innings . Lee , in a 1 - for - 13 slump , led off the bottom of the second by lining his eighth homer of the season into the left-field bleachers , tying the score at 1 . Soriano walked one out later and moved to third	False
A 's starter Gio Gonzalez ( 6 - 5 ) surrendered eight hits and a season-high six runs in five innings . Lee , in a 1 - for - 13 slump , led off the bottom of the second by lining his eighth homer of the season into the left-field bleachers , tying the score at 1 . Soriano walked one out later and moved to third on Geovany Soto 's liner to center that was scored a double when Ryan Sweeney fell down fielding it . Starlin Castro followed with an RBI single to left , and Soto was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
`` I had a terrible night last night . It was embarrassing . So you try to come back and help your team .. .. Last night was not fun . '' Castro hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
`` I had a terrible night last night . It was embarrassing . So you try to come back and help your team .. .. Last night was not fun . '' Castro hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 in the fourth . It followed singles by Lee and Xavier Nady and the sacrifice bunt by Soriano -- his first since he was with the Nationals in 2006 and only the ninth	True
Castro hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 in the fourth . It followed singles by Lee and Xavier Nady and the sacrifice bunt by Soriano -- his first since he was with the Nationals in 2006 and only the ninth of his major league career -- and an intentional walk to Soto . Nady had a two - out RBI single , a hard smash that went past third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff and made it 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
But his bunt was what had his teammate talking . The A 's scored a run in the first	True
Dempster , who had a baserunner in each of the first five innings , was backed by three nice defensive plays from third baseman Jeff Baker . On an RBI grounder from Barton in the seventh	True
Gordon Beckham drove in three runs and the White Sox spoiled former first-round draft pick Brad Lincoln 's first start at home , beating Pittsburgh 6 - 4 Tuesday night and extending the last-place Pirates ' losing streak to nine games . Ramon Castro doubled in a run while reaching base four consecutive times and the White Sox bullpen pitched 3 1/3 shutout innings following Freddy Garcia 's uneven start . Chicago won its fifth	False
Gordon Beckham drove in three runs and the White Sox spoiled former first-round draft pick Brad Lincoln 's first start at home , beating Pittsburgh 6 - 4 Tuesday night and extending the last-place Pirates ' losing streak to nine games . Ramon Castro doubled in a run while reaching base four consecutive times and the White Sox bullpen pitched 3 1/3 shutout innings following Freddy Garcia 's uneven start . Chicago won its fifth in six games and sixth	False
The Pirates , losers of 10 of 11 and 15 of 18 , have plenty of problems while they 're stuck in their longest losing streak since they also dropped nine straight from Aug. 28-Sept. 5 . Maybe that 's why they 're calling up top prospect Pedro Alvarez , a third baseman and the No . 2 pick in the June 2008 draft , for Wednesday night 's game . Andrew McCutchen tried to provide one , matching his career high with three stolen bases and getting three hits and a walk . Ahead 5 - 4 , Chicago was so preoccupied with McCutchen after he singled in the seventh	True
The Pirates , losers of 10 of 11 and 15 of 18 , have plenty of problems while they 're stuck in their longest losing streak since they also dropped nine straight from Aug. 28-Sept. 5 . Maybe that 's why they 're calling up top prospect Pedro Alvarez , a third baseman and the No . 2 pick in the June 2008 draft , for Wednesday night 's game . Andrew McCutchen tried to provide one , matching his career high with three stolen bases and getting three hits and a walk . Ahead 5 - 4 , Chicago was so preoccupied with McCutchen after he singled in the seventh , reliever Matt Thornton made 14 pickoff throws to first	False
Andrew McCutchen tried to provide one , matching his career high with three stolen bases and getting three hits and a walk . Ahead 5 - 4 , Chicago was so preoccupied with McCutchen after he singled in the seventh , reliever Matt Thornton made 14 pickoff throws to first in a span of two batters to try to prevent him from stealing second -- which McCutchen eventually did , although he did n't score . The Pirates tied it at 4 in the fifth	True
Andrew McCutchen tried to provide one , matching his career high with three stolen bases and getting three hits and a walk . Ahead 5 - 4 , Chicago was so preoccupied with McCutchen after he singled in the seventh , reliever Matt Thornton made 14 pickoff throws to first in a span of two batters to try to prevent him from stealing second -- which McCutchen eventually did , although he did n't score . The Pirates tied it at 4 in the fifth after McCutchen singled in a run before stealing second	False
Andrew McCutchen tried to provide one , matching his career high with three stolen bases and getting three hits and a walk . Ahead 5 - 4 , Chicago was so preoccupied with McCutchen after he singled in the seventh , reliever Matt Thornton made 14 pickoff throws to first in a span of two batters to try to prevent him from stealing second -- which McCutchen eventually did , although he did n't score . The Pirates tied it at 4 in the fifth after McCutchen singled in a run before stealing second and third	False
Lincoln ( 0 - 1 ) followed up a 7 - 5 Pirates loss to Washington in his major league debut on Wednesday by again allowing five runs in six innings . The Pirates ' top pick in 2006 twice created runs by walking the leadoff batter , and he walked three overall , hit two batters and allowed six hits . Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) was only slightly more effective -- he gave up eight hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings -- but won his fourth	False
Lincoln ( 0 - 1 ) followed up a 7 - 5 Pirates loss to Washington in his major league debut on Wednesday by again allowing five runs in six innings . The Pirates ' top pick in 2006 twice created runs by walking the leadoff batter , and he walked three overall , hit two batters and allowed six hits . Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) was only slightly more effective -- he gave up eight hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings -- but won his fourth in a run when Beckham singled in the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) was only slightly more effective -- he gave up eight hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings -- but won his fourth in a run when Beckham singled in the go-ahead run in the sixth . In the second	True
Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) was only slightly more effective -- he gave up eight hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings -- but won his fourth in a run when Beckham singled in the go-ahead run in the sixth . In the second , Castro 's double preceded the light-hitting Beckham 's RBI grounder that tied it at 2 . Beckham , who came in batting .204 , followed Castro 's leadoff walk with a run-scoring double in fourth	False
The suicide squeeze is rarely seen these days , which might be why the unconventional Guillen called for it . Bobby Jenks finished up in the ninth	True
The suicide squeeze is rarely seen these days , which might be why the unconventional Guillen called for it . Bobby Jenks finished up in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities despite giving up McCutchen 's third hit in as many at-bats . Thornton and J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless inning each , and Sergio Santos struck out Neil Walker in the sixth	True
The suicide squeeze is rarely seen these days , which might be why the unconventional Guillen called for it . Bobby Jenks finished up in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities despite giving up McCutchen 's third hit in as many at-bats . Thornton and J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless inning each , and Sergio Santos struck out Neil Walker in the sixth with runners on second	False
The suicide squeeze is rarely seen these days , which might be why the unconventional Guillen called for it . Bobby Jenks finished up in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities despite giving up McCutchen 's third hit in as many at-bats . Thornton and J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless inning each , and Sergio Santos struck out Neil Walker in the sixth with runners on second and third	False
Bobby Jenks finished up in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities despite giving up McCutchen 's third hit in as many at-bats . Thornton and J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless inning each , and Sergio Santos struck out Neil Walker in the sixth with runners on second and third . Alex Rios ' run-scoring single gave Chicago an insurance run in the top of the ninth	False
Raburn 's prolonged slump had caused him to lose his starting job to rookie Brennan Boesch . He was in the lineup Tuesday only because center fielder Austin Jackson was sidelined with back spasms , but he got a pregame tip from Tigers hitting coach Lloyd McClendon . Raburn drew a bases-loaded walk in the second inning , then hit a leadoff single that started a two - run fourth	True
Max Scherzer ( 3 - 6 ) struck out nine in six innings . He allowed three earned runs and seven hits . Jose Valverde picked up his 14th save with a scoreless ninth	True
Washington manager Jim Riggleman did n't think the two games had much in common . Nyjer Morgan manufactured the game 's first run . With one out in the Nationals first	True
Washington manager Jim Riggleman did n't think the two games had much in common . Nyjer Morgan manufactured the game 's first run . With one out in the Nationals first , he reached on a bunt single , stole second	False
Washington manager Jim Riggleman did n't think the two games had much in common . Nyjer Morgan manufactured the game 's first run . With one out in the Nationals first , he reached on a bunt single , stole second and continued to third	False
Nyjer Morgan manufactured the game 's first run . With one out in the Nationals first , he reached on a bunt single , stole second and continued to third on catcher Gerald Laird 's throwing error , then scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly to shallow right field . The Nationals got two more runs in the third	True
The Nationals got two more runs in the third on RBI singles by Josh Willingham and former Tiger Ivan Rodriguez . The Tigers made it 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Miguel Cabrera beat the throw home on a grounder to first	False
The Tigers made it 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Miguel Cabrera beat the throw home on a grounder to first . Mike Morse hit a leadoff homer in the Nationals fourth	True
The Tigers made it 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Miguel Cabrera beat the throw home on a grounder to first . Mike Morse hit a leadoff homer in the Nationals fourth . Detroit tied it in its half of the fourth	True
Mike Morse hit a leadoff homer in the Nationals fourth . Detroit tied it in its half of the fourth when Ordonez hit an RBI double and later scored on Carlos Guillen 's sacrifice fly . Laird led off the fifth	True
Michael Cuddyer , Delmon Young and Denard Span all had run-scoring hits , and Punto 's line drive to center scored two more in the decisive inning . It was n't exactly pretty , but it was effective . Tolbert hit his first homer of the season in the eighth	True
Paced by the incomparable Ubaldo Jimenez , the Rockies entered the game with a 3.16 ERA in June . They held the powerful Blue Jays to six runs total in a three - game sweep this past weekend . Helton led off the sixth	True
On a night when the NHL 's Chicago Blackhawks were saluted for their Stanley Cup championship , Lilly and Floyd put on a jaw-dropping display on the mound . Floyd flirted with a no-hitter of his own for the White Sox before Alfonso Soriano doubled with two outs in the bottom of the seventh	True
That took care of Floyd 's no-hit bid -- but Lilly was still going and the tension began to mount as he inched closer to the first no-hitter at storied Wrigley Field since Milt Pappas blanked San Diego on Sept. 2 , 1972 . Fans booed loudly when Gordon Beckham of the White Sox tried to bunt for a hit in the eighth	True
That took care of Floyd 's no-hit bid -- but Lilly was still going and the tension began to mount as he inched closer to the first no-hitter at storied Wrigley Field since Milt Pappas blanked San Diego on Sept. 2 , 1972 . Fans booed loudly when Gordon Beckham of the White Sox tried to bunt for a hit in the eighth . He fouled it off and wound up popping up for the second	False
Lilly could n't close it out . Pierre , batting for Floyd with rain falling in the ninth	True
Pierre , batting for Floyd with rain falling in the ninth , lined an 0 - 1 slider to center for a clean single that chased Lilly , who left to a standing ovation but showed little emotion on his way to the dugout . The left-hander also took a no-hitter into the eighth inning for the New York Yankees at Seattle on April 27 , 2002 , losing the game 1 - 0 on Desi Relaford 's RBI single . Carlos Marmol came in and walked Andruw Jones before a balk put runners at second	False
Pierre , batting for Floyd with rain falling in the ninth , lined an 0 - 1 slider to center for a clean single that chased Lilly , who left to a standing ovation but showed little emotion on his way to the dugout . The left-hander also took a no-hitter into the eighth inning for the New York Yankees at Seattle on April 27 , 2002 , losing the game 1 - 0 on Desi Relaford 's RBI single . Carlos Marmol came in and walked Andruw Jones before a balk put runners at second and third	False
In Chicago , it 's been far from a perfect season , with both teams struggling . The win was the first	False
The Giants , who were swept by the A 's last month in Oakland , improved to 8 - 4 in June after scuffling to a 14 - 14 mark in May . They moved a season-high eight games over .500 and pulled within 1 1/2 games of first-place San Diego in the NL West . Manager Bruce Bochy altered his lineup before the game , moving Pablo Sandoval into the No . 2 slot while dropping Juan Uribe to fourth	False
The changes worked nicely . Sandoval walked in the sixth	True
Sandoval walked in the sixth and scored on Huff 's ninth homer . Uribe , batting cleanup for only the sixth time this season , followed with a drive to left to make it 4 - 1 . Sandoval also walked in the eighth	True
Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a season-best six innings for Oakland , yielding four runs , three earned , and six hits . Cain ran his scoreless streak to 16 innings before Landon Powell hit a two - out RBI single in the fourth	True
Cain ran his scoreless streak to 16 innings before Landon Powell hit a two - out RBI single in the fourth . Cliff Pennington then doubled to right but Powell was thrown out trying to score , ending the inning . Cain pitched out of another jam in the sixth	True
Cain ran his scoreless streak to 16 innings before Landon Powell hit a two - out RBI single in the fourth . Cliff Pennington then doubled to right but Powell was thrown out trying to score , ending the inning . Cain pitched out of another jam in the sixth . With one out and runners at the corners , he struck out Adam Rosales and retired Powell on a bouncer to second	False
Cain pitched out of another jam in the sixth . With one out and runners at the corners , he struck out Adam Rosales and retired Powell on a bouncer to second . San Francisco 's bullpen nearly let Cain 's latest gem get away . Reliever Dan Runzler 's throwing error set up Kevin Kouzmanoff 's RBI single in the eighth	True
San Francisco 's bullpen nearly let Cain 's latest gem get away . Reliever Dan Runzler 's throwing error set up Kevin Kouzmanoff 's RBI single in the eighth . Guillermo Mota then came in and walked two batters to load the bases before Santiago Casilla got pinch-hitter Mark Ellis to pop up for the final out of the inning . The Giants grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
San Francisco 's bullpen nearly let Cain 's latest gem get away . Reliever Dan Runzler 's throwing error set up Kevin Kouzmanoff 's RBI single in the eighth . Guillermo Mota then came in and walked two batters to load the bases before Santiago Casilla got pinch-hitter Mark Ellis to pop up for the final out of the inning . The Giants grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Pat Burrell singled , took second	False
The 24-year-old switch-hitter had a two - run double off former Indians farmhand J. D. Martin ( 0 - 2 ) , in a four - run second inning that put Cleveland ahead 5 - 0 . He then hit his first homer on a 1 - 1 pitch leading off the sixth	True
Carmona gave up three hits and one run in his second complete game of the year to win for the first time in six starts . He struck out seven without a walk as Cleveland won its fourth straight for the first time since April 15 - 18 . The Nationals fell to 4 - 14 on the road since May 13 . Ryan Zimmerman ruined Carmona 's shutout bid with his 13th homer to open the eighth	True
Acta thanked the coaching staff at Triple-A Columbus for preparing Santana for the majors . Cleveland scored an unearned run without a hit in the first	True
Acta thanked the coaching staff at Triple-A Columbus for preparing Santana for the majors . Cleveland scored an unearned run without a hit in the first . Shin-Soo Choo was hit by a pitch , went to third	False
Cleveland scored an unearned run without a hit in the first . Shin-Soo Choo was hit by a pitch , went to third on a throwing error by second baseman Adam Kennedy , and scored on a sacrifice fly by Travis Hafner . Luis Valbuena had a sacrifice fly and Choo an RBI single in the second	True
Carlos Pena hit his 129th homer with Tampa Bay , which set a franchise record . The Rays have won six of nine against Toronto this season . Tampa Bay All-Star left fielder Carl Crawford was out of the starting lineup for the second time in the past three games for what Rays manager Joe Maddon called `` preventative maintenance . '' Crawford did pinch-run and steal second	False
Carlos Pena hit his 129th homer with Tampa Bay , which set a franchise record . The Rays have won six of nine against Toronto this season . Tampa Bay All-Star left fielder Carl Crawford was out of the starting lineup for the second time in the past three games for what Rays manager Joe Maddon called `` preventative maintenance . '' Crawford did pinch-run and steal second in the ninth	True
Maddon said Crawford will play in all three games of an interleague series with Florida that starts on Friday . Kevin Gregg , who allowed a leadoff homer to Sean Rodriguez , pitched the ninth	True
Gonzalez put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 on a second-inning homer . The Blue Jays , who lead the majors with 98 homers , had not gone deep in the previous 20 innings . Pena tied it at 1 in the bottom of the second	True
Pena tied it at 1 in the bottom of the second on his fifth homer over the past four games . Toronto went up 2 - 1 in the third	True
Manny Ramirez hit an RBI double in the eighth inning and the surging Dodgers won 1 - 0 Tuesday night to take sole possession of first place in the NL West for the first time this season . The Dodgers lead San Diego by a half-game and their 35 - 24 record is the best in the NL . With their eighth win in 10 games , they 're back in first	False
St. Louis slugger Albert Pujols was blanked for a second straight night and is hitless in eight at-bats in the series , a rematch of last year 's first-round playoff won by the Dodgers in a three - game sweep . Matt Holliday singled in the ninth	True
Carpenter has a 0.83 ERA since May 28 . Rafael Furcal led off the eighth	True
Ramirez was the first player out of the Dodgers ' clubhouse and did n't speak with reporters in keeping with his behavior this season . Ethier had to stop at third	False
Ethier had to stop at third because of fan interference . James Loney was intentionally walked to load the bases , but McClellan minimized the damage by striking out Casey Blake and Blake DeWitt . Hong-Chih Kuo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth	True
Hong-Chih Kuo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth and Broxton got three outs for his 15th save in 17 chances -- on his own bobblehead night . He fanned Pujols on a slider in the dirt -- Pujols checked his swing and the umpire ruled a strike . Cardinals right fielder Ryan Ludwick kept the game scoreless in the seventh	True
Hong-Chih Kuo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth and Broxton got three outs for his 15th save in 17 chances -- on his own bobblehead night . He fanned Pujols on a slider in the dirt -- Pujols checked his swing and the umpire ruled a strike . Cardinals right fielder Ryan Ludwick kept the game scoreless in the seventh with a perfect one - hop throw to catcher Yadier Molina , who had an extra second	False
Hong-Chih Kuo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth and Broxton got three outs for his 15th save in 17 chances -- on his own bobblehead night . He fanned Pujols on a slider in the dirt -- Pujols checked his swing and the umpire ruled a strike . Cardinals right fielder Ryan Ludwick kept the game scoreless in the seventh with a perfect one - hop throw to catcher Yadier Molina , who had an extra second to brace himself for the collision with DeWitt as he tried to score from second	False
Jeff Francoeur hit a tying , three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Mets rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Sunday , running their home winning streak to eight games . Angel Pagan had a two - run single in New York 's three - run sixth	True
Jeff Francoeur hit a tying , three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Mets rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Sunday , running their home winning streak to eight games . Angel Pagan had a two - run single in New York 's three - run sixth and scored the go-ahead run when Ike Davis grounded into a double play in the eighth	True
The Mets improved to 18 - 4 in their last 22 games at Citi Field . They lead the majors with 22 home wins , including a nine - game winning streak in Queens that spanned from April 22 to May 8 . Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) struck out Chris Coghlan with runners on first	False
The Mets improved to 18 - 4 in their last 22 games at Citi Field . They lead the majors with 22 home wins , including a nine - game winning streak in Queens that spanned from April 22 to May 8 . Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) struck out Chris Coghlan with runners on first and second	False
The Mets improved to 18 - 4 in their last 22 games at Citi Field . They lead the majors with 22 home wins , including a nine - game winning streak in Queens that spanned from April 22 to May 8 . Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) struck out Chris Coghlan with runners on first and second to end the eighth	True
The Mets improved to 18 - 4 in their last 22 games at Citi Field . They lead the majors with 22 home wins , including a nine - game winning streak in Queens that spanned from April 22 to May 8 . Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) struck out Chris Coghlan with runners on first and second to end the eighth , and Francisco Rodriguez finished for his 12th save in 15 opportunities . Cody Ross struck out with a runner on second	False
Francoeur hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Wood into the seats in left for his sixth homer , tying it at 6 and delighting the crowd of 36,612 . Pagan started the winning rally with a leadoff walk against Clay Hensley ( 1 - 2 ) . He went to third	False
Gonzalez tweaked his lineup for the series finale , hoping a return to the leadoff spot would help Ramirez snap out of his funk . The results were mixed ; last year 's NL batting champ went 0 for 2 with three walks and is stuck in a 1 - for - 12 rut . Uggla , batting third	False
Gonzalez tweaked his lineup for the series finale , hoping a return to the leadoff spot would help Ramirez snap out of his funk . The results were mixed ; last year 's NL batting champ went 0 for 2 with three walks and is stuck in a 1 - for - 12 rut . Uggla , batting third in Ramirez 's usual spot , led off the fourth	True
Gonzalez tweaked his lineup for the series finale , hoping a return to the leadoff spot would help Ramirez snap out of his funk . The results were mixed ; last year 's NL batting champ went 0 for 2 with three walks and is stuck in a 1 - for - 12 rut . Uggla , batting third in Ramirez 's usual spot , led off the fourth with his 13th homer , driving an 0 - 2 pitch from Hisanori Takahashi into the seats in left . It was his fifth	False
Rickie Weeks homered early and Corey Hart hit a sacrifice fly in the 10th inning , lifting Milwaukee to a 4 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday night . The 22-year-old Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Cardinals , who had won three straight , fought back from a three - run deficit but lost for the third time in 10 games . Jason Motte ( 2 - 2 ) , who had retired 32 consecutive batters , walked Prince Fielder with one out in the 10th	True
Jason Motte ( 2 - 2 ) , who had retired 32 consecutive batters , walked Prince Fielder with one out in the 10th . Ryan Braun followed with an infield single and Casey McGehee also singled , loading the bases . Hart drove in Fielder with a fly to center . John Axford got three outs for his fourth save . Showing sharp reflexes , he made a quick stab of Ryan Ludwick 's liner for the first	False
The Brewers loaded the bases on three consecutive singles to start the game but Garcia held Milwaukee to two runs . An error by third baseman Felipe Lopez scored Weeks , and a sacrifice fly by McGehee drove in Carlos Gomez . A double play helped Garcia escape further damage . Weeks hit a first-pitch homer to lead off the third	True
Weeks hit a first-pitch homer to lead off the third for a 3 - 0 Milwaukee advantage . A double play helped Garcia out of the inning . With two outs in the fifth	True
With two outs in the fifth , Milwaukee loaded the bases but Garcia caught Hart looking . Colby Rasmus , hitless in seven career at-bats against Parra , smacked a leadoff homer in the third	True
Colby Rasmus , hitless in seven career at-bats against Parra , smacked a leadoff homer in the third , making it 3 - 1 . In his last six games , Rasmus is 11 for 22 . He left the game with tightness in his left calf after six innings . The Cardinals had a chance for a big inning in the sixth	True
Bush struck out pinch-hitter Skip Schumaker , who fouled off seven pitches in the 12-pitch at-bat . Kameron Loe then got pinch-hitter David Freese to ground out . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the eighth	True
Bush struck out pinch-hitter Skip Schumaker , who fouled off seven pitches in the 12-pitch at-bat . Kameron Loe then got pinch-hitter David Freese to ground out . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Randy Winn , who entered in the seventh	True
It took 4 hours , 6 minutes to play nine innings with the temperature in the low 90s the entire time . That was after another game in bright sunshine Saturday when it was even hotter . A day after becoming the first Rays catcher ever to lead off , Jaso batted first	False
Tampa Bay plays 19 of its next 31 games before the All-Star break at Tropicana Field . Jaso had a two - run homer , a two - run single and an RBI double . He even provided a lighthearted moment during the long day when he fell down making a wide turn of second base in the fifth	True
Garza struck out four and walked two to snap a three - game losing streak that matched the longest in his career . The Rays never trailed after Jaso 's third homer made it 2 - 1 in the third	True
The Rays never trailed after Jaso 's third homer made it 2 - 1 in the third . Upton was on base after an error by third baseman Michael Young , a play initially ruled a base hit before being changed by the official scorer three innings later . Pena snapped a 5 - for - 51 slump with his ninth homer leading off the fourth	True
Pena snapped a 5 - for - 51 slump with his ninth homer leading off the fourth . After Upton 's leadoff double in the fifth	True
After Upton 's leadoff double in the fifth , Jaso reached when shortstop Elvis Andrus dropped a popup in the middle of the infield . Evan Longoria 's RBI single then made it 4 - 2 before Harden left . Jaso 's two - run single in the eighth ended reliever Frank Francisco 's string of 12 consecutive scoreless appearances . Jaso added the RBI double in the ninth	False
Jaso 's two - run single in the eighth ended reliever Frank Francisco 's string of 12 consecutive scoreless appearances . Jaso added the RBI double in the ninth . Texas was within 5 - 4 when Josh Hamilton had a pinch-hit RBI single in the sixth	True
Texas was within 5 - 4 when Josh Hamilton had a pinch-hit RBI single in the sixth , two batters and the second pitcher after Justin Smoak 's RBI single chased Garza . Hamilton was not in the starting lineup after having a cortisone injection in his sore right knee Saturday . David Murphy 's grounder in the fourth drove home a run to get Texas within 3 - 2 , but Vladimir Guerrero was thrown out trying to score on Smoak 's grounder to first	False
Peavy ( 4 - 5 ) pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on six hits . He struck out three and walked one . Chris Perez pitched a scoreless eighth inning and Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth	True
After the game , White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen called his club , `` a very bad hitting team . '' Peavy was perfect through the first three innings , but was done in with a poor fourth inning . Trevor Crowe and Shin-Soo Choo hit back-to-back singles in the fourth	True
After the game , White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen called his club , `` a very bad hitting team . '' Peavy was perfect through the first three innings , but was done in with a poor fourth inning . Trevor Crowe and Shin-Soo Choo hit back-to-back singles in the fourth . After a three hit game on Friday , Kearns followed with a RBI single to left . Juan Pierre had trouble picking up Kearns ' ball and Choo tried to take third	False
After the game , White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen called his club , `` a very bad hitting team . '' Peavy was perfect through the first three innings , but was done in with a poor fourth inning . Trevor Crowe and Shin-Soo Choo hit back-to-back singles in the fourth . After a three hit game on Friday , Kearns followed with a RBI single to left . Juan Pierre had trouble picking up Kearns ' ball and Choo tried to take third , but was tagged out while sliding into third	False
After the game , White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen called his club , `` a very bad hitting team . '' Peavy was perfect through the first three innings , but was done in with a poor fourth inning . Trevor Crowe and Shin-Soo Choo hit back-to-back singles in the fourth . After a three hit game on Friday , Kearns followed with a RBI single to left . Juan Pierre had trouble picking up Kearns ' ball and Choo tried to take third , but was tagged out while sliding into third . Kearns ended up taking second	False
After the game , White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen called his club , `` a very bad hitting team . '' Peavy was perfect through the first three innings , but was done in with a poor fourth inning . Trevor Crowe and Shin-Soo Choo hit back-to-back singles in the fourth . After a three hit game on Friday , Kearns followed with a RBI single to left . Juan Pierre had trouble picking up Kearns ' ball and Choo tried to take third , but was tagged out while sliding into third . Kearns ended up taking second on the throw . During Branyan 's at-bat , Peavy threw a wild pitch , allowing Kearns to move to third	False
Peavy was perfect through the first three innings , but was done in with a poor fourth inning . Trevor Crowe and Shin-Soo Choo hit back-to-back singles in the fourth . After a three hit game on Friday , Kearns followed with a RBI single to left . Juan Pierre had trouble picking up Kearns ' ball and Choo tried to take third , but was tagged out while sliding into third . Kearns ended up taking second on the throw . During Branyan 's at-bat , Peavy threw a wild pitch , allowing Kearns to move to third . Three pitches later , Peavy made a motion to the mound and stopped , resulting in a balk called by home plate umpire Lance Barksdale to score Kearns . The White Sox got a run back in the bottom half , Alex Rios led off with an infield hit and stole second	False
Peavy was perfect through the first three innings , but was done in with a poor fourth inning . Trevor Crowe and Shin-Soo Choo hit back-to-back singles in the fourth . After a three hit game on Friday , Kearns followed with a RBI single to left . Juan Pierre had trouble picking up Kearns ' ball and Choo tried to take third , but was tagged out while sliding into third . Kearns ended up taking second on the throw . During Branyan 's at-bat , Peavy threw a wild pitch , allowing Kearns to move to third . Three pitches later , Peavy made a motion to the mound and stopped , resulting in a balk called by home plate umpire Lance Barksdale to score Kearns . The White Sox got a run back in the bottom half , Alex Rios led off with an infield hit and stole second . With two outs , Rios scored from second	False
Smoak , the 11th overall pick in the 2008 draft and the Rangers ' top hitting prospect , was called up from Triple-A Oklahoma City on April 23 . He was batting .167 earlier this week until an 8 for 17 streak pushed his average to a more respectable .208 . Smoak 's two - run homer in the second	True
Ben Zobrist had three hits and Evan Longoria homered for the Rays , who lost for only the seventh time in 28 road games . Rangers starter C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 3 ) recovered from a four - run second	True
Neftali Feliz got three outs for his 15th save in 17 chances despite hitting two batters . Wilson pitched a perfect first	True
Neftali Feliz got three outs for his 15th save in 17 chances despite hitting two batters . Wilson pitched a perfect first with two strikeouts , but the Rays loaded the bases with nobody out in the second	True
Carlos Pena was credited with an RBI when Rangers second baseman Ian Kinsler booted Pena 's ground ball for an error . Sean Rodriguez 's RBI ground-out made it 2 - 0 , and Carl Crawford 's single drove in two more . Hamilton 's blast on the first pitch of the fourth	True
Davis gave up eight runs , matching a career high , and a career-high nine hits over 3 1/3 innings . Former Ranger Hank Blalock 's RBI ground-out as a pinch hitter in the sixth	True
The deficit was too much for the Rays to overcome . Rangers manager Ron Washington was ejected in the eighth	True
Wainwright needed just 103 pitches to finish his gem . He threw first-pitch strikes to 22 of 30 batters and had only two three - ball counts . Wainwright has gone at least six innings in all 12 starts this season . He gave up a leadoff double to Rickie Weeks to start the game and also surrendered a one - out double to Corey Hart in the second	True
St. Louis third baseman Felipe Lopez said it was a thrill to play behind Wainwright . Rasmus provided the necessary offense with his ninth homer of the season in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols drove in two runs , one on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the third -- his 152nd career RBI with the bases loaded . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) sent the first six batters down in order on 20 pitches before running into trouble in the third	True
Albert Pujols drove in two runs , one on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the third -- his 152nd career RBI with the bases loaded . Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) sent the first six batters down in order on 20 pitches before running into trouble in the third . Rasmus drew a leadoff walk and Brendan Ryan followed with a single up the middle . One out later , Rasmus scored on Lopez 's grounder to third	False
Wolf gave up five earned runs in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out four and walked four . Matt Holliday added an RBI double in the seventh	True
They were on Thursday . Suzuki homered in his first two at-bats against Tim Wakefield ( 1 - 4 ) , a solo shot in the second inning and a two - run homer in the four - run fourth	True
They were on Thursday . Suzuki homered in his first two at-bats against Tim Wakefield ( 1 - 4 ) , a solo shot in the second inning and a two - run homer in the four - run fourth . Then , with Oakland leading 7 - 5 in the eighth	True
The loss left Red Sox catcher Victor Martinez frustrated that his team 's 18 hits -- 10 for extra bases and three for homers -- were n't enough to win . It did n't help that Martinez , in the second	True
The loss left Red Sox catcher Victor Martinez frustrated that his team 's 18 hits -- 10 for extra bases and three for homers -- were n't enough to win . It did n't help that Martinez , in the second , and Darnell McDonald , in the fourth	True
The homers off Delcarmen made it 9 - 5 before Boston rallied . It scored a run in the seventh	True
The homers off Delcarmen made it 9 - 5 before Boston rallied . It scored a run in the seventh on Bill Hall 's RBI groundout and another in the eighth	False
It scored a run in the seventh on Bill Hall 's RBI groundout and another in the eighth on Marco Scutaro 's third homer of the year . Dustin Pedroia followed that with a walk and Martinez singled . Then Andrew Bailey came in and retired the next three batters , finishing by striking out David Ortiz , who had eight homers in his previous 17 games . Bailey allowed Hall 's solo homer in the ninth	False
Boston lost a game in which it had 18 hits and 10 extra-base hits for the first time since May 21 , 1995 , when it also had 18 in a 12 - 11 loss to Cleveland . On Thursday , Hall had four hits and Kevin Youkilis and Jeremy Hermida three each . Adrian Beltre 's RBI single gave Boston a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Boston lost a game in which it had 18 hits and 10 extra-base hits for the first time since May 21 , 1995 , when it also had 18 in a 12 - 11 loss to Cleveland . On Thursday , Hall had four hits and Kevin Youkilis and Jeremy Hermida three each . Adrian Beltre 's RBI single gave Boston a 1 - 0 lead in the first before Suzuki 's homer tied it . The Red Sox made it 2 - 1 in the bottom of the second	True
Adrian Beltre 's RBI single gave Boston a 1 - 0 lead in the first before Suzuki 's homer tied it . The Red Sox made it 2 - 1 in the bottom of the second on a run-scoring groundout by Scutaro . Then the A 's scored four runs in the fourth	True
Adrian Beltre 's RBI single gave Boston a 1 - 0 lead in the first before Suzuki 's homer tied it . The Red Sox made it 2 - 1 in the bottom of the second on a run-scoring groundout by Scutaro . Then the A 's scored four runs in the fourth for a 5 - 2 lead on a two - run double by Mark Ellis and the two - run homer by Suzuki , his seventh	False
Then the A 's scored four runs in the fourth for a 5 - 2 lead on a two - run double by Mark Ellis and the two - run homer by Suzuki , his seventh of the season . Scutaro hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Then the A 's scored four runs in the fourth for a 5 - 2 lead on a two - run double by Mark Ellis and the two - run homer by Suzuki , his seventh of the season . Scutaro hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth , but Oakland scored in the sixth	False
Then the A 's scored four runs in the fourth for a 5 - 2 lead on a two - run double by Mark Ellis and the two - run homer by Suzuki , his seventh of the season . Scutaro hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth , but Oakland scored in the sixth on Gabe Gross ' RBI single . Boston made it 6 - 5 in the bottom of the inning on Hermida 's fifth homer of the year , a two - run shot before the A 's got a run in the seventh	False
Then the A 's scored four runs in the fourth for a 5 - 2 lead on a two - run double by Mark Ellis and the two - run homer by Suzuki , his seventh of the season . Scutaro hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth , but Oakland scored in the sixth on Gabe Gross ' RBI single . Boston made it 6 - 5 in the bottom of the inning on Hermida 's fifth homer of the year , a two - run shot before the A 's got a run in the seventh when Ellis , who had walked , scored on third baseman Beltre 's wild throw to first	False
The bullpen , well , it had some issues . The Royals scored two runs off Kevin Jepsen in the eighth inning and pinch-hitter Willie Bloomquist hit a two - run homer off Brian Fuentes in the ninth	True
A year after a Zack-tastical run to the AL Cy Young Award , the spotlight-avoiding right-hander has idled in traffic behind low run support . It 's not that the Royals ca n't hit ; they entered Thursday 's game second	False
Greinke again did n't get much help , but was n't particularly sharp , either . Erick Aybar doubled on his first pitch -- he was thrown out trying to stretch it to a triple -- and Michael Ryan led off the second	True
Erick Aybar doubled on his first pitch -- he was thrown out trying to stretch it to a triple -- and Michael Ryan led off the second with another double , scoring on Kevin Frandsen 's run-scoring single . Hunter made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Erick Aybar doubled on his first pitch -- he was thrown out trying to stretch it to a triple -- and Michael Ryan led off the second with another double , scoring on Kevin Frandsen 's run-scoring single . Hunter made it 3 - 0 in the fifth with his homer into the fountains in left-center and another run scored in the sixth	True
Greinke allowed four runs on 10 hits in six innings after giving up seven in 3 1/3 his last home start . Weaver had the Royals flailing most of the day , scattering four hits and striking out nine . He was tested just once , escaping a two - on , one - out jam in the fifth inning with a strikeout and a nifty backhanded snare by Frandsen at third	False
Weaver 's day was uneventful , but plate umpire Mike Estabrook 's sure was n't . He got into a shouting match with Scioscia after a foul ball by Podsednik in the first inning and ejected Royals manager Ned Yost in the third	True
Even without Guerrero , Texas still managed to pound Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 6 ) . Treanor capped a three - run first	True
Even without Guerrero , Texas still managed to pound Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 6 ) . Treanor capped a three - run first with a two - run bases-loaded double , and led off the third	True
Even without Guerrero , Texas still managed to pound Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 6 ) . Treanor capped a three - run first with a two - run bases-loaded double , and led off the third with his third homer . He was also robbed in the sixth	True
Floyd lasted 2 2/3 innings , allowing eight hits and six runs . It was the sixth time an opponent scored at least five runs against him , and the Rangers had their way even though they did n't have their slugger . The injury to Guerrero , who 's batting .335 with 12 homers and is second	False
Gallardo homered for the second time this season and won his sixth straight decision as the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 4 on Wednesday night . Gallardo ( 6 - 2 ) gave up two runs in seven innings with four strikeouts . He hit a solo homer in the seventh inning -- the sixth	False
All six of his home runs have came in Brewers victories . Brewers slugger Prince Fielder also hit his ninth home run of the season and the second	False
The Marlins led 2 - 0 until the sixth inning behind a solid outing by Chris Volstad before Carlos Gomez knocked in a run with a single chasing the Florida right-hander . Gallardo , batting eighth	False
The Marlins led 2 - 0 until the sixth inning behind a solid outing by Chris Volstad before Carlos Gomez knocked in a run with a single chasing the Florida right-hander . Gallardo , batting eighth in the lineup , led off the seventh	True
Gallardo , batting eighth in the lineup , led off the seventh with a home run off lefty Taylor Tankersley . With two outs in the top of the eighth inning and the score tied , Gomez stepped to the plate against Jorge Sosa ( 1 - 1 ) with Casey McGehee on second	False
George Kottaras immediately followed and hit a deep home run to right field despite breaking his bat on the blast for a 5 - 2 advantage . Dan Uggla scored on a groundout by Ronny Paulino in the bottom of the inning to pull the Marlins within two , but Fielder hit a solo homer and Craig Counsell hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
Capps pitched a scoreless ninth inning for a save in his first appearance with Minnesota , preserving a 5 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Capps gave up a two - out single to Chone Figgins before striking out Casey Kotchman , ending the game with a pump of his fist . Of his 94 career saves , this was his 11th	False
Capps pitched a scoreless ninth inning for a save in his first appearance with Minnesota , preserving a 5 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Capps gave up a two - out single to Chone Figgins before striking out Casey Kotchman , ending the game with a pump of his fist . Of his 94 career saves , this was his 11th against an AL team -- and his first	False
Capps gave up a two - out single to Chone Figgins before striking out Casey Kotchman , ending the game with a pump of his fist . Of his 94 career saves , this was his 11th against an AL team -- and his first in a real pennant race . The Twins stayed within 1 games of the Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Twins manager Ron Gardenhire used his enhanced bullpen like a new toy , effectively playing the matchups by using Jesse Crain and Jose Mijares for two outs each and Matt Guerrier for four outs before turning to Capps for the ninth	True
On the next pitch , Thome hit a high fly that carried far enough to reach the left-field seats for his 577th homer , giving the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . That gave Thome 1,598 RBIs , pushing him past George Brett for sole possession of 32nd place . Third baseman Josh Wilson was the next culprit , bobbling a bouncer hit by Joe Mauer with two outs in the third	True
Third baseman Josh Wilson was the next culprit , bobbling a bouncer hit by Joe Mauer with two outs in the third that let J. J. Hardy score . Fister gave up five hits and one walk over five innings . The Twins were n't immune to sloppiness , when Denard Span was picked off first base and caught in a rundown with Hardy at third	False
The Twins were n't immune to sloppiness , when Denard Span was picked off first base and caught in a rundown with Hardy at third . Casilla followed with his first homer since Sept. 18 , 2008 , needing a replay review by the umpires to complete his jog around the bases that made it 5 - 0 . Baker was pulled with one out in the sixth	True
Peralta hit two homers in his first game since being traded and the struggling Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 5 on Friday night despite Ortiz 's ninth-inning homer against closer Jose Valverde . Peralta , obtained from the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday , hit a solo homer in his first at-bat in the second inning then connected again off Jon Lester , a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Going into the game , Peralta had just two singles in 15 at-bats against Lester with one RBI , five strikeouts and two double plays . On Friday he also walked against Lester and singled off Ramon Ramirez . Detroit took a 6 - 1 lead into the ninth	True
The Tigers , just 4 - 12 since the All-Star break , acquired Peralta for left-hander Giovanni Soto to play third base after Brandon Inge went on the disabled list with a broken left hand . Peralta has nine homers this season , none in his last eight games with Cleveland and two in his last 23 . Armando Galarraga lost a chance for the win when he was struck on the outside of the right ankle by a liner from Kevin Youkilis with two outs in the fifth	True
The Red Sox lost the opener of a seven - game homestand after sweeping a three - game series against the Los Angeles Angels to end their West Coast swing at 6 - 4 . Lester ( 11 - 6 ) fell behind quickly and lost his third straight start . Austin Jackson led off the game with a single and scored on a double By Will Rhymes that bounced off the glove of Cameron as he ran to deep left-center field . Peralta 's homer to left made it 2 - 0 in the second	True
His second shot over the left-field wall following a single by Miguel Cabrera put the Tigers ahead 4 - 0 . Marco Scutaro hit his seventh homer of the season for Boston to cut the lead to 4 - 1 with one out in the fifth	True
Marco Scutaro hit his seventh homer of the season for Boston to cut the lead to 4 - 1 with one out in the fifth . One out later , Youkilis ripped a pitch off Galarraga 's ankle and got a single as the ball bounced toward the left-field line . Galarraga went down on the mound and Leyland and a trainer went out to check on him . After staying on the ground for about five minutes , Galarraga got up and walked slowly to his dugout . Gonzalez then walked Ortiz and threw a wild pitch , putting runners on second	False
Marco Scutaro hit his seventh homer of the season for Boston to cut the lead to 4 - 1 with one out in the fifth . One out later , Youkilis ripped a pitch off Galarraga 's ankle and got a single as the ball bounced toward the left-field line . Galarraga went down on the mound and Leyland and a trainer went out to check on him . After staying on the ground for about five minutes , Galarraga got up and walked slowly to his dugout . Gonzalez then walked Ortiz and threw a wild pitch , putting runners on second and third	False
After staying on the ground for about five minutes , Galarraga got up and walked slowly to his dugout . Gonzalez then walked Ortiz and threw a wild pitch , putting runners on second and third , then retired Victor Martinez on a long drive to left-center . Detroit added two runs in the eighth	True
After staying on the ground for about five minutes , Galarraga got up and walked slowly to his dugout . Gonzalez then walked Ortiz and threw a wild pitch , putting runners on second and third , then retired Victor Martinez on a long drive to left-center . Detroit added two runs in the eighth . Tim Wakefield walked Jeff Frazier and allowed a single to Gerald Laird before both runners moved up on a sacrifice by Danny Worth . Frazier scored and Laird took third	False
The Marlins have hit 10 home runs in five games on their road trip through San Francisco and San Diego . Ross homered into the second deck in left-center with two outs in the fourth inning , his 10th	False
The Marlins have hit 10 home runs in five games on their road trip through San Francisco and San Diego . Ross homered into the second deck in left-center with two outs in the fourth inning , his 10th , to give the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead . Sanchez homered to left with one out in the sixth	True
The Marlins have hit 10 home runs in five games on their road trip through San Francisco and San Diego . Ross homered into the second deck in left-center with two outs in the fourth inning , his 10th , to give the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead . Sanchez homered to left with one out in the sixth , his 12th	False
`` I do n't want to put pressure on myself , '' he added . `` I want to do what I can do to help the team . This is just one game . They got me to be good for the rest of the season . '' The Marlins got their first two runs in the third	True
Chris Volstad ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings , walked three and struck out one . Leo Nunez pitched the ninth	True
LeBlanc had two singles but was erased both times when Jerry Hairston Jr. hit into double plays . Hairston singled leading off the Padres ' first	True
LeBlanc had two singles but was erased both times when Jerry Hairston Jr. hit into double plays . Hairston singled leading off the Padres ' first and with two outs , stole second	False
LeBlanc had two singles but was erased both times when Jerry Hairston Jr. hit into double plays . Hairston singled leading off the Padres ' first and with two outs , stole second with Tejada batting . Tejada walked and Chase Headley singled to bring in Hairston . Headley rounded first	False
Hairston singled leading off the Padres ' first and with two outs , stole second with Tejada batting . Tejada walked and Chase Headley singled to bring in Hairston . Headley rounded first too far and was caught in a rundown when the Marlins cut off the relay throw home . Tejada then broke for home , was caught in a rundown and tagged out . The Padres pulled to 4 - 2 in the sixth	True
Hairston singled leading off the Padres ' first and with two outs , stole second with Tejada batting . Tejada walked and Chase Headley singled to bring in Hairston . Headley rounded first too far and was caught in a rundown when the Marlins cut off the relay throw home . Tejada then broke for home , was caught in a rundown and tagged out . The Padres pulled to 4 - 2 in the sixth when Chris Denorfia hit a leadoff triple to right-center and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to left . Gonzalez was thrown out trying to take third	False
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- With one swing , Alex Gordon turned a miserable night at the plate into a glorious ending . Gordon stranded six runners in his first three at-bats , including striking out with the bases loaded in the third	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- With one swing , Alex Gordon turned a miserable night at the plate into a glorious ending . Gordon stranded six runners in his first three at-bats , including striking out with the bases loaded in the third and grounding into an inning-ending double play in the fifth	True
Gordon stranded six runners in his first three at-bats , including striking out with the bases loaded in the third and grounding into an inning-ending double play in the fifth with runners on the corners . Gordon , however , made amends by hitting a three - run homer with two outs in bottom of the ninth	True
Gordon , however , made amends by hitting a three - run homer with two outs in bottom of the ninth as the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night to snap a five - game losing streak . Orioles closer Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) retired the first two batters in the ninth	True
It was the Royals ' first walk-off home run since David DeJesus on July 12 , 2008 , against Seattle . Gordon said his previous walk-off home run was in 2006 with Double-A Wichita . Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) , who worked the ninth	True
Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) , who worked the ninth , picked up his first major league victory . Ty Wigginton went 3 - for - 4 with two RBI doubles for the Orioles , who scored two runs in the top of the eighth	True
Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) , who worked the ninth , picked up his first major league victory . Ty Wigginton went 3 - for - 4 with two RBI doubles for the Orioles , who scored two runs in the top of the eighth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Nick Markakis led off the Baltimore ninth	True
Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) , who worked the ninth , picked up his first major league victory . Ty Wigginton went 3 - for - 4 with two RBI doubles for the Orioles , who scored two runs in the top of the eighth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Nick Markakis led off the Baltimore ninth with a single and scored from first	False
Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) , who worked the ninth , picked up his first major league victory . Ty Wigginton went 3 - for - 4 with two RBI doubles for the Orioles , who scored two runs in the top of the eighth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Nick Markakis led off the Baltimore ninth with a single and scored from first on Wigginton 's double to right-center . Wigginton stopped at third	False
Ty Wigginton went 3 - for - 4 with two RBI doubles for the Orioles , who scored two runs in the top of the eighth to take a 5 - 4 lead . Nick Markakis led off the Baltimore ninth with a single and scored from first on Wigginton 's double to right-center . Wigginton stopped at third on Luke Scott 's single . Adam Jones hit a bouncer to Betemit at third	False
Adam Jones hit a bouncer to Betemit at third , who fumbled it , allowing Wigginton to score , giving the Orioles a 5 - 4 lead . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Betemit had a two - run single and Ankiel doubled home Jason Kendall . Jones walked to lead off the Orioles second	True
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Betemit had a two - run single and Ankiel doubled home Jason Kendall . Jones walked to lead off the Orioles second , stole second	False
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Betemit had a two - run single and Ankiel doubled home Jason Kendall . Jones walked to lead off the Orioles second , stole second and advanced to third	False
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Betemit had a two - run single and Ankiel doubled home Jason Kendall . Jones walked to lead off the Orioles second , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Kendall 's throwing error . He scored on Felix Pie 's sacrifice fly and Wigginton doubled home Markakis in the third	True
Jones walked to lead off the Orioles second , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Kendall 's throwing error . He scored on Felix Pie 's sacrifice fly and Wigginton doubled home Markakis in the third to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . The Orioles tied it in the sixth	False
Jones walked to lead off the Orioles second , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Kendall 's throwing error . He scored on Felix Pie 's sacrifice fly and Wigginton doubled home Markakis in the third to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . The Orioles tied it in the sixth , when Markakis led off with a walk , took third	False
San Francisco needed all it could get out of Torres after blowing leads of 7 - 1 and 9 - 2 . He had four hits , including a two - run home run into McCovey Cove in the sixth	True
San Francisco needed all it could get out of Torres after blowing leads of 7 - 1 and 9 - 2 . He had four hits , including a two - run home run into McCovey Cove in the sixth . He delivered the game-winner after the Giants hit three straight one - out singles off Florida reliever Clay Hensley ( 1 - 4 ) in the 10th	True
Juan Uribe matched his season high for the Giants with three hits and four RBIs while Buster Posey extended his hitting streak to 21 games , longest in the majors . Ronny Paulino , Donnie Murphy and Dan Uggla homered for the Marlins , who scored five times in the seventh	True
Juan Uribe matched his season high for the Giants with three hits and four RBIs while Buster Posey extended his hitting streak to 21 games , longest in the majors . Ronny Paulino , Donnie Murphy and Dan Uggla homered for the Marlins , who scored five times in the seventh and twice in the ninth	True
Posey 's streak is one shy of the Giants ' rookie record of 22 set by Hall of Famer Willie McCovey in 1959 . Uribe had a two - run single in the first	True
Posey 's streak is one shy of the Giants ' rookie record of 22 set by Hall of Famer Willie McCovey in 1959 . Uribe had a two - run single in the first then drove in two more with a triple in the third	True
Posey 's streak is one shy of the Giants ' rookie record of 22 set by Hall of Famer Willie McCovey in 1959 . Uribe had a two - run single in the first then drove in two more with a triple in the third . He also beat out an infield single in the fifth	True
Uribe had a two - run single in the first then drove in two more with a triple in the third . He also beat out an infield single in the fifth . Over his last 11 games , the veteran infielder is batting .356 ( 16 - for - 45 ) . Chris Ray ( 4 - 0 ) pitched the 10th	True
Jonathan Sanchez earned a fourth straight no-decision despite leaving with a 9 - 5 lead . The left-hander , who has n't won since July 5 , allowed five runs and seven hits . Sanchez gave up an RBI double to rookie Logan Morrison in the third -- Morrison 's second hit in the big leagues since being called up Tuesday -- and a solo home run to Paulino in the fourth	True
Jonathan Sanchez earned a fourth straight no-decision despite leaving with a 9 - 5 lead . The left-hander , who has n't won since July 5 , allowed five runs and seven hits . Sanchez gave up an RBI double to rookie Logan Morrison in the third -- Morrison 's second hit in the big leagues since being called up Tuesday -- and a solo home run to Paulino in the fourth . Murphy hit a pinch-hit three - run homer off Sanchez in the sixth	True
Sanchez gave up an RBI double to rookie Logan Morrison in the third -- Morrison 's second hit in the big leagues since being called up Tuesday -- and a solo home run to Paulino in the fourth . Murphy hit a pinch-hit three - run homer off Sanchez in the sixth to cut San Francisco 's lead to 9 - 5 . Uggla hit a two - run shot off reliever Denny Bautista in the seventh	False
Sanchez gave up an RBI double to rookie Logan Morrison in the third -- Morrison 's second hit in the big leagues since being called up Tuesday -- and a solo home run to Paulino in the fourth . Murphy hit a pinch-hit three - run homer off Sanchez in the sixth to cut San Francisco 's lead to 9 - 5 . Uggla hit a two - run shot off reliever Denny Bautista in the seventh to make it 9 - 7 . Uggla 's homer , his sixth	False
Uggla hit a two - run shot off reliever Denny Bautista in the seventh to make it 9 - 7 . Uggla 's homer , his sixth in six games , tied the franchise career record of 143 set by Mike Lowell . It came after a wild pitch with two outs and two strikes allowed Gaby Sanchez to reach base . After Uggla 's homer , the Marlins scored twice off Wilson in the ninth	True
The two - time NL champion Phillies moved within 3 1/2 games of East-leading Atlanta , cutting the deficit in half over the last five days . They 've won nine in a row at home , their longest since winning 16 straight at Veterans Stadium in 1991 . It may have been a costly win for Philadelphia because center fielder Shane Victorino left in the seventh	True
Mark Reynolds hit his 24th homer for the Diamondbacks , who have the third-worst record in the majors . After the Diamondbacks scored two runs off Herndon in the sixth	True
The 2006 NL MVP has been Philadelphia 's most consistent hitter in a lineup that 's been riddled by injuries and inconsistency . The All-Star first baseman is batting .302 with 23 homers and a NL-leading 81 RBIs . Ransom hit a two - run shot off Chad Qualls to make it 9 - 5 in the seventh	True
The 2006 NL MVP has been Philadelphia 's most consistent hitter in a lineup that 's been riddled by injuries and inconsistency . The All-Star first baseman is batting .302 with 23 homers and a NL-leading 81 RBIs . Ransom hit a two - run shot off Chad Qualls to make it 9 - 5 in the seventh . Werth crushed a 1 - 2 pitch from starter Rodrigo Lopez into the bushes behind the center-field wall for a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
Lopez gave up four runs and seven hits against his former team . He was 3 - 1 in seven games with the Phillies last year . The Diamondbacks went up 5 - 4 on a quirky play in the sixth	True
Lopez gave up four runs and seven hits against his former team . He was 3 - 1 in seven games with the Phillies last year . The Diamondbacks went up 5 - 4 on a quirky play in the sixth . Chris Young led off with a double and Kelly Johnson walked . Gerardo Parra reached on Howard 's throwing error and scored on Adam LaRoche 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 4 . Miguel Montero followed with a grounder to second baseman Placido Polanco . Parra ducked from Polanco 's tag and beat the return throw from Howard to second	False
The Diamondbacks went up 5 - 4 on a quirky play in the sixth . Chris Young led off with a double and Kelly Johnson walked . Gerardo Parra reached on Howard 's throwing error and scored on Adam LaRoche 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 4 . Miguel Montero followed with a grounder to second baseman Placido Polanco . Parra ducked from Polanco 's tag and beat the return throw from Howard to second , allowing the go-ahead run to score . Reynolds hit a solo shot to tie it at 2 in the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks went up 5 - 4 on a quirky play in the sixth . Chris Young led off with a double and Kelly Johnson walked . Gerardo Parra reached on Howard 's throwing error and scored on Adam LaRoche 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 4 . Miguel Montero followed with a grounder to second baseman Placido Polanco . Parra ducked from Polanco 's tag and beat the return throw from Howard to second , allowing the go-ahead run to score . Reynolds hit a solo shot to tie it at 2 in the fourth . He walked with the bases loaded to force in Arizona 's first run in the first	True
Lee had the most strikeouts for the Rangers since Aaron Sele 's 13 on Aug. 12 , 1999 , against Detroit . Lee did n't walk a batter and has issued only seven walks in 17 starts this season . Oakland advanced a runner to third	False
Lee had the most strikeouts for the Rangers since Aaron Sele 's 13 on Aug. 12 , 1999 , against Detroit . Lee did n't walk a batter and has issued only seven walks in 17 starts this season . Oakland advanced a runner to third with two outs in the 10th	True
Oakland advanced a runner to third with two outs in the 10th , but Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) struck out pinch-hitter Cliff Pennington . The A 's only run against Lee was unearned in the sixth	True
A 's starter Gio Gonzalez allowed eight baserunners in the first four innings , then retired the final six he faced before leaving after six innings and 111 pitches . Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits , struck out six and walked three . In Texas ' half of the first	True
Guerrero had been in a 4 - for - 31 slump over his previous eight games and had gone without an RBI for a season-long nine straight games . The A 's tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
Guerrero had been in a 4 - for - 31 slump over his previous eight games and had gone without an RBI for a season-long nine straight games . The A 's tied it at 1 in the sixth with the help of Kinsler 's error . Coco Crisp singled , and took off for second	False
Guerrero had been in a 4 - for - 31 slump over his previous eight games and had gone without an RBI for a season-long nine straight games . The A 's tied it at 1 in the sixth with the help of Kinsler 's error . Coco Crisp singled , and took off for second on a steal attempt . Kinsler failed to cover catcher Bengie Molina 's throw , and Crisp moved to third	False
Haren struck out eight in his Angels debut before getting tagged by Kevin Youkilis ' fifth-inning line drive while trying to catch it . Los Angeles traded four players to Arizona to land the three - time All-Star , whose forearm will be re-evaluated Tuesday . Ortiz hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two - run drive in the eighth	True
Haren struck out eight in his Angels debut before getting tagged by Kevin Youkilis ' fifth-inning line drive while trying to catch it . Los Angeles traded four players to Arizona to land the three - time All-Star , whose forearm will be re-evaluated Tuesday . Ortiz hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two - run drive in the eighth during the 37th multihomer game of his career . Hideki Matsui hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Haren struck out eight in his Angels debut before getting tagged by Kevin Youkilis ' fifth-inning line drive while trying to catch it . Los Angeles traded four players to Arizona to land the three - time All-Star , whose forearm will be re-evaluated Tuesday . Ortiz hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two - run drive in the eighth during the 37th multihomer game of his career . Hideki Matsui hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Angels , but J. D. Drew hit a two - run double in the ninth	False
Buchholz ( 11 - 5 ) was impressive in his second start back from a stint on the disabled list with a strained hamstring , striking out seven and giving up just five hits . The All-Star selection pitched out of a bases-loaded , no-outs jam in the second inning , retired 11 straight in the middle innings and threw 114 pitches to win for the eighth time in 10 decisions . After Ortiz boosted Boston 's lead in the eighth	True
Buchholz ( 11 - 5 ) was impressive in his second start back from a stint on the disabled list with a strained hamstring , striking out seven and giving up just five hits . The All-Star selection pitched out of a bases-loaded , no-outs jam in the second inning , retired 11 straight in the middle innings and threw 114 pitches to win for the eighth time in 10 decisions . After Ortiz boosted Boston 's lead in the eighth against reliever Fernando Rodney , Matsui trimmed it back to one run with a two - out homer , the fourth	False
After Ortiz boosted Boston 's lead in the eighth against reliever Fernando Rodney , Matsui trimmed it back to one run with a two - out homer , the fourth in six games for the once-struggling slugger . With setup man Daniel Bard resting , Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon came on for the final out of the eighth	True
Drew then appeared to score from third base on an errant pitch by Rich Thompson , but umpire Wally Bell ruled Thompson had tagged him out at the plate . Boston manager Terry Francona vehemently argued the call . Papelbon finished up the ninth	True
Texas starter Scott Feldman ( 5 - 9 ) entered the night with a 5.48 ERA , highest among the team 's active starters , but he shut down the Angels on two hits over the first 4 2/3 innings . The Angels had 10 fly outs in the first four innings before Feldman faltered in the fifth	True
Mathis opened the scoring with a solo homer that skipped off the top of the wall in right field , and Aybar added an RBI triple later in the inning for a 2 - 0 edge . Feldman was replaced by Alexi Ogando with one out in the sixth	True
Feldman , a 17-game winner last season who has n't won since June 18 , allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings with one walk and no strikeouts . In the seventh	True
Andres Torres hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the ninth inning , rallying San Francisco to a 7 - 5 victory over slumping Los Angeles on Tuesday night in a heated game that kept the Dodgers winless since the All-Star break with a season high-tying sixth straight loss . All-Star closer Jonathan Broxton intentionally walked pinch-hitter Aubrey Huff to load the bases in the ninth	True
Buster Posey completed the scoring with an RBI single off Travis Schlichting . Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his third save . Broxton ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss a week after earning the save in the All-Star Game with a scoreless ninth	True
Broxton ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss a week after earning the save in the All-Star Game with a scoreless ninth in Anaheim . Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw got ejected in the seventh	True
Broxton ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss a week after earning the save in the All-Star Game with a scoreless ninth in Anaheim . Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw got ejected in the seventh after he hit Rowand , the second time this season the Giants center fielder has been plunked by a Dodger . Kershaw hit Torres in the first	True
Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw got ejected in the seventh after he hit Rowand , the second time this season the Giants center fielder has been plunked by a Dodger . Kershaw hit Torres in the first . Lincecum brushed back Matt Kemp in the fifth	False
Lincecum brushed back Matt Kemp in the fifth , then hit him with his next pitch . Johnson warned both benches about further retaliation . Schaefer got into a long-distance argument with first base umpire Tim McClelland from the third base dugout . Schaefer was tossed in the sixth	True
Johnson warned both benches about further retaliation . Schaefer got into a long-distance argument with first base umpire Tim McClelland from the third base dugout . Schaefer was tossed in the sixth . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Two-time defending NL Cy Young Award winner Lincecum allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out a season-low two and walked three . The right-hander struggled from the start , getting tagged for three runs in the first	True
Two-time defending NL Cy Young Award winner Lincecum allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , struck out a season-low two and walked three . The right-hander struggled from the start , getting tagged for three runs in the first . He apparently lost his grip on a pitch to Blake in the second	True
The right-hander struggled from the start , getting tagged for three runs in the first . He apparently lost his grip on a pitch to Blake in the second . The ball spun crazily high in the air while a bewildered Lincecum looked around for it . After he hit Kemp , Johnson walked Kemp halfway to first	False
Torre said he believed the brushbacks of Kemp and Martin were payback for the April incident . The Giants cut their deficit to 5 - 4 with three runs in the sixth	True
By the third inning , it became evident the Rays clearly were in the proper frame of mind . Rookie Wade Davis allowed one run over eight innings in another sparkling performance against the Orioles , Evan Longoria had two hits during a seven - run third	True
Tampa Bay got a second-inning run when John Jaso drew a leadoff walk and scored on a two - out double by Ben Zobrist , who had one RBI over his previous 12 games . The Rays sent 11 batters to the plate in the third	True
Carl Crawford then chased Tillman with a run-scoring triple , and Longoria greeted Matt Albers with an RBI single . Baltimore used a walk and singles by Craig Tatum and Izturis to get a run in the fifth	True
But the Dodgers never got their offense untracked against Madison Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) . The left-hander allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked two . All-Star Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
The Dodgers recalled James McDonald ( 0 - 1 ) from Triple-A Albuquerque before the game to make his first appearance this season . The right-hander gave up four runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out five and walked two . McDonald escaped a no outs , bases-loaded jam in the second	True
McDonald escaped a no outs , bases-loaded jam in the second by retiring the bottom of the Giants ' lineup in order . But San Francisco came right back in the third	True
Rookie Buster Posey extended his career-high hitting streak to 13 games with a RBI single that scored Andres Torres , who doubled to lead off . Pablo Sandoval followed with a RBI double that brought Posey home in time to beat the tag of Russell Martin . The Giants took a 4 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Rookie Buster Posey extended his career-high hitting streak to 13 games with a RBI single that scored Andres Torres , who doubled to lead off . Pablo Sandoval followed with a RBI double that brought Posey home in time to beat the tag of Russell Martin . The Giants took a 4 - 0 lead in the fourth on Schierholtz 's third homer of the season that landed over the wall in right field . Their fifth run scored on Freddy Sanchez 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
The Giants took a 4 - 0 lead in the fourth on Schierholtz 's third homer of the season that landed over the wall in right field . Their fifth run scored on Freddy Sanchez 's sacrifice fly in the eighth , even though it appeared that Torres passed Edgar Renteria on the basepaths . The Dodgers trailed 4 - 2 in the sixth	False
The Dodgers trailed 4 - 2 in the sixth . All-Star Rafael Furcal , who came in hitting .545 against the Giants and had three hits in five at-bats , led off with his seventh homer into the Dodgers ' bullpen in left field . Jamey Carroll scored the second run of the inning on a fielder 's choice grounder by Matt Kemp , crossing the plate just before third baseman Sandoval tagged out James Loney . Los Angeles loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh	True
The Dodgers trailed 4 - 2 in the sixth . All-Star Rafael Furcal , who came in hitting .545 against the Giants and had three hits in five at-bats , led off with his seventh homer into the Dodgers ' bullpen in left field . Jamey Carroll scored the second run of the inning on a fielder 's choice grounder by Matt Kemp , crossing the plate just before third baseman Sandoval tagged out James Loney . Los Angeles loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , but Andre Ethier grounded out to first	False
In Tuesday 's All-Star Game , McCann 's bases-loaded double drove in three runs . He was named the MVP of the National League 's 3 - 1 win . McCann 's sixth career grand slam gave Atlanta a 7 - 1 lead over the Brewers in the third	True
By splitting the four games with Milwaukee , the Braves have lost only one of their last 20 series ( 15 - 1 - 1 ) since May 10 . They are 41 - 20 in that span . Home-plate umpire Scott Barry issued warnings to both benches when Parra hit Jason Heyward with a pitch in the sixth	True
Weeks ' first homer was a blast over the center-field wall to lead off the game . Weeks set a career high and franchise record for a second baseman with 17 homers . After Weeks ' second homer in the sixth	True
Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) became the first Braves pitcher with 10 wins . He gave up three runs on eight hits and a walk in 5 1/3 innings . Diaz drove in Glaus with a double in the second	True
Lowe ( 10 - 8 ) became the first Braves pitcher with 10 wins . He gave up three runs on eight hits and a walk in 5 1/3 innings . Diaz drove in Glaus with a double in the second . Atlanta 's first five batters reached base in the third	True
Diaz drove in Glaus with a double in the second . Atlanta 's first five batters reached base in the third . Infante , who had four hits , had a run-scoring single before McCann 's fifth career grand slam . Diaz hit a homer in the fifth	True
Diaz drove in Glaus with a double in the second . Atlanta 's first five batters reached base in the third . Infante , who had four hits , had a run-scoring single before McCann 's fifth career grand slam . Diaz hit a homer in the fifth and a run-scoring single in the sixth	False
Manager Joe Girardi cried during a 15-minute pregame remembrance . Captain Derek Jeter worked hard to keep his composure while speaking to the crowd . Closer Mariano Rivera placed two long-stemmed roses across home plate in memory of the team 's demanding owner and beloved public address announcer Bob Sheppard . Swisher hit a tying home run in the eighth	True
Between innings , the video board showed clips of Steinbrenner , including his skits on `` Saturday Night Live '' and commercials with Billy Martin . Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) picked off B. J. Upton at first base in the ninth	True
CC Sabathia and James Shields began the day going in different directions , and both wound up with no-decisions . Sabathia had won eight straight outings , Shields had lost eight of nine starts . Robinson Cano and Jorge Posada hit consecutive home runs off Shields in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano and Jorge Posada hit consecutive home runs off Shields in the sixth to tie it at 3 . Tampa Bay took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh	False
Tampa Bay took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh against Sabathia on an RBI groundout by Ben Zobrist . Swisher homered off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth	False
Tampa Bay took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh against Sabathia on an RBI groundout by Ben Zobrist . Swisher homered off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth . Swisher also had an RBI single in the third	True
He probably had n't . But it was a zany 1 for 5 for the seven - year veteran . In Oakland 's three - run third inning , Crisp hit a comebacker to Greinke that could have been a double play . But shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second	False
He probably had n't . But it was a zany 1 for 5 for the seven - year veteran . In Oakland 's three - run third inning , Crisp hit a comebacker to Greinke that could have been a double play . But shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second , and everybody was safe . Then in the ninth	True
He probably had n't . But it was a zany 1 for 5 for the seven - year veteran . In Oakland 's three - run third inning , Crisp hit a comebacker to Greinke that could have been a double play . But shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second , and everybody was safe . Then in the ninth , Crisp grounded to second baseman Mike Aviles , who made the toss to second	False
In Oakland 's three - run third inning , Crisp hit a comebacker to Greinke that could have been a double play . But shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second , and everybody was safe . Then in the ninth , Crisp grounded to second baseman Mike Aviles , who made the toss to second to start what might have been another double play . But umpires called a balk on Joakim Soria , making the runner safe at second	False
Manager Bob Geren came out to argue , the umpires huddled , and the call was reversed . Crisp first went to first base and stood there , then hustled to second	False
Greinke also thought Crisp 's ball was fair . With the help of Betancourt 's fielding error , the A 's scored three unearned runs in the third	True
With the help of Betancourt 's fielding error , the A 's scored three unearned runs in the third to take a 5 - 1 lead . After Cliff Pennington walked and was safe when Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second	False
With the help of Betancourt 's fielding error , the A 's scored three unearned runs in the third to take a 5 - 1 lead . After Cliff Pennington walked and was safe when Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second on Crisp 's grounder , Greinke loaded the bases when he bounced a pitch in the dirt for ball four to Kurt Suzuki . With two outs , Kouzmanoff rifled a two - run single up the middle and Mark Ellis followed with an RBI single . Kouzmanoff was cut down at third	False
After Cliff Pennington walked and was safe when Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second on Crisp 's grounder , Greinke loaded the bases when he bounced a pitch in the dirt for ball four to Kurt Suzuki . With two outs , Kouzmanoff rifled a two - run single up the middle and Mark Ellis followed with an RBI single . Kouzmanoff was cut down at third , ending the inning . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth	True
After Cliff Pennington walked and was safe when Betancourt dropped Greinke 's throw to second on Crisp 's grounder , Greinke loaded the bases when he bounced a pitch in the dirt for ball four to Kurt Suzuki . With two outs , Kouzmanoff rifled a two - run single up the middle and Mark Ellis followed with an RBI single . Kouzmanoff was cut down at third , ending the inning . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth with two singles and a walk . But Gonzalez got Aviles to fly out to shallow center , fanned Willie Bloomquist and coaxed a grounder to third	False
Danks ( 9 - 7 ) gave up six runs on six hits in the second inning , but only allowed three hits in his other five scoreless innings and the White Sox did all the little things right to push the slumping Twins 4 games behind them in the AL Central . Bobby Jenks picked up his 20th save in 21 chances . He struck out Orlando Hudson with the bases loaded in the eighth inning , then gave up an RBI single to Delmon Young in the ninth	True
The Twins responded in the bottom of the second inning , scoring six runs on six hits , including Joe Mauer 's bases loaded double down the third baseline that gave them a 6 - 4 lead . But Danks settled down after that facing just one more batter than the minimum while the White Sox climbed back into the game . Beckham had an RBI-single in the fourth	True
In a role reversal , it was the Twins this time who committed the blunders to let the game slip away to the smarter , sharper White Sox . Denard Span popped up a bunt attempt to Danks in the fourth	True
In a role reversal , it was the Twins this time who committed the blunders to let the game slip away to the smarter , sharper White Sox . Denard Span popped up a bunt attempt to Danks in the fourth and Burnett balked home the tying run in the fifth	True
The Angels methodically pounded Seattle starter Doug Fister ( 3 - 5 ) , who gave up 12 hits and six runs . Taking the rotation spot that would have been occupied by traded star Cliff Lee , he pitched into the sixth inning of his fourth consecutive loss , his ERA rising from 3.09 to 3.50 . Pineiro got into trouble only in the fifth	True
Pineiro got into trouble only in the fifth , giving up four straight hits capped by Suzuki 's double in the gap . Pineiro has started each of the Angels ' last three victories while becoming their first 10-game winner this season , beating All-Star ace Jered Weaver . After Aybar led off the first	True
Pineiro got into trouble only in the fifth , giving up four straight hits capped by Suzuki 's double in the gap . Pineiro has started each of the Angels ' last three victories while becoming their first 10-game winner this season , beating All-Star ace Jered Weaver . After Aybar led off the first with a single and scored on Abreu 's double , the Angels went up 4 - 0 in the second	True
Pineiro got into trouble only in the fifth , giving up four straight hits capped by Suzuki 's double in the gap . Pineiro has started each of the Angels ' last three victories while becoming their first 10-game winner this season , beating All-Star ace Jered Weaver . After Aybar led off the first with a single and scored on Abreu 's double , the Angels went up 4 - 0 in the second with five consecutive one - out hits . Aybar 's drive to right scored two runs , but Suzuki threw him out when he attempted to score from first	False
After Aybar led off the first with a single and scored on Abreu 's double , the Angels went up 4 - 0 in the second with five consecutive one - out hits . Aybar 's drive to right scored two runs , but Suzuki threw him out when he attempted to score from first on Kendrick 's double . Suzuki , who has a 14-game hitting streak , also attempted to score from third	False
After Aybar led off the first with a single and scored on Abreu 's double , the Angels went up 4 - 0 in the second with five consecutive one - out hits . Aybar 's drive to right scored two runs , but Suzuki threw him out when he attempted to score from first on Kendrick 's double . Suzuki , who has a 14-game hitting streak , also attempted to score from third on Franklin Gutierrez 's sharp grounder in the fifth	True
Bengie Molina homered as Texas batted around in first inning against Tim Wakefield . Nelson Cruz and Vladimir Guerrero had three hits apiece for the Rangers , who lost their last four games heading into the break -- against the lowly Baltimore Orioles -- to open July with a 3 - 8 record . Tommy Hunter ( 6 - 0 ) held Boston to five hits before leaving with a 7 - 2 lead with two outs in the seventh	True
The Red Sox had only five regular starters in the lineup because of injuries to Dustin Pedroia , Adrian Beltre , Victor Martinez and Jacoby Ellsbury . Felix Doubront has been called up from the minors to pitch on Friday because of injuries to Clay Buchholz and Josh Beckett . The Rangers entered the game with a 4-game lead in the AL West despite being swept by Baltimore in the last four games before the All-Star break . That included Hunter 's worst start of the season , in which he took a 4 - 1 lead into the seventh	True
After a 1 - 2 - 2 second inning , the Rangers put three straight batters on -- one on Hall 's error at third base -- to make it 7 - 0 and chase Wakefield . Robert Manuel inherited runners at second	False
After a 1 - 2 - 2 second inning , the Rangers put three straight batters on -- one on Hall 's error at third base -- to make it 7 - 0 and chase Wakefield . Robert Manuel inherited runners at second and third	False
Mark Reynolds hit his 20th homer , Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 7 ) ended a five - game losing streak and Drew scored two runs after early walks by Nate Robertson ( 6 - 7 ) as Arizona earned its second win in eight games . Prized rookie Mike Stanton did his best to keep Florida in the game , hitting a solo drive over the pool in right-center in the fifth	True
Mark Reynolds hit his 20th homer , Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 7 ) ended a five - game losing streak and Drew scored two runs after early walks by Nate Robertson ( 6 - 7 ) as Arizona earned its second win in eight games . Prized rookie Mike Stanton did his best to keep Florida in the game , hitting a solo drive over the pool in right-center in the fifth . He also doubled in the ninth	True
Arizona had a rare 5 - 6 - 6 putout in the fourth inning , when Cody Ross ' liner bounded out of Reynolds ' glove right to Drew at shortstop . Florida first baseman Gaby Sanchez and second baseman Dan Uggla botched a popup in the fifth inning when they collided , but still got the forceout at second	False
The drama was n't quite over . Qualls came in for the ninth	True
Braun 's two - out single scored Rickie Weeks from second base in the 10th inning and the Milwaukee Brewers ended a five - game losing streak with a 5 - 4 victory Friday night . After Braun drove the winning hit off the base of the right-field wall , jubilant teammate Prince Fielder picked up his fellow slugger in a bear hug at second	False
After Braun drove the winning hit off the base of the right-field wall , jubilant teammate Prince Fielder picked up his fellow slugger in a bear hug at second . Milwaukee tied it at 4 in the ninth	True
Milwaukee tied it at 4 in the ninth on George Kottaras ' RBI triple off Octavio Dotel , who blew his fourth save in 23 chances . The Pirates have lost four consecutive games and 22 of their last 24 on the road . Pinch-hitter Jim Edmonds singled leading off the 10th	True
Pinch-hitter Jim Edmonds singled leading off the 10th against Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) , the Pirates ' NL All-Star representative . Dave Bush , slated to be the Brewers ' starter Saturday night , pinch-ran and was erased on Weeks ' fielder 's choice groundout . Weeks then stole second	False
Weeks scored without a play . Milwaukee closer John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Milwaukee closer John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . With one out in the ninth	True
Milwaukee closer John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . With one out in the ninth , speedy Carlos Gomez beat out a bunt single . He stole second	False
Milwaukee closer John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . With one out in the ninth , speedy Carlos Gomez beat out a bunt single . He stole second and continued to third	False
Escobar struck out , sending the game into extra innings . In the top of the 10th	True
Escobar struck out , sending the game into extra innings . In the top of the 10th , Jones singled , moved to second	False
Escobar struck out , sending the game into extra innings . In the top of the 10th , Jones singled , moved to second on a groundout and third	False
The Cubs right-hander , who failed to make the All-Star team , began the season 8 - 0 but lost his next two and had no decision in his last two outings . Carlos Marmol struck out five in 1 2/3 innings for his 16th save in 19 opportunities . Kelly Johnson drove in two runs with a home run and single for the Diamondbacks , who lost their fourth	False
Kelly Johnson drove in two runs with a home run and single for the Diamondbacks , who lost their fourth in a row to fall to 1 - 4 since A. J. Hinch was fired and replaced on an interim basis by Kirk Gibson . Justin Upton also had two hits for Arizona . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off starter Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth	True
Kelly Johnson drove in two runs with a home run and single for the Diamondbacks , who lost their fourth in a row to fall to 1 - 4 since A. J. Hinch was fired and replaced on an interim basis by Kirk Gibson . Justin Upton also had two hits for Arizona . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off starter Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth to put Chicago up 3 - 1 and another two - run shot off reliever Aaron Heilman to make it 6 - 2 in the eighth	True
Ramirez hit a two - run homer off starter Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth to put Chicago up 3 - 1 and another two - run shot off reliever Aaron Heilman to make it 6 - 2 in the eighth . The Diamondbacks got two runs , one unearned , in the eighth	False
Silva had not won since a 6 - 1 victory at Pittsburgh on June 7 , even though he had allowed two runs in three of his last four starts and only three in the other . Enright , in his second big-league start , blanked the Cubs through five innings but gave up a solo homer to Fukudome and a two - run shot to Ramirez as Chicago went up 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Enright , in his second big-league start , blanked the Cubs through five innings but gave up a solo homer to Fukudome and a two - run shot to Ramirez as Chicago went up 3 - 1 in the sixth . Fukudome , who struck out three times , knocked a 2 - 1 pitch over the porch in center field to tie it 1 - 1 leading off the sixth	True
Fukudome , who struck out three times , knocked a 2 - 1 pitch over the porch in center field to tie it 1 - 1 leading off the sixth . Four batters later , Ramirez hit his first two - run shot and it was 3 - 1 . It could have been more . After Fukudome 's homer , Ryan Theriot lined one past Chris Young in right-center and tried for a triple . But left fielder Gerardo Parra threw to shortstop Stephen Drew . Drew 's perfect throw got to third	False
Fukudome , who struck out three times , knocked a 2 - 1 pitch over the porch in center field to tie it 1 - 1 leading off the sixth . Four batters later , Ramirez hit his first two - run shot and it was 3 - 1 . It could have been more . After Fukudome 's homer , Ryan Theriot lined one past Chris Young in right-center and tried for a triple . But left fielder Gerardo Parra threw to shortstop Stephen Drew . Drew 's perfect throw got to third just ahead of Theriot , who went head first	False
Hernandez was pitching his second inning after Baltimore closer Alfredo Simon had blown what would have been the first multi-inning save of his career . The Orioles bullpen was depleted after Kevin Millwood had lasted just one inning in Monday night 's game . The Tigers trailed 4 - 1 going into the eighth	True
The Tigers trailed 4 - 1 going into the eighth , but Cabrera led off with a triple and scored on Brennan Boesch 's single . Brandon Inge 's one - out triple scored Boesch to make it 4 - 3 before Simon struck out Alex Avila . Ramon Santiago walked , but Jackson , pinch-hitting , bounced out to end the inning . Julio Lugo made it 5 - 3 with an RBI single in the ninth	True
Ramon Santiago walked , but Jackson , pinch-hitting , bounced out to end the inning . Julio Lugo made it 5 - 3 with an RBI single in the ninth . Damon walked to lead off the ninth	True
Ryan Perry ( 2 - 4 ) got the win with a scoreless inning of relief . The Orioles stranded 10 runners in the first six innings but finally broke through against Armando Galarraga on Markakis ' two - run homer in the seventh	True
Baltimore got a break in the bottom of the inning . After Santiago walked , Don Kelly hit a hard grounder off first baseman Ty Wigginton 's glove , but the ball bounced right to Lugo , who threw back to Wigginton for the rare 3 - 4 - 4 putout . Markakis added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Markakis added an RBI single in the eighth before Detroit 's rally in the bottom of the inning . Detroit had taken a 1 - 0 lead on Avila 's RBI single in the second	True
Markakis added an RBI single in the eighth before Detroit 's rally in the bottom of the inning . Detroit had taken a 1 - 0 lead on Avila 's RBI single in the second and kept the lead in the third	False
The NL Central-leading Reds lost for the second time in seven games . It was still 96 degrees when Brandon Phillips led off the game with a double . Putting aside worries that he was tipping his pitches , Santana did n't allow another hit until Orlando Cabrera singled in the sixth	True
It was still 96 degrees when Brandon Phillips led off the game with a double . Putting aside worries that he was tipping his pitches , Santana did n't allow another hit until Orlando Cabrera singled in the sixth . The Reds threatened in the ninth	True
Maloney retired the first seven batters . After rookie Ruben Tejada singled but was caught stealing , Santana stepped up . He took a ball from the Reds lefty , then fouled off the next seven pitches . After a ball and two more fouls , Santana took another meaty cut and pulled a drive that hit halfway up the foul screen . Jose Reyes returned to the Mets lineup after missing a week because of tightness in his lower back . A week before he goes to the All-Star game , the speedy Reyes beat out an infield single , and later had a bunt hit that helped set up Bay 's two - run single in the sixth	True
Uggla was left off the All-Star roster as Phillies manager Charlie Manuel instead selected Braves utility infielder Omar Infante , while Atlanta second baseman Martin Prado was the top pick on players ' ballots . Uggla , picked to the 2006 and 2008 All-Star teams , offered a reminder of his credentials when he hit his 16th homer in the fourth	True
Nolasco ( 8 - 6 ) struck out a season high 11 while allowing six hits and two runs . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Florida 's All-Star selections were starting pitcher Josh Johnson and Hanley Ramirez , who will be the first NL shortstop to make three straight starts since Ozzie Smith ( 1983 - 92 ) started 10 straight . Chris Coghlan and Ramirez singled and scored on Uggla 's single with two outs in the first	True
Chris Coghlan and Ramirez singled and scored on Uggla 's single with two outs in the first . Uggla 's hit bounced off Hudson 's knee into right field . Hudson was n't hurt . The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the first	True
The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the first , but Nolasco gave up only one run on Eric Hinske 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the eighth	True
The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the eighth . Hudson struck out Ramirez and ended the inning on Jorge Cantu 's grounder to the mound . Emilio Bonifacio made a running catch near the warning track in center field to take a hit away from All-Star Martin Prado in the seventh	True
Emilio Bonifacio made a running catch near the warning track in center field to take a hit away from All-Star Martin Prado in the seventh . Brooks Conrad , playing third base as Chipper Jones was given a rest , made diving stops before throwing out Cody Ross in the first	True
Emilio Bonifacio made a running catch near the warning track in center field to take a hit away from All-Star Martin Prado in the seventh . Brooks Conrad , playing third base as Chipper Jones was given a rest , made diving stops before throwing out Cody Ross in the first and Brett Hayes in the fifth	False
Brooks Conrad , playing third base as Chipper Jones was given a rest , made diving stops before throwing out Cody Ross in the first and Brett Hayes in the fifth . Jones remained in the game after he walked as a pinch-hitter in the eighth	True
Sweeney and A 's manager Bob Geren credited Oakland first-base coach Todd Steverson for positioning Sweeney in shallow right field . The 38-year-old Redmond said opposing teams have been playing him that way most of his career and he was almost thrown out at first	False
The 38-year-old Redmond said opposing teams have been playing him that way most of his career and he was almost thrown out at first while playing for the Minnesota Twins in a game at Oakland a few years ago . The Indians may have received more bad news when right fielder Shin-Soo Choo left the game after injuring his right hand while attempting to make a diving catch of Jack Cust 's double in the eighth	True
The Indians may have received more bad news when right fielder Shin-Soo Choo left the game after injuring his right hand while attempting to make a diving catch of Jack Cust 's double in the eighth . Acta said more information on the extent of the injury would be known Saturday . Sweeney 's play and the strong pitching by Gio Gonzalez helps Oakland win for the sixth time in seven games . Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) pitched five - hit ball for 6 2/3 innings and Mark Ellis drove in two runs with a bases-loaded double in the sixth	True
Gonzalez won for the first time since June 6 . He walked four and struck out five . The left-hander has beaten Cleveland twice this season , holding the Indians scoreless for 13 2/3 innings . He 's 3 - 0 in four starts against Cleveland since 2009 . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
Mitch Talbot ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . The A 's scored in the first	True
Mitch Talbot ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . The A 's scored in the first when Cust walked with the bases loaded and took a 1 - 0 lead into the sixth	True
Torres led off the eighth inning with a go-ahead home run , helping the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night to close within four games of the NL West-leading San Diego Padres . Buster Posey added a two - run double in the eighth	True
Melvin Mora hit a tying homer and Clint Barmes drove in a run for the Rockies , who had their three - game winning streak snapped . Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) blew a late lead for the second straight game but earned his second consecutive win after pitching the eighth	True
Melvin Mora hit a tying homer and Clint Barmes drove in a run for the Rockies , who had their three - game winning streak snapped . Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) blew a late lead for the second straight game but earned his second consecutive win after pitching the eighth . Brian Wilson worked the ninth	True
Rockies starter Esmil Rogers went six - plus innings , allowing two runs and four hits . He walked two and struck out three . Sanchez doubled with one out in the first	True
Rockies starter Esmil Rogers went six - plus innings , allowing two runs and four hits . He walked two and struck out three . Sanchez doubled with one out in the first , went to third	False
Sanchez doubled with one out in the first , went to third on a groundout by Aubrey Huff and scored on a balk by Rogers , who fumbled the ball during his delivery after getting his spike caught in his shoelace . The Rockies loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
The Rockies loaded the bases with one out in the second , with Mora and Ryan Spilborghs each drawing a walk ahead of Miguel Olivo 's single . Barmes hit a sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . With two outs in the fifth	True
With two outs in the fifth , Juan Uribe singled and scored on Bumgarner 's double to give the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . Mora 's two - out homer in the eighth tied it for the Rockies , who rallied from a 1 - 0 deficit in the ninth	False
Batting left-handed , the switch-hitter pulled a 2 - 1 fastball from righty Jesse Chavez ( 2 - 2 ) . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) , the fifth pitcher used by Acta , worked a scoreless 10th	True
Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) , the fifth pitcher used by Acta , worked a scoreless 10th for Cleveland 's third straight win . The Indians moved within a game of fourth-place Kansas City in the AL Central . The Royals have lost four of five . Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer off Cleveland starter Jeanmar Gomez and tied it at 3 with an RBI double in the eighth	True
Greinke is 5 - 0 with a 2.73 ERA in nine starts against Cleveland since a 3 - 1 loss to the Indians on Sept. 7 , 2008 . Cleveland led 3 - 0 after two innings . Michael Brantley doubled and scored in the first	True
Greinke is 5 - 0 with a 2.73 ERA in nine starts against Cleveland since a 3 - 1 loss to the Indians on Sept. 7 , 2008 . Cleveland led 3 - 0 after two innings . Michael Brantley doubled and scored in the first . He added a two - out RBI single in the second	True
`` After the second inning I thought they might score 15 runs , and there was nothing I could even do about it . I could n't imagine executing much better than I did the first two innings . '' Gomez , whose first career loss was to Greinke , 2 - 1 on Aug. 17 , walked Jason Kendall to open the sixth	True
`` After the second inning I thought they might score 15 runs , and there was nothing I could even do about it . I could n't imagine executing much better than I did the first two innings . '' Gomez , whose first career loss was to Greinke , 2 - 1 on Aug. 17 , walked Jason Kendall to open the sixth . With one out , Betemit drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in right center for his 10th homer and sixth	False
Gomez , whose first career loss was to Greinke , 2 - 1 on Aug. 17 , walked Jason Kendall to open the sixth . With one out , Betemit drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in right center for his 10th homer and sixth in his last 12 games . Kendall led off the eighth	True
Gomez , whose first career loss was to Greinke , 2 - 1 on Aug. 17 , walked Jason Kendall to open the sixth . With one out , Betemit drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in right center for his 10th homer and sixth in his last 12 games . Kendall led off the eighth with a walk against Joe Smith , went to second	False
Gomez gave up two runs and six hits over 5 2/3 innings in his seventh career start and was helped by his defense . The Royals put runners on first	False
Gomez gave up two runs and six hits over 5 2/3 innings in his seventh career start and was helped by his defense . The Royals put runners on first and third	False
Gomez gave up two runs and six hits over 5 2/3 innings in his seventh career start and was helped by his defense . The Royals put runners on first and third with none out in the fifth	True
Gomez gave up two runs and six hits over 5 2/3 innings in his seventh career start and was helped by his defense . The Royals put runners on first and third with none out in the fifth and did n't score . Mitch Maier doubled and went to third	False
The Royals put runners on first and third with none out in the fifth and did n't score . Mitch Maier doubled and went to third on a soft single by Yuniesky Betancourt . Maier held when Chris Getz flied out to short left . First baseman Matt LaPorta then backhanded a line drive hit by Gregor Blanco and doubled off Betancourt to end the inning . Greinke got out of the bottom half by inducing Trevor Crowe to hit into a double play with runners on first	False
The Royals put runners on first and third with none out in the fifth and did n't score . Mitch Maier doubled and went to third on a soft single by Yuniesky Betancourt . Maier held when Chris Getz flied out to short left . First baseman Matt LaPorta then backhanded a line drive hit by Gregor Blanco and doubled off Betancourt to end the inning . Greinke got out of the bottom half by inducing Trevor Crowe to hit into a double play with runners on first and second	False
Johnson 's key 2008 homer came on the day his contract was purchased from Durham by Tampa Bay . He arrived at game time because of flight delays . Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired David Ortiz with a runner on first	False
Johnson 's key 2008 homer came on the day his contract was purchased from Durham by Tampa Bay . He arrived at game time because of flight delays . Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired David Ortiz with a runner on first and two outs in the 10th	True
Tampa Bay also got a homer from B. J. Upton . Matt Garza allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . Boston went ahead 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
Boston went ahead 2 - 1 in the eighth when Martinez hit a solo homer off Joaquin Benoit . The Boston catcher had two homers off AL All-Star starter David Price in Boston 's 3 - 1 win over the Rays on Friday night . Upton tied it at 2 in the bottom of the eighth	False
Upton tied it at 2 in the bottom of the eighth with his solo shot against Buchholz . Buchholz 's shutout streak ended at 26 innings in the seventh	True
Upton tied it at 2 in the bottom of the eighth with his solo shot against Buchholz . Buchholz 's shutout streak ended at 26 innings in the seventh when Tampa Bay tied it at 1 . Carlos Pena , who missed 14 games this month with a right foot injury , reached on a fielder 's choice grounder and went to third	False
Buchholz 's shutout streak ended at 26 innings in the seventh when Tampa Bay tied it at 1 . Carlos Pena , who missed 14 games this month with a right foot injury , reached on a fielder 's choice grounder and went to third when Buchholz was charged with an error for an errant pickoff throw . Pena scored when right fielder J. D. Drew made a running catch in foul territory near the wall on Matt Joyce 's sacrifice fly . Adrian Beltre put the Red Sox up 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
Adrian Beltre put the Red Sox up 1 - 0 in the fourth with a sacrifice fly . Buchholz got early defensive support from center fielder Ryan Kalish , who made a fully extended diving catch to take away a run-scoring extra-base hit from Upton with two outs in the second	True
Hudson struck out a career-high 13 and Martin Prado equaled his career best with five RBIs , powering Atlanta to a 12 - 3 rout of the Florida Marlins on Saturday night . Matt Diaz and Eric Hinske also homered for the Braves , who scored six runs in the second	True
He stepped off the mound , tipped his hat and smiled as the milestone was noted on the giant videoboard behind him . It was on this night . Hudson closed with a flourish , fanning the side in the seventh	True
Florida went down swinging all but once against Hudson , who has put up double-digits Ks only 11 times in 337 career starts . His previous season high was seven . The Braves blew this one open early , sending 11 hitters to the plate in the second	True
Florida went down swinging all but once against Hudson , who has put up double-digits Ks only 11 times in 337 career starts . His previous season high was seven . The Braves blew this one open early , sending 11 hitters to the plate in the second against Ricky Nolasco ( 14 - 9 ) . Prado had a bases-loaded walk to account for his first RBI of the night . He added a two - run single in the third	True
Florida went down swinging all but once against Hudson , who has put up double-digits Ks only 11 times in 337 career starts . His previous season high was seven . The Braves blew this one open early , sending 11 hitters to the plate in the second against Ricky Nolasco ( 14 - 9 ) . Prado had a bases-loaded walk to account for his first RBI of the night . He added a two - run single in the third and a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Prado is playing with a broken right pinky , but it 's hard to tell . Diaz , making a rare start against a right-handed pitcher , led off the second	True
Prado is playing with a broken right pinky , but it 's hard to tell . Diaz , making a rare start against a right-handed pitcher , led off the second with a homer to center . Alex Gonzalez beat out an infield hit , Melky Cabrera singled and Hudson bunted them over to second	False
Prado is playing with a broken right pinky , but it 's hard to tell . Diaz , making a rare start against a right-handed pitcher , led off the second with a homer to center . Alex Gonzalez beat out an infield hit , Melky Cabrera singled and Hudson bunted them over to second and third	False
Another infield hit , this one on a grounder to shortstop by Omar Infante , made it 2 - 0 . Jason Heyward ripped a grounder off the chest of first baseman Gaby Sanchez , which was ruled the third infield hit of the inning and loaded the bases . After Prado 's walk , Brian McCann cleared the bases with a three - run double into the right-field corner to make it 6 - 0 . Nolasco was replaced at the start of the third	True
Nolasco was replaced at the start of the third , having allowed seven hits and three walks in his shortest start of the season . He had skipped his previous turn because of a torn meniscus in his right knee , but said he felt fine and that had nothing to do with his dismal outing . The Marlins also played some shoddy defense , even though they were charged with only one error . In addition to the liner off Sanchez , McCann picked up a gift single when shortstop Hanley Ramirez could n't find a popup in short left . Ramirez did recover in time to throw out Prado , trying to score all the way from first	False
Florida 's only statistical error came on another popup into short left . Again , Ramirez drifted back and appeared to have this one well in hand -- until Logan Morrison charged in and knocked it out of his teammate 's glove . Diaz scored on the miscue , avoiding a swipe tag by wisely choosing not to slide . After replacing Derrek Lee at first base , Hinske led off the fourth	True
Arrieta walked three during a 35-pitch first inning but allowed only one run , on Quentin 's single to center . Ramirez left the bases loaded when he hit a fly ball to right on a 3 - 1 pitch for the final out . Ramirez bounced back in the third	True
Arrieta walked three during a 35-pitch first inning but allowed only one run , on Quentin 's single to center . Ramirez left the bases loaded when he hit a fly ball to right on a 3 - 1 pitch for the final out . Ramirez bounced back in the third , driving in Konerko with a base hit to make it 3 - 0 . Konerko singled in Rios and moved to second	False
Ramirez bounced back in the third , driving in Konerko with a base hit to make it 3 - 0 . Konerko singled in Rios and moved to second on A. J. Pierzynski 's hit before Ramirez came to the plate . Rios finished the scoring with a drive to left off Armando Gabino in the eighth	True
DENVER -- Maybe early in the season , Colorado manager Jim Tracy pulls his starters and puts in a pitcher for mop-up duty . Not now , not with the Rockies trying to stay in the playoff race . Down 10 - 1 in the third inning , the Rockies did everything they could to come back . And they did , matching the biggest rally in team history and stunning the Atlanta Braves 12 - 10 Wednesday on Troy Tulowitzki 's go-ahead RBI single in the eighth	True
Down 10 - 1 in the third inning , the Rockies did everything they could to come back . And they did , matching the biggest rally in team history and stunning the Atlanta Braves 12 - 10 Wednesday on Troy Tulowitzki 's go-ahead RBI single in the eighth . The Rockies gradually cut into the deficit against the NL East leaders before taking the lead with four runs in the eighth	True
The major league record for the biggest comeback is 12 runs -- it 's happened three times , most recently by Cleveland against Seattle in 2001 . The NL record of 11 runs has been done three times , with Houston doing it to St. Louis in 1994 . With one out in the eighth	True
Matt Belisle ( 6 - 4 ) picked up the win , pitching 1 1/3 innings in relief . Brian McCann matched his career best with four hits , including an RBI single in the Braves ' four - run second	True
Tracy said Corpas was scheduled for an MRI scan on Thursday . Colorado pulled within 10 - 8 with successive three - run innings in the fifth	True
Tracy said Corpas was scheduled for an MRI scan on Thursday . Colorado pulled within 10 - 8 with successive three - run innings in the fifth and sixth	True
Tracy said Corpas was scheduled for an MRI scan on Thursday . Colorado pulled within 10 - 8 with successive three - run innings in the fifth and sixth . Fowler hit a two - run triple in the fifth	True
Colorado pulled within 10 - 8 with successive three - run innings in the fifth and sixth . Fowler hit a two - run triple in the fifth and scored when shortstop Alex Gonzalez threw wildly on the relay . Seth Smith , who had a solo homer in the second	True
Colorado pulled within 10 - 8 with successive three - run innings in the fifth and sixth . Fowler hit a two - run triple in the fifth and scored when shortstop Alex Gonzalez threw wildly on the relay . Seth Smith , who had a solo homer in the second , hit an RBI double in the sixth	False
Seth Smith , who had a solo homer in the second , hit an RBI double in the sixth that chased Atlanta starter Jair Jurrjens . Peter Moylan relieved and walked Iannetta before giving up a pinch-hit , two - run double to Ryan Spilborghs . Heyward tripled with one out in the first	True
Heyward tripled with one out in the first to start a three - run burst that also included Prado 's RBI single and Melky Cabrera 's run-scoring double . The Braves added four more runs in the second	True
Heyward tripled with one out in the first to start a three - run burst that also included Prado 's RBI single and Melky Cabrera 's run-scoring double . The Braves added four more runs in the second , getting a pair on Prado 's two - run double . Infante keyed the Braves ' three - run third	True
The Braves added four more runs in the second , getting a pair on Prado 's two - run double . Infante keyed the Braves ' three - run third with a two - run homer off Corpas that extended his career-best hitting streak to 14 games . Ian Stewart 's sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
De La Rosa pitched seven effective innings and Carlos Gonzalez hit his 26th home run to lead Colorado to a 5 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Seth Smith also homered , Eric Young had a career-high three hits and Huston Street worked the ninth	True
Alex Gonzalez 's home run and two RBIs was all the offense for Atlanta , which has lost two straight . After Gonzalez 's fourth home run made it 2 - 1 in the second inning , the Braves could n't solve De La Rosa . He retired 14 of the next 16 batters , and the only one who gave him trouble was pitcher Derek Lowe , who singled in the third	True
Alex Gonzalez 's home run and two RBIs was all the offense for Atlanta , which has lost two straight . After Gonzalez 's fourth home run made it 2 - 1 in the second inning , the Braves could n't solve De La Rosa . He retired 14 of the next 16 batters , and the only one who gave him trouble was pitcher Derek Lowe , who singled in the third and drew a leadoff walk in the sixth	True
After Gonzalez 's fourth home run made it 2 - 1 in the second inning , the Braves could n't solve De La Rosa . He retired 14 of the next 16 batters , and the only one who gave him trouble was pitcher Derek Lowe , who singled in the third and drew a leadoff walk in the sixth . Lowe was erased when Colorado turned one of its four double plays . De La Rosa struck out the first two batters of the seventh	True
De La Rosa struck out the first two batters of the seventh but when he went 1 - 0 on Diaz , Tracy and trainer Keith Dugger went to the mound to look at his pitching hand . Tracy said De La Rosa dinged his index finger grounding out in the bottom of the sixth	True
De La Rosa struck out the first two batters of the seventh but when he went 1 - 0 on Diaz , Tracy and trainer Keith Dugger went to the mound to look at his pitching hand . Tracy said De La Rosa dinged his index finger grounding out in the bottom of the sixth and it was bothering him . He stayed in the game and Diaz singled to right , moved to second	False
De La Rosa got Melky Cabrera to ground out to end the inning , and the bullpen finished the win . The Rockies gave their starter the lead right away . Young hit a grounds-rule double to lead off the bottom of the first	True
The Rockies gave their starter the lead right away . Young hit a grounds-rule double to lead off the bottom of the first and one out later Gonzalez hit Lowe 's 1 - 2 slider into the Colorado bullpen to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . The Rockies had chances to extend the lead . Young was stranded at third twice , including when Colorado loaded the bases in the fifth	True
The Rockies gave their starter the lead right away . Young hit a grounds-rule double to lead off the bottom of the first and one out later Gonzalez hit Lowe 's 1 - 2 slider into the Colorado bullpen to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . The Rockies had chances to extend the lead . Young was stranded at third twice , including when Colorado loaded the bases in the fifth . Todd Helton , coming off his first four - hit game in more than a year , hit a broken-bat lineout to second	False
The Rockies had chances to extend the lead . Young was stranded at third twice , including when Colorado loaded the bases in the fifth . Todd Helton , coming off his first four - hit game in more than a year , hit a broken-bat lineout to second to end the threat . Smith gave De La Rosa breathing room when he led off the sixth	True
Smith gave De La Rosa breathing room when he led off the sixth with his 15th home run to make it 3 - 1 . The Rockies added two unearned runs in the ninth	True
Atlanta leads the majors with 22 wins in its final at-bat and Ankiel , who arrived last month in a trade with the Kansas City Royals , was happy to finally do the honors . He entered the game with only three RBIs since joining the team . Lee received a standing ovation before his first at-bat and went 0 - for - 4 . He struck out , flied out and lined out against best buddy Ryan Dempster before striking out against Marmol for the first	True
Atlanta leads the majors with 22 wins in its final at-bat and Ankiel , who arrived last month in a trade with the Kansas City Royals , was happy to finally do the honors . He entered the game with only three RBIs since joining the team . Lee received a standing ovation before his first at-bat and went 0 - for - 4 . He struck out , flied out and lined out against best buddy Ryan Dempster before striking out against Marmol for the first out of the ninth	True
Lee received a standing ovation before his first at-bat and went 0 - for - 4 . He struck out , flied out and lined out against best buddy Ryan Dempster before striking out against Marmol for the first out of the ninth . Dempster stepped off the mound in the first inning so Lee could enjoy the applause . He waved his helmet to the crowd before flying out on the first pitch , stranding a runner at third	False
Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) walked Martin Prado , Brian McCann and Alex Gonzalez before Ankiel 's hit . It was his fifth blown save in 26 chances . Billy Wagner retired three straight hitters after Darwin Barney 's leadoff single in the Chicago ninth	True
Billy Wagner retired three straight hitters after Darwin Barney 's leadoff single in the Chicago ninth , earning his 30th save and No . 415 for his career . He fanned two to move into a tie with Jesse Orosco for the most strikeouts by a left-handed reliever with 1,169 . Ankiel also made a nice catch in center field to rob Starlin Castro in the first	True
Dempster allowed two runs and four hits , retiring the last nine batters he faced . He is 3 - 0 with a 1.65 ERA in four starts this month . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth in relief of Jair Jurrjens , who gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings for Atlanta . Hill singled in a run in the second	True
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth in relief of Jair Jurrjens , who gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings for Atlanta . Hill singled in a run in the second , but Atlanta tied it in the third	False
Hill singled in a run in the second , but Atlanta tied it in the third on Omar Infante 's home run and grabbed a 2 - 1 lead on Gonzalez 's RBI double in the fourth -- the final hit allowed by Dempster . Aramis Ramirez homered in the bottom half for the Cubs and doubled in Marlon Byrd in the sixth	True
Cueto finished serving the seven - game ban he received for his actions during the Reds ' bench-clearing brawl with St. Louis on Aug. 10 , when he was ejected for kicking several Cardinals players while pinned against the home plate screen . He will start Saturday night . Arthur Rhodes pitched a perfect eighth	True
Cueto finished serving the seven - game ban he received for his actions during the Reds ' bench-clearing brawl with St. Louis on Aug. 10 , when he was ejected for kicking several Cardinals players while pinned against the home plate screen . He will start Saturday night . Arthur Rhodes pitched a perfect eighth and Francisco Cordero a scoreless ninth	True
Cincinnati ( 71 - 51 ) has won eight straight on the road and is a season-high 20 games over .500 . Dodgers rookie Carlos Monasterios ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with three runs and eight hits over 4 1/3 innings and had six strikeouts , a career high . Two of the runs were unearned , the result of his throwing error in the fourth	True
Dodgers rookie Carlos Monasterios ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with three runs and eight hits over 4 1/3 innings and had six strikeouts , a career high . Two of the runs were unearned , the result of his throwing error in the fourth . The 24-year-old right-hander came out of the bullpen to make his ninth big league start because Vicente Padilla went on the disabled list with a bulging disk in his neck . Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk in the third	True
Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk in the third for the Dodgers and scored the tying run on Ryan Theriot 's bunt single with two outs . Phillips had an RBI single in the second	True
Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk in the third for the Dodgers and scored the tying run on Ryan Theriot 's bunt single with two outs . Phillips had an RBI single in the second and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Coming off a wild week of momentum that ended on upswing , it was just what they needed . Paul Janish hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the seventh inning and Bronson Arroyo overcame Kelly Johnson 's early two - run homer to pitch into the eighth	True
With six games against teams in contention around the corner , Cincinnati did n't need a setback against the last-place Diamondbacks . Arroyo ( 13 - 7 ) gave the Reds a chance , rallying after giving up Johnson 's 19th homer two batters into the game . His replacement , Arthur Rhodes , escaped a jam in the eighth inning with two big strikeouts and Scott Rolen had two of his three RBIs on a cusion-adding single in the ninth	True
Laynce Nix managed to touch the bag in the next inning , scoring on Rolen 's run-scoring single to right . Another run came in on Jay Bruce 's second straight 3 - 6 - 6 double play , tying the score at 2-all . Janish did n't have to worry about his teammates ' feet in the seventh inning , lifting a solo homer to left , his fourth	False
Laynce Nix managed to touch the bag in the next inning , scoring on Rolen 's run-scoring single to right . Another run came in on Jay Bruce 's second straight 3 - 6 - 6 double play , tying the score at 2-all . Janish did n't have to worry about his teammates ' feet in the seventh inning , lifting a solo homer to left , his fourth , to break the tie . Cincinnati added to the lead in the ninth	True
With the loss , the Mets ended a trying week in which a civil suit was filed against ace Johan Santana by the woman who accused him of raping her -- no charges were filed -- last year in Florida and Francisco Rodriguez , their closer , was charged with third-degree assault for allegedly beating his girlfriend 's father outside the family room at Citi Field . Other than Jose Reyes ' leadoff homer in the third	True
Jimmy Rollins stole two bases and Shane Victorino swiped another to help score two - out runs for the banged-up Phillies . Jayson Werth tripled and reached base three times as Philadelphia won the final two games of the three - game series after snapping their 38-inning scoreless streak at Citi Field . Many in the crowd of 31,345 that endured a persistent drizzle in the early innings raced for the exits after Jeff Francoeur flied out to the warning track in left-center against reliever Chad Durbin to end the seventh	True
Jimmy Rollins stole two bases and Shane Victorino swiped another to help score two - out runs for the banged-up Phillies . Jayson Werth tripled and reached base three times as Philadelphia won the final two games of the three - game series after snapping their 38-inning scoreless streak at Citi Field . Many in the crowd of 31,345 that endured a persistent drizzle in the early innings raced for the exits after Jeff Francoeur flied out to the warning track in left-center against reliever Chad Durbin to end the seventh with a runner on first	False
Many in the crowd of 31,345 that endured a persistent drizzle in the early innings raced for the exits after Jeff Francoeur flied out to the warning track in left-center against reliever Chad Durbin to end the seventh with a runner on first . Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth	True
Many in the crowd of 31,345 that endured a persistent drizzle in the early innings raced for the exits after Jeff Francoeur flied out to the warning track in left-center against reliever Chad Durbin to end the seventh with a runner on first . Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances . Victorino , who had three hits , doubled off Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) with two outs in the third	True
Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances . Victorino , who had three hits , doubled off Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) with two outs in the third to drive in Rollins , who singled and stole second	False
Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances . Victorino , who had three hits , doubled off Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) with two outs in the third to drive in Rollins , who singled and stole second and third	False
Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances . Victorino , who had three hits , doubled off Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) with two outs in the third to drive in Rollins , who singled and stole second and third for a 1 - 0 lead . Victorino singled and stole second	False
Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances . Victorino , who had three hits , doubled off Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) with two outs in the third to drive in Rollins , who singled and stole second and third for a 1 - 0 lead . Victorino singled and stole second in the fifth	False
Ryan Madson walked one in a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances . Victorino , who had three hits , doubled off Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) with two outs in the third to drive in Rollins , who singled and stole second and third for a 1 - 0 lead . Victorino singled and stole second in the fifth before scoring on Placido Polanco 's single , and Werth tripled and scored on Carlos Ruiz 's hit past diving third baseman Wright , who was playing in , to make it 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Victorino , who had three hits , doubled off Mike Pelfrey ( 11 - 7 ) with two outs in the third to drive in Rollins , who singled and stole second and third for a 1 - 0 lead . Victorino singled and stole second in the fifth before scoring on Placido Polanco 's single , and Werth tripled and scored on Carlos Ruiz 's hit past diving third baseman Wright , who was playing in , to make it 3 - 1 in the sixth . In the third	True
Shoppach hit his second career grand slam and a solo homer Saturday , leading the Rays to a 7 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles . Trailing 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
Shoppach hit his second career grand slam and a solo homer Saturday , leading the Rays to a 7 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles . Trailing 3 - 0 in the fourth , Sean Rodriguez had an RBI double before Shoppach hit his slam to make it 5 - 3 . Shoppach 's solo shot in the eighth	True
Shoppach 's slam came one pitch after Matusz just missed getting a strikeout . Shoppach 's fourth-inning homer was the first	False
Willy Aybar 's fifth-inning run-scoring single extended Tampa Bay 's lead to 6 - 3 . Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third	True
Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third . Jones is 6 for 11 with three homers overall against the right-hander . A base running gaffe cost Tampa Bay in the third	True
Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third . Jones is 6 for 11 with three homers overall against the right-hander . A base running gaffe cost Tampa Bay in the third . With runners on first	False
Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third . Jones is 6 for 11 with three homers overall against the right-hander . A base running gaffe cost Tampa Bay in the third . With runners on first and second	False
Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third . Jones is 6 for 11 with three homers overall against the right-hander . A base running gaffe cost Tampa Bay in the third . With runners on first and second , Bartlett hit a one - out single to center . Third base coach Tom Foley stopped Gabe Kapler , who was on second	False
Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third . Jones is 6 for 11 with three homers overall against the right-hander . A base running gaffe cost Tampa Bay in the third . With runners on first and second , Bartlett hit a one - out single to center . Third base coach Tom Foley stopped Gabe Kapler , who was on second , at third	False
Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third . Jones is 6 for 11 with three homers overall against the right-hander . A base running gaffe cost Tampa Bay in the third . With runners on first and second , Bartlett hit a one - out single to center . Third base coach Tom Foley stopped Gabe Kapler , who was on second , at third , but B. J. Upton did n't stop at second	False
Jones put the Orioles ahead 3 - 0 on his homer off Sonnanstine during the third . Jones is 6 for 11 with three homers overall against the right-hander . A base running gaffe cost Tampa Bay in the third . With runners on first and second , Bartlett hit a one - out single to center . Third base coach Tom Foley stopped Gabe Kapler , who was on second , at third , but B. J. Upton did n't stop at second and wound up at third	False
The Rays ' third ended without a run when Carl Crawford grounded out . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the first	True
His game-winning , two - run double in the ninth inning capped a frantic rally from seven runs down and toppled the Los Angeles Dodgers , 10 - 9 , on Thursday night . Once the winning run scored , the catcher zig-zagged between second	False
Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and the Phillies pulled to within two games of the idle Atlanta Braves . Los Angeles seemed to be cruising after piling on five runs over the seventh	True
After Kemp went 0 - for - 10 in a three - game series in Washington , punctuated by a four- strikeout performance Aug. 8 , Dodgers manager Joe Torre limited him to a pair of pinch- hitting appearances on Tuesday and Wednesday . The time off helped . Kemp followed Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single with another run-scoring hit , as Los Angeles built a 3 - 0 lead off Joe Blanton . Philadelphia pulled within a run on Ruiz 's single in the fourth	True
After Kemp went 0 - for - 10 in a three - game series in Washington , punctuated by a four- strikeout performance Aug. 8 , Dodgers manager Joe Torre limited him to a pair of pinch- hitting appearances on Tuesday and Wednesday . The time off helped . Kemp followed Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single with another run-scoring hit , as Los Angeles built a 3 - 0 lead off Joe Blanton . Philadelphia pulled within a run on Ruiz 's single in the fourth , but the Dodgers added a run in the top of the fifth	False
After Kemp went 0 - for - 10 in a three - game series in Washington , punctuated by a four- strikeout performance Aug. 8 , Dodgers manager Joe Torre limited him to a pair of pinch- hitting appearances on Tuesday and Wednesday . The time off helped . Kemp followed Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single with another run-scoring hit , as Los Angeles built a 3 - 0 lead off Joe Blanton . Philadelphia pulled within a run on Ruiz 's single in the fourth , but the Dodgers added a run in the top of the fifth , two in the seventh	True
After Kemp went 0 - for - 10 in a three - game series in Washington , punctuated by a four- strikeout performance Aug. 8 , Dodgers manager Joe Torre limited him to a pair of pinch- hitting appearances on Tuesday and Wednesday . The time off helped . Kemp followed Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single with another run-scoring hit , as Los Angeles built a 3 - 0 lead off Joe Blanton . Philadelphia pulled within a run on Ruiz 's single in the fourth , but the Dodgers added a run in the top of the fifth , two in the seventh and three in the eighth	False
Correia took a one - hit shutout into the seventh inning and Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run home run to lead the San Diego Padres to an 8 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night . Correia faced the minimum through 6 1/3 innings before the Pirates chased him during a four - run rally in the seventh	True
Correia faced the minimum through 6 1/3 innings before the Pirates chased him during a four - run rally in the seventh . Correia ( 9 - 7 ) won for the fourth time in five decisions . Correia got Andrew McCutchen to fly out to left to open the seventh	True
Correia got Andrew McCutchen to fly out to left to open the seventh before allowing three straight singles to load the bases . He walked Pedro Alvarez to force in a run , prompting Black to bring in Ernesto Frieri . Frieri allowed Ryan Doumit 's two - run double over Chris Denorfia 's head and off the center-field fence . Chris Snyder 's groundout brought in another run . Correia struck out the side in the third	True
All-Star Adrian Gonzalez went 4 - for - 4 with a walk , drove in two runs and scored twice . Miguel Tejada scored three runs for the Padres , who beat the Pirates for the fifth straight time this season . The West-leading Padres ( 66 - 46 ) have the best record in the National League , while the Pirates ( 39 - 74 ) have the worst . San Diego remained 2 1/2 games ahead of San Francisco , which beat Chicago . The Padres are 20 games over .500 for the third time this season . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
McDonald threw a career-high 107 pitches . Pittsburgh scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
Pittsburgh scored an unearned run in the eighth to pull to 7 - 5 before the Padres scored another run in the bottom of the inning . The Padres scored three runs in both the fifth	True
Pittsburgh scored an unearned run in the eighth to pull to 7 - 5 before the Padres scored another run in the bottom of the inning . The Padres scored three runs in both the fifth and sixth innings . Pirates reliever Chan Ho Park allowed Hairston 's two - run homer and Gonzalez 's RBI double , both with one out in the sixth	True
Pittsburgh scored an unearned run in the eighth to pull to 7 - 5 before the Padres scored another run in the bottom of the inning . The Padres scored three runs in both the fifth and sixth innings . Pirates reliever Chan Ho Park allowed Hairston 's two - run homer and Gonzalez 's RBI double , both with one out in the sixth , giving the Padres a 7 - 0 lead . It was Hairston 's 10th	False
The Padres scored three runs in both the fifth and sixth innings . Pirates reliever Chan Ho Park allowed Hairston 's two - run homer and Gonzalez 's RBI double , both with one out in the sixth , giving the Padres a 7 - 0 lead . It was Hairston 's 10th , tying his career high set last year while with Cincinnati and the New York Yankees . The Padres had six straight batters reach base with two outs in the fifth	True
The Padres had six straight batters reach base with two outs in the fifth , scoring three runs to take a 4 - 0 lead . After Hairston and Tejada singled , Gonzalez hit an RBI single to center and Ryan Ludwick hit an RBI double to center . Chase Headley walked to load the bases and Yorvit Torrealba walked to bring in Gonzalez . Leading off the fourth	True
The Padres had six straight batters reach base with two outs in the fifth , scoring three runs to take a 4 - 0 lead . After Hairston and Tejada singled , Gonzalez hit an RBI single to center and Ryan Ludwick hit an RBI double to center . Chase Headley walked to load the bases and Yorvit Torrealba walked to bring in Gonzalez . Leading off the fourth , Gonzalez bunted for a single to counter the shift opponents often put on against the left-handed slugger and took second	False
On Tuesday , he went seven innings for the first time since June 19 and gave up four hits . He struck out four and walked one while throwing a career-high 122 pitches . Fernando Martinez made a diving catch in left field to help Hisanori Takahashi pitch a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
On Tuesday , he went seven innings for the first time since June 19 and gave up four hits . He struck out four and walked one while throwing a career-high 122 pitches . Fernando Martinez made a diving catch in left field to help Hisanori Takahashi pitch a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth . Francisco Rodriguez was perfect in the ninth	True
On Tuesday , he went seven innings for the first time since June 19 and gave up four hits . He struck out four and walked one while throwing a career-high 122 pitches . Fernando Martinez made a diving catch in left field to help Hisanori Takahashi pitch a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth . Francisco Rodriguez was perfect in the ninth for his 25th save in 30 chances , completing the Mets ' 16th shutout , most in the majors . It was New York 's second 1 - 0 victory in four days and third	False
The Rockies , who had only one runner reach third base , have won only twice in their last 11 road games . After failing to capitalize on a bases-loaded situation in the sixth	True
The Rockies , who had only one runner reach third base , have won only twice in their last 11 road games . After failing to capitalize on a bases-loaded situation in the sixth in which Pelfrey had a single , the Mets broke through against Jimenez in the seventh	True
Reyes came through after having pregame chats with coach Chip Hale and Manuel about his pre-pitch preparation on defense after he made three errors on his road trip . Jimenez ( 17 - 3 ) was the more dominant pitcher early . His pitches routinely reached the high 90s and popped loudly into catcher Miguel Olivo 's glove as an unenthusiastic crowd watched him not allow a hit until Martinez reached on an infield single leading off the fourth	True
Los Angeles started a seven - game road trip through Philadelphia and Atlanta with their highest-scoring game of the season . The Dodgers had gone 6 - 15 since the All-Star break before winning three straight . The Dodgers already led 3 - 0 before scoring four runs in the fourth	True
Vicente Padilla ( 6 - 3 ) entered the game with a second-half ERA of 1.04 and had allowed just three runs in 26 innings . After cruising through the first three innings , the right-hander began to falter on a 91-degree night . Ross Gload , playing first base for an injured Ryan Howard , hit the first	False
Vicente Padilla ( 6 - 3 ) entered the game with a second-half ERA of 1.04 and had allowed just three runs in 26 innings . After cruising through the first three innings , the right-hander began to falter on a 91-degree night . Ross Gload , playing first base for an injured Ryan Howard , hit the first of his two , two - run homers in the fifth	True
Rhymes had three hits and two RBIs to help Detroit beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 4 on Sunday . Johnny Damon drove in three runs and Alex Avila also had two RBIs for the struggling Tigers , who snapped a four - game losing streak and avoided a sweep in the weekend series . Detroit scored three times in the fifth	True
Rhymes had three hits and two RBIs to help Detroit beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 4 on Sunday . Johnny Damon drove in three runs and Alex Avila also had two RBIs for the struggling Tigers , who snapped a four - game losing streak and avoided a sweep in the weekend series . Detroit scored three times in the fifth , sixth	True
`` It 's tough , but at the same time it was really just a numbers game . With Carlos here , I would n't get any at-bats . '' Detroit chased Trevor Bell ( 1 - 3 ) in the sixth	True
Detroit chased Trevor Bell ( 1 - 3 ) in the sixth . Avila grounded a tiebreaking two - run single just past diving second baseman Maicer Izturis and Rhymes added a two - out RBI single off Michael Kohn that made it 6 - 3 . Damon hit a two - run single in the eighth	True
Bell ( 1 - 3 ) yielded six runs , four earned , and nine hits . The Angels took advantage of a pair of mistakes by Porcello to take a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Bell ( 1 - 3 ) yielded six runs , four earned , and nine hits . The Angels took advantage of a pair of mistakes by Porcello to take a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Alberto Callaspo reached on the pitcher 's error to begin the inning , then moved to third	False
The Angels took advantage of a pair of mistakes by Porcello to take a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Alberto Callaspo reached on the pitcher 's error to begin the inning , then moved to third on Izturis ' single to right . He scored on a wild pitch . Rhymes and Damon hit consecutive RBI doubles with two out in the fifth	True
The Angels took advantage of a pair of mistakes by Porcello to take a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Alberto Callaspo reached on the pitcher 's error to begin the inning , then moved to third on Izturis ' single to right . He scored on a wild pitch . Rhymes and Damon hit consecutive RBI doubles with two out in the fifth but the Angels tied it at 3 on run-scoring singles by Juan Rivera and Mike Mathis in the sixth	True
Kansas City starter Kyle Davies ( 5 - 7 ) was Vargas ' equal until the sixth inning when he gave up three straight one - out hits . The last single , a liner up the middle by Kotchman , scored Ichiro Suzuki and Chone Figgins with the go-ahead runs . Figgins added a bit of insurance in the eighth	True
Figgins added a bit of insurance in the eighth with an RBI single to score Suzuki . The top two in Seattle 's order -- Suzuki and Figgins -- were a combined 4 for 7 and scored all three runs . Figgins is hitting .522 on the Mariners current homestand . For the first	True
Figgins added a bit of insurance in the eighth with an RBI single to score Suzuki . The top two in Seattle 's order -- Suzuki and Figgins -- were a combined 4 for 7 and scored all three runs . Figgins is hitting .522 on the Mariners current homestand . For the first few innings , Vargas was untouchable . He allowed one hit entering the sixth -- a double by Billy Butler in the fourth	True
Figgins added a bit of insurance in the eighth with an RBI single to score Suzuki . The top two in Seattle 's order -- Suzuki and Figgins -- were a combined 4 for 7 and scored all three runs . Figgins is hitting .522 on the Mariners current homestand . For the first few innings , Vargas was untouchable . He allowed one hit entering the sixth -- a double by Billy Butler in the fourth that Suzuki made a leaping attempt for but bounced out of his glove . Jason Kendall started the sixth	True
Figgins added a bit of insurance in the eighth with an RBI single to score Suzuki . The top two in Seattle 's order -- Suzuki and Figgins -- were a combined 4 for 7 and scored all three runs . Figgins is hitting .522 on the Mariners current homestand . For the first few innings , Vargas was untouchable . He allowed one hit entering the sixth -- a double by Billy Butler in the fourth that Suzuki made a leaping attempt for but bounced out of his glove . Jason Kendall started the sixth with a single and scored with two outs when Mike Aviles rolled a grounder in the hole between first	False
Figgins added a bit of insurance in the eighth with an RBI single to score Suzuki . The top two in Seattle 's order -- Suzuki and Figgins -- were a combined 4 for 7 and scored all three runs . Figgins is hitting .522 on the Mariners current homestand . For the first few innings , Vargas was untouchable . He allowed one hit entering the sixth -- a double by Billy Butler in the fourth that Suzuki made a leaping attempt for but bounced out of his glove . Jason Kendall started the sixth with a single and scored with two outs when Mike Aviles rolled a grounder in the hole between first and second	False
Vargas allowed just four hits , walked three and struck out three . Vargas was replaced to begin the seventh	True
Vargas allowed just four hits , walked three and struck out three . Vargas was replaced to begin the seventh after throwing just 90 pitches , but the Mariners bullpen did n't let this one get away . Jamey Wright worked the seventh	True
Vargas allowed just four hits , walked three and struck out three . Vargas was replaced to begin the seventh after throwing just 90 pitches , but the Mariners bullpen did n't let this one get away . Jamey Wright worked the seventh and Brandon League nearly blew the lead in the eighth	True
Kansas City got one out singles from Wilson Betemit and Brayan Pena to put runners on the corners off League . Aviles could n't come through again , grounding into an inning ending double play . David Aardsma entered in the ninth	True
David Aardsma entered in the ninth and pinch-hitter Alex Gordon hit his fifth homer of the season with one out . Aardsma rebounded to retire the final two batters for his 20th save in 24 chances . Davies was nearly as good as Vargas , giving up just Josh Wilson 's single in the third inning before Seattle got to Davies in the sixth	True
Davies was nearly as good as Vargas , giving up just Josh Wilson 's single in the third inning before Seattle got to Davies in the sixth . Davies gave up two runs and five hits and struck out five . It was his first loss since June 26 . Seattle missed a chance to pad its lead in the seventh	True
Davies was nearly as good as Vargas , giving up just Josh Wilson 's single in the third inning before Seattle got to Davies in the sixth . Davies gave up two runs and five hits and struck out five . It was his first loss since June 26 . Seattle missed a chance to pad its lead in the seventh with runners on second	False
Davies was nearly as good as Vargas , giving up just Josh Wilson 's single in the third inning before Seattle got to Davies in the sixth . Davies gave up two runs and five hits and struck out five . It was his first loss since June 26 . Seattle missed a chance to pad its lead in the seventh with runners on second and third	False
Davies was nearly as good as Vargas , giving up just Josh Wilson 's single in the third inning before Seattle got to Davies in the sixth . Davies gave up two runs and five hits and struck out five . It was his first loss since June 26 . Seattle missed a chance to pad its lead in the seventh with runners on second and third and one out . Seattle manager Don Wakamatsu called for a squeeze bunt with Ryan Langerhans at the plate , but Kansas City reliever Kanekoa Texeira threw a pitch out and Langerhans -- trying to reach across the plate to get a part of the bat on the pitch -- had no chance , leaving Franklin Gutierrez hung up between third	False
It was Showalter 's first loss since Oct. 1 , 2006 , with the Texas Rangers . After Quentin 's 22nd homer in the fourth inning , Chicago added single runs in the seventh	True
It was Showalter 's first loss since Oct. 1 , 2006 , with the Texas Rangers . After Quentin 's 22nd homer in the fourth inning , Chicago added single runs in the seventh and eighth	True
It was Showalter 's first loss since Oct. 1 , 2006 , with the Texas Rangers . After Quentin 's 22nd homer in the fourth inning , Chicago added single runs in the seventh and eighth against reliever Jason Berken ( 3 - 3 ) before scoring an unearned run in the ninth	True
Floyd ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six hits , walked two and struck out five to win his third straight start . The right-hander is 6 - 1 with a 1.17 ERA in his last nine outings . Matt Thornton worked the eighth	True
Baltimore was held hitless after Felix Pie singled with no outs in the fourth inning -- the fifth straight hit off Floyd . Chicago went up 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
Baltimore was held hitless after Felix Pie singled with no outs in the fourth inning -- the fifth straight hit off Floyd . Chicago went up 3 - 2 in the eighth when Juan Pierre hit a leadoff single , took second	False
Baltimore starter Kevin Millwood allowed four hits in six innings and left with a 2 - 1 lead . He had yielded five runs in each of his previous five appearances and had n't given up only one run in any start since April 11 . Berken promptly gave up the advantage , however , in the seventh	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 when Adam Jones led off the second inning with his 16th home run , the first allowed by Floyd in 12 starts since June 2 . The Orioles added a run in the third	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 when Adam Jones led off the second inning with his 16th home run , the first allowed by Floyd in 12 starts since June 2 . The Orioles added a run in the third , but a baserunning error cost them a chance for more . After Nick Markakis hit a two - out double and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton , Luke Scott followed with a single . Wigginton headed for third	False
The Orioles added a run in the third , but a baserunning error cost them a chance for more . After Nick Markakis hit a two - out double and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton , Luke Scott followed with a single . Wigginton headed for third , second-guessed his decision , went anyway and was thrown out to end the inning . Millwood pitched a scoreless first	True
Millwood pitched a scoreless first , no small feat considering he allowed at least two first-inning runs in 11 of his previous 12 starts . The exception occurred in the fourth	True
When popular and well-respected infielder Alex Cora was released by the team on Saturday afternoon he told Francoeur to `` hit a rocket '' that night against the Philadelphia Phillies . Francoeur 's homer leading off the seventh	True
Francisco Rodriguez got the final five outs for his 24th save in 29 chances as the Mets ended Philadelphia 's five - game winning streak and 12-game home streak . Lefties Santana ( 9 - 6 ) and Cole Hamels traded scoreless frames through the first six innings . Santana struck out six , walked three and did n't allow a hit until Placido Polanco singled with two outs in the sixth	True
Hamels ( 7 - 8 ) had given up five hits heading into the seventh -- with nine of his 11 strikeouts -- before Francoeur led off with his 11th homer just over the right-center field fence . Reliever Chad Durbin loaded the bases in the eighth	True
Reliever Chad Durbin loaded the bases in the eighth , but escaped by striking out Francoeur on a high fastball . The Phillies then took their turn to threaten in the bottom of the eighth	False
Anticipating a bunt , which had been called for by Phillies manager Charlie Manuel , Santana said he threw a change up to give himself more time to react . Mets manager Jerry Manuel then went to Rodriguez . He walked Jayson Werth with two outs , but retired Ross Gload on a grounder to second	False
Adam Jones singled in the winning run with two outs in the 10th inning , and the resurgent Orioles walked off with a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Baltimore improved to 4 - 0 since Showalter took over as manager earlier this week . The four - game run matches its longest winning streak of the season and represents one - eighth	False
Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen had n't faced Baltimore before this series , so he was reluctant to say whether Showalter has helped improve the team with the worst record in the major leagues . Markakis started the game-winning uprising with a one - out single off Tony Pena ( 3 - 2 ) . After Ty Wigginton flied out , Markakis took third	False
Chicago 's John Danks gave up three hits and a run before getting an out but finished strong , allowing one run and six hits in seven innings . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first on singles by Roberts , Markakis and Wigginton . Beckham tied it in the third	False
After that , the pitchers took control . Bergesen retired 11 of 13 batters after Beckham 's drive , a streak that ended with a one - out triple by Kotsay in the seventh	True
Bergesen retired 11 of 13 batters after Beckham 's drive , a streak that ended with a one - out triple by Kotsay in the seventh . Alexei Ramirez followed with a dribbler down the first base line that Wigginton picked up barehanded before throwing out Kotsay at the plate . Ramirez then stole second	False
The two - time NL champion Phillies , depleted by injuries to key players , moved within 1 1/2 games of NL East-leading Atlanta with their 13th win in 15 games . The Braves hosted San Francisco on Friday . Both starters pitched well , though neither stuck around for a decision . Chad Durbin ( 3 - 1 ) tossed a scoreless inning for the win . Bobby Parnell ( 0 - 1 ) did n't retire any of the four batters he faced in the eighth	True
Both starters pitched well , though neither stuck around for a decision . Chad Durbin ( 3 - 1 ) tossed a scoreless inning for the win . Bobby Parnell ( 0 - 1 ) did n't retire any of the four batters he faced in the eighth . After pinch-hitter Mike Hessman hit a three - run homer off J. C. Romero with two outs in the ninth	True
Despite being without All-Stars Ryan Howard and Chase Utley and Shane Victorino , the Phillies have improved to a season-best 13 games above .500 at 61 - 48 . Once Niese left , the Phillies rallied against Parnell and Pedro Feliciano in the eighth	True
Despite being without All-Stars Ryan Howard and Chase Utley and Shane Victorino , the Phillies have improved to a season-best 13 games above .500 at 61 - 48 . Once Niese left , the Phillies rallied against Parnell and Pedro Feliciano in the eighth . Sweeney led off with a single and went to third	False
The Phillies got Sweeney from Seattle on Wednesday . The five - time AL All-Star will help fill in for Howard , who was out with an ankle injury . Niese allowed a run in the first	True
Niese allowed a run in the first on Polanco 's RBI double but nothing else . The 23-year-old lefty lowered his ERA to 3.63 by allowing one run or less for the 10th time in 20 starts . Josh Thole 's RBI single in the fourth gave the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third	True
Johnson and Adam LaRoche had three hits each and Justin Upton drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who were 5 for 17 with runners in scoring position after going 2 for 18 the previous three games . Enright ( 3 - 2 ) made it possible , giving up solo homers to Adam Kennedy in the third inning and Ryan Zimmerman in the fifth	True
The few who showed up got to see a sometimes-stinky game filled with four errors , a botched squeeze and a strikeout that scored a run . Nationals first baseman Adam Dunn had an ugly error in the second inning that led to an unearned run and two more scored in the fourth	True
The few who showed up got to see a sometimes-stinky game filled with four errors , a botched squeeze and a strikeout that scored a run . Nationals first baseman Adam Dunn had an ugly error in the second inning that led to an unearned run and two more scored in the fourth after Zimmerman botched a grounder at third	False
All three unearned runs came with Detwiler on the mound , but those were n't his only problem . The left-hander was hit hard , giving up an RBI double to Bobby Crosby in the second inning , run-scoring singles to Stephen Drew and Enright -- after a failed squeeze attempt -- in the fourth	True
All three unearned runs came with Detwiler on the mound , but those were n't his only problem . The left-hander was hit hard , giving up an RBI double to Bobby Crosby in the second inning , run-scoring singles to Stephen Drew and Enright -- after a failed squeeze attempt -- in the fourth and another to Upton in the fifth	True
Arizona was n't done taking advantage of Washington 's mistakes , scoring two more odd runs in the inning off Collin Balester . The first came on a single by Rusty Ryal that somehow trickled through the hole on the right side despite most of his bat breaking off and flying toward third	False
The first came on a single by Rusty Ryal that somehow trickled through the hole on the right side despite most of his bat breaking off and flying toward third . Enright then swung on a 55-foot pitch for strike three , but the ball bounded past catcher Wil Nieves , who turned to throw home instead of first	False
The Dodgers won a night after newly acquired Ted Lilly limited the Padres to just two hits over seven innings in a 2 - 1 win and retired his final 20 batters . Pitching with an extra day 's rest because of Lilly 's insertion into the Dodgers ' rotation , Padilla limited the Padres to just two walks -- one of them intentional -- through the first six . He wound up with a two - hitter , striking out nine and retiring 14 straight batters at one stretch . He also got two hits himself , including an RBI single during a five - run eighth	True
Pitching with an extra day 's rest because of Lilly 's insertion into the Dodgers ' rotation , Padilla limited the Padres to just two walks -- one of them intentional -- through the first six . He wound up with a two - hitter , striking out nine and retiring 14 straight batters at one stretch . He also got two hits himself , including an RBI single during a five - run eighth . First baseman James Loney , who was n't in the Dodgers ' starting lineup because left-hander Wade LeBlanc was pitching for San Diego , came in for defensive measures in the seventh	True
Shortly before game time , Martin was placed on the 15-day disabled list for the first time in five big league seasons because of a tear in his right hip . Podsednik hit a two - run single in the second	True
The crowd at Chase Field was announced at 15,670 . Arizona started playing in the National League in 1998 . Dunn , who played 44 games for Arizona in 2008 , hit a two - run shot in the first inning . He hit his 28th homer in the fourth	True
The crowd at Chase Field was announced at 15,670 . Arizona started playing in the National League in 1998 . Dunn , who played 44 games for Arizona in 2008 , hit a two - run shot in the first inning . He hit his 28th homer in the fourth , a solo drive . He added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Dunn , who played 44 games for Arizona in 2008 , hit a two - run shot in the first inning . He hit his 28th homer in the fourth , a solo drive . He added an RBI single in the seventh . Adam Kennedy drove in a pair of runs with a single in the third	True
Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) struck out the first two batters of the game , then gave up a double to Ryan Zimmerman and the homer by Dunn . Mike Morse hit a solo home run in the eighth	True
Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 9 ) struck out the first two batters of the game , then gave up a double to Ryan Zimmerman and the homer by Dunn . Mike Morse hit a solo home run in the eighth for the Nationals . Adam LaRoche hit his 17th home run in the eighth	True
New Diamondbacks outfielder Ryan Church , acquired from Pittsburgh in a trade July 31 , doubled in the second inning in his first at-bat with his new team . The Diamondbacks scored in the first	True
Colby Rasmus and Matt Holliday homered for the Cardinals , who will try to avoid getting swept by Houston for the second time at home this season behind 11-game winner Chris Carpenter on Wednesday night . The Astros have won five straight in St. Louis and have outscored the opposition 57 - 12 during their longest winning streak since an eight - gamer from Aug. 27 to Sept. 3 , 2008 . Houston had a five - run second	True
Colby Rasmus and Matt Holliday homered for the Cardinals , who will try to avoid getting swept by Houston for the second time at home this season behind 11-game winner Chris Carpenter on Wednesday night . The Astros have won five straight in St. Louis and have outscored the opposition 57 - 12 during their longest winning streak since an eight - gamer from Aug. 27 to Sept. 3 , 2008 . Houston had a five - run second against rookie Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) and scored four in the sixth	True
Colby Rasmus and Matt Holliday homered for the Cardinals , who will try to avoid getting swept by Houston for the second time at home this season behind 11-game winner Chris Carpenter on Wednesday night . The Astros have won five straight in St. Louis and have outscored the opposition 57 - 12 during their longest winning streak since an eight - gamer from Aug. 27 to Sept. 3 , 2008 . Houston had a five - run second against rookie Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) and scored four in the sixth , seventh	True
Colby Rasmus and Matt Holliday homered for the Cardinals , who will try to avoid getting swept by Houston for the second time at home this season behind 11-game winner Chris Carpenter on Wednesday night . The Astros have won five straight in St. Louis and have outscored the opposition 57 - 12 during their longest winning streak since an eight - gamer from Aug. 27 to Sept. 3 , 2008 . Houston had a five - run second against rookie Jaime Garcia ( 9 - 5 ) and scored four in the sixth , seventh and eighth	True
Chris Johnson had two hits and three RBIs and Pedro Feliz had three hits and two RBIs for the Astros , who were 13 for 19 with runners in scoring position . They missed the franchise record for runs by one and had a season-best 22 hits . Garcia , who leads NL rookies with nine wins , gave up eight runs and 10 hits in five innings . He missed his first shot at becoming the team 's first rookie to reach double figures in victories since 2002 , although only one run in the Astros ' five - run second	True
Just do n't ask Norris why . Sanchez , acquired from the Boston Red Sox on July 1 , had a two - run double in the second	True
Just do n't ask Norris why . Sanchez , acquired from the Boston Red Sox on July 1 , had a two - run double in the second and a three - run triple in the sixth	True
Just do n't ask Norris why . Sanchez , acquired from the Boston Red Sox on July 1 , had a two - run double in the second and a three - run triple in the sixth . He missed two chances for the cycle and a first career homer , hitting an RBI single in the seventh	True
Just do n't ask Norris why . Sanchez , acquired from the Boston Red Sox on July 1 , had a two - run double in the second and a three - run triple in the sixth . He missed two chances for the cycle and a first career homer , hitting an RBI single in the seventh but taking a called third strike with the bases loaded in the eighth	False
Sanchez , acquired from the Boston Red Sox on July 1 , had a two - run double in the second and a three - run triple in the sixth . He missed two chances for the cycle and a first career homer , hitting an RBI single in the seventh but taking a called third strike with the bases loaded in the eighth . Sanchez entered the game with eight RBIs in 83 at-bats and easily topped his previous best of two RBIs on July 31 against the Milwaukee Brewers . Rasmus hit his 18th homer with one out in the first	True
Rasmus hit his 18th homer with one out in the first . Allen Craig and Skip Schumaker had RBI singles in the fourth	True
Allen Craig and Skip Schumaker had RBI singles in the fourth to cut the Astros ' lead to 6 - 3 , with Albert Pujols running through third base coach Jose Oquendo 's stop sign on Schumaker 's hit and then scoring standing up on a wide throw to the plate by right fielder Hunter Pence . The Astros pounced on relievers Mitchell Boggs , Dennys Reyes and Mike MacDougal for 11 hits and 10 runs over the next three innings . Aaron Miles , who started at shortstop , pitched the ninth	True
The Astros pounced on relievers Mitchell Boggs , Dennys Reyes and Mike MacDougal for 11 hits and 10 runs over the next three innings . Aaron Miles , who started at shortstop , pitched the ninth and allowed a hit . But Miles ' throwing error opened the door for the Astros ' big second	True
Newcomers Jesse Chavez and Blanco , acquired in a trade from Atlanta just before Saturday 's deadline , both came up big for the Royals . Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first victory in the American League while Blanco singled and scored in the fifth	True
Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first victory in the American League while Blanco singled and scored in the fifth before driving in Gordon with the game winner . Mitch Maier and Yuniesky Betancourt added two hits apiece for the Royals , who snapped a four - game losing streak to the A 's . Joakim Soria followed Chavez and worked the ninth	True
The Royals bounced back after getting shut out by Oakland 's Trevor Cahill a day earlier and have won four of five following their five - game losing streak . Gordon hit a bouncing double past first baseman Daric Barton , who jumped in the air as the ball skipped past him into left field . Gordon was sacrificed to second	False
The Royals bounced back after getting shut out by Oakland 's Trevor Cahill a day earlier and have won four of five following their five - game losing streak . Gordon hit a bouncing double past first baseman Daric Barton , who jumped in the air as the ball skipped past him into left field . Gordon was sacrificed to second , and after Betancourt was intentionally walked , Blanco hit a sharp grounder to third	False
The Royals bounced back after getting shut out by Oakland 's Trevor Cahill a day earlier and have won four of five following their five - game losing streak . Gordon hit a bouncing double past first baseman Daric Barton , who jumped in the air as the ball skipped past him into left field . Gordon was sacrificed to second , and after Betancourt was intentionally walked , Blanco hit a sharp grounder to third off Craig Breslow ( 4 - 3 ) . Oakland 's Kevin Kouzmanoff fielded the ball and threw to second baseman Mark Ellis to retire Betancourt , but Ellis was unable to make the relay throw to first	False
Gordon hit a bouncing double past first baseman Daric Barton , who jumped in the air as the ball skipped past him into left field . Gordon was sacrificed to second , and after Betancourt was intentionally walked , Blanco hit a sharp grounder to third off Craig Breslow ( 4 - 3 ) . Oakland 's Kevin Kouzmanoff fielded the ball and threw to second baseman Mark Ellis to retire Betancourt , but Ellis was unable to make the relay throw to first as Gordon scored . Gordon 's homer in the second	True
Gordon hit a bouncing double past first baseman Daric Barton , who jumped in the air as the ball skipped past him into left field . Gordon was sacrificed to second , and after Betancourt was intentionally walked , Blanco hit a sharp grounder to third off Craig Breslow ( 4 - 3 ) . Oakland 's Kevin Kouzmanoff fielded the ball and threw to second baseman Mark Ellis to retire Betancourt , but Ellis was unable to make the relay throw to first as Gordon scored . Gordon 's homer in the second , a solo shot to center with one out , was his fourth overall and third	False
Gordon 's homer in the second , a solo shot to center with one out , was his fourth overall and third in five games after being recalled from the minors . Oakland scored an unearned run off Kansas City starter Kyle Davies in the fourth	True
Gordon 's homer in the second , a solo shot to center with one out , was his fourth overall and third in five games after being recalled from the minors . Oakland scored an unearned run off Kansas City starter Kyle Davies in the fourth , although the pitcher had only himself to blame . His errant pickoff attempt allowed Rajai Davis to move from first	False
Gordon 's homer in the second , a solo shot to center with one out , was his fourth overall and third in five games after being recalled from the minors . Oakland scored an unearned run off Kansas City starter Kyle Davies in the fourth , although the pitcher had only himself to blame . His errant pickoff attempt allowed Rajai Davis to move from first to third	False
Oakland scored an unearned run off Kansas City starter Kyle Davies in the fourth , although the pitcher had only himself to blame . His errant pickoff attempt allowed Rajai Davis to move from first to third with two outs . Davis then scored on Matt Watson 's line single to right . The A 's returned the favor in the fifth	True
Oakland scored an unearned run off Kansas City starter Kyle Davies in the fourth , although the pitcher had only himself to blame . His errant pickoff attempt allowed Rajai Davis to move from first to third with two outs . Davis then scored on Matt Watson 's line single to right . The A 's returned the favor in the fifth when third baseman Kouzmanoff threw wildly on Blanco 's infield single . Blanco raced to third	False
The A 's returned the favor in the fifth when third baseman Kouzmanoff threw wildly on Blanco 's infield single . Blanco raced to third on the error and scored on Chris Getz 's groundout . Oakland tied the game on Kurt Suzuki 's RBI double in the fifth	True
Oakland tied the game on Kurt Suzuki 's RBI double in the fifth but got only one hit the rest of the game . The Royals ran themselves out of a potentially big inning in the seventh	False
Oakland tied the game on Kurt Suzuki 's RBI double in the fifth but got only one hit the rest of the game . The Royals ran themselves out of a potentially big inning in the seventh . Maier hit a leadoff double and took third	False
The Royals ran themselves out of a potentially big inning in the seventh . Maier hit a leadoff double and took third on Betancourt 's single . When Blanco attempted to bunt , Oakland catcher Suzuki fielded the ball and caught Maier in a rundown . Maier ran back to third	False
Wainwright retired 10 in a row at one point and lowered his ERA to 2.19 . He improved to 7 - 2 against Pittsburgh and helped himself out with his bat . The right-hander 's two - strike , bloop hit to left-center brought in Colby Rasmus for a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Oakland started to piece together a few singles off Mariners starter Doug Fister , who allowed six runs on 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . Jeremy Hermida singled to lead off the fifth	True
Oakland started to piece together a few singles off Mariners starter Doug Fister , who allowed six runs on 13 hits in 5 1/3 innings . Jeremy Hermida singled to lead off the fifth , and Rajai Davis and Daric Barton both singled with two outs to load the bases before Fister ( 6 - 14 ) balked in a run . Mark Ellis singled to score Davis from third	False
Kevin Kouzmanoff singled to lead off the sixth inning , and Chris Carter homered to left field to give Oakland a 6 - 0 lead and chase Fister . Cliff Pennington and Davis singled off reliever Brian Sweeney to put runners on the corners . Davis then stole second base and an errant throw from catcher Moore went into center field , allowing Pennington to score from third	False
Pennington added a home run off Anthony Varvaro in the eighth inning to extend the lead to 8 - 0 . Seattle 's run scored in the eighth inning . Smoak singled and advanced to second	False
Wilton Lopez relieved with a runner on base and struck out pinch-hitter Jay Bruce , whose game-ending home run Tuesday night clinched Cincinnati 's division title . Fernando Abad pitched a perfect eighth	True
Wilton Lopez relieved with a runner on base and struck out pinch-hitter Jay Bruce , whose game-ending home run Tuesday night clinched Cincinnati 's division title . Fernando Abad pitched a perfect eighth and Brandon Lyon allowed a single in the ninth	True
The Reds went into the game with the fourth-best record among the five teams that either had clinched playoff berths or were still in contention . They were a game behind the San Francisco Giants in the race for the second-best record . Cincinnati , the league leader in most of the key hitting categories , was shut out for the 13th time this season . The shutout win was Houston 's 10th	False
Cincinnati , the league leader in most of the key hitting categories , was shut out for the 13th time this season . The shutout win was Houston 's 10th . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Cincinnati , the league leader in most of the key hitting categories , was shut out for the 13th time this season . The shutout win was Houston 's 10th . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on doubles by former Red Jeff Keppinger and Lee . They widened their lead to 2 - 0 in the seventh	True
Cincinnati , the league leader in most of the key hitting categories , was shut out for the 13th time this season . The shutout win was Houston 's 10th . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on doubles by former Red Jeff Keppinger and Lee . They widened their lead to 2 - 0 in the seventh when Lee led off with a single and moved to second	False
Cincinnati , the league leader in most of the key hitting categories , was shut out for the 13th time this season . The shutout win was Houston 's 10th . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on doubles by former Red Jeff Keppinger and Lee . They widened their lead to 2 - 0 in the seventh when Lee led off with a single and moved to second on Chris Johnson 's sharp one - hopper off Cueto 's left ankle . Lee continued to third	False
Chacin struck out seven in five innings , giving him 138 strikeouts for the season and a record for a Rockies rookie . He broke the mark of 134 set by Shawn Chacon in 2001 . But after going 4 - 1 with a 1.20 ERA in his previous seven starts and allowing three runs or fewer in all of them , Chacin failed to win his 10th game . Chacin allowed seven runs in five innings , but all five in the third	True
Kemp drove Chacin 's 1 - 0 fastball into the seats in right field . The Dodgers added a run in the fourth	True
Kemp drove Chacin 's 1 - 0 fastball into the seats in right field . The Dodgers added a run in the fourth on Hu 's sacrifice fly , scoring Reed Johnson , who led off with a double . Los Angeles made it 7 - 3 in the fifth	False
The Dodgers added a run in the fourth on Hu 's sacrifice fly , scoring Reed Johnson , who led off with a double . Los Angeles made it 7 - 3 in the fifth when Oeltjen was hit by a pitch , moved up on catcher Miguel Olivo 's throwing error and scored on Loney 's single . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when center fielder Kemp broke in a couple steps on a fly ball by Troy Tulowitzki , who wound up with a triple and scored on Todd Helton 's sacrifice fly . Tulowitzki went 4 for 4 with a walk and scored four times . Olivo led off the third	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when center fielder Kemp broke in a couple steps on a fly ball by Troy Tulowitzki , who wound up with a triple and scored on Todd Helton 's sacrifice fly . Tulowitzki went 4 for 4 with a walk and scored four times . Olivo led off the third with his 14th home run and first	False
Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) won in relief of starter Carlos Monasterios , who pitched 4 2/3 innings . Down 7 - 5 , the Rockies loaded the bases with two out in the seventh	True
Down 7 - 5 , the Rockies loaded the bases with two out in the seventh , but Jeff Weaver relieved George Sherrill and got pinch-hitter Melvin Mora to fly out on the first pitch . The Rockies scored a run in the ninth	True
Down 7 - 5 , the Rockies loaded the bases with two out in the seventh , but Jeff Weaver relieved George Sherrill and got pinch-hitter Melvin Mora to fly out on the first pitch . The Rockies scored a run in the ninth , but the game ended on Olivo 's soft lineout with runners on second	False
Down 7 - 5 , the Rockies loaded the bases with two out in the seventh , but Jeff Weaver relieved George Sherrill and got pinch-hitter Melvin Mora to fly out on the first pitch . The Rockies scored a run in the ninth , but the game ended on Olivo 's soft lineout with runners on second and third	False
They 've now lost eight of nine , including four of the first five on this crucial homestand . They almost found a way in Tuesday 's game . They had a man on first	False
They 've now lost eight of nine , including four of the first five on this crucial homestand . They almost found a way in Tuesday 's game . They had a man on first and Tulowitzki , their hottest hitter , at the plate with two outs in the ninth	True
Los Angeles , which was eliminated from the race already , has played spoiler by beating the Rockies three straight . The Dodgers blew a four - run lead Tuesday , but came back in the eighth	True
The Dodgers blew a four - run lead Tuesday , but came back in the eighth off reliever Octavio Dotel ( 3 - 4 ) . A. J. Ellis doubled to lead off and Furcal tripled home pinch-runner Chin-lung Hu to make it 7 - 6 . One batter later , Andre Ethier 's sacrifice fly gave L. A. a two - run lead . The Rockies got one back on Chris Iannetta 's bases-loaded walk in the eighth	True
The Dodgers blew a four - run lead Tuesday , but came back in the eighth off reliever Octavio Dotel ( 3 - 4 ) . A. J. Ellis doubled to lead off and Furcal tripled home pinch-runner Chin-lung Hu to make it 7 - 6 . One batter later , Andre Ethier 's sacrifice fly gave L. A. a two - run lead . The Rockies got one back on Chris Iannetta 's bases-loaded walk in the eighth , but Ryan Spilborghs struck out to end the inning . Blake hit his second homer , and 17th of the season , leading off the ninth	True
The Rockies got one back on Chris Iannetta 's bases-loaded walk in the eighth , but Ryan Spilborghs struck out to end the inning . Blake hit his second homer , and 17th of the season , leading off the ninth to restore the two - run lead . Down 6 - 2 after James Loney 's solo homer in the top of the seventh	False
Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) got the win , pitching two - thirds of an inning . The Dodgers jumped on starter Jeff Francis in the third	True
Francis allowed five runs , four earned and six hits , striking out just one in three innings . It was the third consecutive short start for Francis since coming off the disabled list on Sept. 13 . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Lilly ( 9 - 12 ) was dominant . He had the Rockies either chasing his offspeed pitches or frozen by his deceptive fastballs . He walked two , and of his eight strikeouts , five were called . Hong-Chih Kuo pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hong-Chih Kuo pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . The Dodgers loaded the bases in the first	True
The Dodgers loaded the bases in the first on a bloop leadoff single by Rafael Furcal and two four - pitch walks . Blake 's two - out comebacker struck Jimenez on his right foot and ricocheted over Tulowitzki 's head , allowing two runs to score . The Dodgers added a run in the ninth	True
The Dodgers added a run in the ninth when A. J. Ellis ' line drive went off second baseman Clint Barmes ' glove for an RBI single . Lilly , who did n't give up a hit until Gonzalez deposited his knee-high fastball in the center field rock pile in the fourth	True
Lilly , who did n't give up a hit until Gonzalez deposited his knee-high fastball in the center field rock pile in the fourth for his 34th homer , said he made sure to release his curveball down in the zone because it has a tendency to stay up at altitude . None bigger than the unassisted double play by first baseman James Loney in the eighth	True
Brewers manager Ken Macha believes both players could benefit from more work in the bullpen next season before being strongly considered full-time starters . Rogers also collected his first hit in his first career at-bat in the third	True
Rogers ' career has been slowed by two shoulder surgeries . The 24-year-old right-hander was drafted ahead of second-round pick Yovani Gallardo , the Brewers ' ace who signed a $ 30.1 million contract extension in April . Braun doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Morrison 's streak tied the longest in the majors this season and was the longest by a rookie in Marlins history . Florida had just one hit through the first six innings before breaking through in the seventh	True
Pettitte was chased in the fourth inning Friday night , ineffective in his second start since being activated from the disabled list , and the Boston Red Sox held off New York 10 - 8 to knock the Yankees out of first place in the AL East . Jed Lowrie hit a three - run homer off Pettitte and went 4 for 4 , setting a career high for hits . Bill Hall added a three - run shot against Jonathan Albaladejo , handing Josh Beckett a 10 - 1 cushion in the fifth	True
The Yankees had a 2 1/2-game edge in the division after beating Tampa Bay on Tuesday night . Since then , they 've allowed 27 runs in three days to the Rays and Red Sox . Teixeira hit a solo shot and Rodriguez walked with two outs in the ninth	True
Teixeira , Rodriguez , Curtis Granderson and Nick Swisher all homered off Beckett , who entered 0 - 2 with an 11.17 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this year . Rodriguez 's second homer , off reliever Scott Atchison , cut it to 10 - 7 in the seventh	True
Teixeira , Rodriguez , Curtis Granderson and Nick Swisher all homered off Beckett , who entered 0 - 2 with an 11.17 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this year . Rodriguez 's second homer , off reliever Scott Atchison , cut it to 10 - 7 in the seventh and got the sellout crowd of 49,457 buzzing . But the Red Sox bullpen closed it out , with Josh Bard tossing a scoreless eighth	True
Rodriguez 's second homer , off reliever Scott Atchison , cut it to 10 - 7 in the seventh and got the sellout crowd of 49,457 buzzing . But the Red Sox bullpen closed it out , with Josh Bard tossing a scoreless eighth and Papelbon earning his 37th save in 44 attempts . Marco Scutaro ended Pettitte 's night with a two - run single that capped a four - run fourth	True
Yankees reliever Javier Vazquez tied a big league record by hitting three straight batters in the seventh inning as the Rays added two runs without getting a hit . Dodgers right-hander Jeff Weaver was the last do it , nailing three Atlanta Braves on Aug. 21 , 2004 . With the game out of hand -- and maybe concerned about retribution -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi emptied his bench for the eighth inning . He even gave up the designated hitter spot , which would have put Vazquez up eighth	True
In the sequel , neither was as sharp . Sabathia took a 3 - 1 lead into the sixth	True
Sabathia gave up a season-high seven runs in 5 1/3 innings , his shortest outing since going five innings against the Mets on May 23 . Price gave up a long two - run homer to Marcus Thames in the second	True
Sabathia gave up a season-high seven runs in 5 1/3 innings , his shortest outing since going five innings against the Mets on May 23 . Price gave up a long two - run homer to Marcus Thames in the second to break the string of zeros between aces . Ben Zobrist had an RBI single in the third	True
Price gave up a long two - run homer to Marcus Thames in the second to break the string of zeros between aces . Ben Zobrist had an RBI single in the third to snap Sabathia 's run . The Yankees went up 3 - 1 in the fifth	False
Price left after six innings . He allowed three runs on eight hits and four walks . He struck out seven . In Vazquez 's wild seventh	True
Craig Stammen , Drew Storen and Collin Balester each worked a scoreless inning for the Nationals . Morse led off the second	True
Morse led off the second with his 13th home run . Washington scored four times in the sixth	True
Washington scored four times in the sixth off Nelson Figueroa ( 5 - 4 ) when Morse hit a two - run double and Bernadina hit his 11th homer of the year . Morse has five hits in six at-bats against Figueroa . Espinosa hit his sixth homer , a two - run shot , his second	False
Washington scored four times in the sixth off Nelson Figueroa ( 5 - 4 ) when Morse hit a two - run double and Bernadina hit his 11th homer of the year . Morse has five hits in six at-bats against Figueroa . Espinosa hit his sixth homer , a two - run shot , his second in as many days , in the seventh	True
Jeff Keppinger had three hits for Houston , losers of three in a row for the first time since early August . The Astros scored in the first	True
Jeff Keppinger had three hits for Houston , losers of three in a row for the first time since early August . The Astros scored in the first when Jason Bourgeois led off with a single , stole second	False
The Astros scored in the first when Jason Bourgeois led off with a single , stole second and Keppinger doubled . A single by Keppinger set up Hunter Pence 's infield hit for Houston 's other run in the fifth	True
Jim Thome hit a solo homer and Danny Valencia had two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who got manager Ron Gardenhire his 800th career win despite being stymied by Indians starter Fausto Carmona for the first five innings . The big lefty gave up the solo homer to Thome in the second inning , but was breezing through the Twins lineup for the second time in his last three starts before running into trouble in the sixth	True
He walked Thome and gave up a single to Delmon Young before Valencia chased him with an RBI single to cut the deficit to 4 - 2 . Carmona gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Twins trailed the Indians 4 - 2 in the eighth	True
That made this night , complete with his career-best 10th homer , extra special for the young outfielder . Snider lined out sharply to second	False
That made this night , complete with his career-best 10th homer , extra special for the young outfielder . Snider lined out sharply to second in the first	True
That made this night , complete with his career-best 10th homer , extra special for the young outfielder . Snider lined out sharply to second in the first and came up empty after making solid contact again in the second	True
Snider lined out sharply to second in the first and came up empty after making solid contact again in the second , hitting it straight to left fielder Ryan Langerhans . No one could catch Snider 's drive in the fourth	True
Left-hander Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time since an Aug. 13 road victory over the Los Angeles Angels . Rzepczynski , who had not won in six starts , walked three and matched a season-high with eight strikeouts . Shawn Camp got two outs in the seventh	True
Left-hander Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time since an Aug. 13 road victory over the Los Angeles Angels . Rzepczynski , who had not won in six starts , walked three and matched a season-high with eight strikeouts . Shawn Camp got two outs in the seventh , Scott Downs pitched the eighth	True
Left-hander Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time since an Aug. 13 road victory over the Los Angeles Angels . Rzepczynski , who had not won in six starts , walked three and matched a season-high with eight strikeouts . Shawn Camp got two outs in the seventh , Scott Downs pitched the eighth and Kevin Gregg earned his 34th save in 39 chances despite allowing Chone Figgins ' RBI single in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays had homered in 19 consecutive games before losing 6 - 0 at Boston on Sunday . They got back to swinging for the fences against the Mariners , the worst team the American League . Wells hit a two - run drive into the second deck in left in the first	True
The Blue Jays had homered in 19 consecutive games before losing 6 - 0 at Boston on Sunday . They got back to swinging for the fences against the Mariners , the worst team the American League . Wells hit a two - run drive into the second deck in left in the first , his 28th , Encarnacion hit a solo drive down the left field line in the second	True
The Blue Jays had homered in 19 consecutive games before losing 6 - 0 at Boston on Sunday . They got back to swinging for the fences against the Mariners , the worst team the American League . Wells hit a two - run drive into the second deck in left in the first , his 28th , Encarnacion hit a solo drive down the left field line in the second , his 15th	False
The Blue Jays had homered in 19 consecutive games before losing 6 - 0 at Boston on Sunday . They got back to swinging for the fences against the Mariners , the worst team the American League . Wells hit a two - run drive into the second deck in left in the first , his 28th , Encarnacion hit a solo drive down the left field line in the second , his 15th , and Snider drilled a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista , who leads the majors with 49 homers , went 2 for 4 with a single and a double but remains one shy of baseball 's first 50-homer season since 2007 . Lopez drove in Suzuki with an RBI single in the first	True
Lopez drove in Suzuki with an RBI single in the first , but Wells followed Bautista 's single with a drive to left in the bottom half . Encarnacion led off the second	True
Lopez drove in Suzuki with an RBI single in the first , but Wells followed Bautista 's single with a drive to left in the bottom half . Encarnacion led off the second with a drive that scraped over the wall in left , and Snider 's blast in the fourth made it 5 - 1 before Lopez singled home Suzuki again in the fifth	True
Baltimore tied the season series 8-all after going just 6 - 28 against the Red Sox since May 30 , 2008 . The Orioles regained the lead for the third time in the seventh	True
The hard-throwing Bard had Wigginton with two strikes , but could n't get the key out . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect ninth	True
Boston reliever Hideki Okajima worked a scoreless inning in his 51st appearance . He 's only the second Red Sox pitcher ever to reach 50 or more outings in his first four seasons . The late Dick Radatz did from it 1962 - 65 . Martinez 's throwing error allowed Matt Wieters to score on a potential inning-ending double play grounder , pushing the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Boston reliever Hideki Okajima worked a scoreless inning in his 51st appearance . He 's only the second Red Sox pitcher ever to reach 50 or more outings in his first four seasons . The late Dick Radatz did from it 1962 - 65 . Martinez 's throwing error allowed Matt Wieters to score on a potential inning-ending double play grounder , pushing the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth . With runners on first	False
Boston reliever Hideki Okajima worked a scoreless inning in his 51st appearance . He 's only the second Red Sox pitcher ever to reach 50 or more outings in his first four seasons . The late Dick Radatz did from it 1962 - 65 . Martinez 's throwing error allowed Matt Wieters to score on a potential inning-ending double play grounder , pushing the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth . With runners on first and second	False
Boston reliever Hideki Okajima worked a scoreless inning in his 51st appearance . He 's only the second Red Sox pitcher ever to reach 50 or more outings in his first four seasons . The late Dick Radatz did from it 1962 - 65 . Martinez 's throwing error allowed Matt Wieters to score on a potential inning-ending double play grounder , pushing the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth . With runners on first and second , Martinez fielded Cesar Izturis ' grounder and fired the ball into the outfield , attempting to force Felix Pie at second	False
Boston reliever Hideki Okajima worked a scoreless inning in his 51st appearance . He 's only the second Red Sox pitcher ever to reach 50 or more outings in his first four seasons . The late Dick Radatz did from it 1962 - 65 . Martinez 's throwing error allowed Matt Wieters to score on a potential inning-ending double play grounder , pushing the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth . With runners on first and second , Martinez fielded Cesar Izturis ' grounder and fired the ball into the outfield , attempting to force Felix Pie at second . Left fielder Bill Hall threw out Pie at third	False
Boston reliever Hideki Okajima worked a scoreless inning in his 51st appearance . He 's only the second Red Sox pitcher ever to reach 50 or more outings in his first four seasons . The late Dick Radatz did from it 1962 - 65 . Martinez 's throwing error allowed Matt Wieters to score on a potential inning-ending double play grounder , pushing the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth . With runners on first and second , Martinez fielded Cesar Izturis ' grounder and fired the ball into the outfield , attempting to force Felix Pie at second . Left fielder Bill Hall threw out Pie at third on the play -- his second outfield assist in three outs . Hall also cut down Roberts at the plate for the final out of the third	True
Martinez 's throwing error allowed Matt Wieters to score on a potential inning-ending double play grounder , pushing the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth . With runners on first and second , Martinez fielded Cesar Izturis ' grounder and fired the ball into the outfield , attempting to force Felix Pie at second . Left fielder Bill Hall threw out Pie at third on the play -- his second outfield assist in three outs . Hall also cut down Roberts at the plate for the final out of the third . Hall 's RBI single off reliever Hernandez tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
Roberts opened the game with a single before scoring on Wieters ' sacrifice fly to make it 1 - 0 . Martinez 's RBI tied it in the bottom of the inning . Matusz worked out of a first	True
After the game , Rhymes found a bottle of champagne in his locker , courtesy of teammate Brandon Inge . Avila finished the scoring with a solo homer in the eighth	True
Brad Thomas ( 6 - 2 ) earned the win with 1 2/3 innings of shutout relief . Tigers starter Rick Porcello gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings . With closer Jose Valverde still unavailable due to elbow soreness , Ryan Perry and Phil Coke split the ninth	True
Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) could n't take advantage of an unusual amount of run support , giving up six runs -- five earned -- on eight hits and two walks in six innings . Detroit built an early 4 - 0 lead against Greinke . Ramon Santiago provided the first run with an RBI single in the second	True
Greinke ( 9 - 13 ) could n't take advantage of an unusual amount of run support , giving up six runs -- five earned -- on eight hits and two walks in six innings . Detroit built an early 4 - 0 lead against Greinke . Ramon Santiago provided the first run with an RBI single in the second before the Tigers added three in the third	True
Johnny Damon , Don Kelly and Miguel Cabrera started the inning with singles , the last driving in a run , and Avila added a two - run single . The Royals , though , went ahead with five runs in the fifth	True
Wilson Betemit then beat out an infield single , allowing Gregor Blanco to score the fifth run . In the seventh	True
Weaver ( 13 - 11 ) allowed three runs and nine hits over 6 2/3 innings . Despite his won-lost record , which has been undermined by a severe lack of run support , the right-hander is having his best season statistically . He has a 2.99 ERA and 220 strikeouts , second-most in the majors behind Felix Hernandez ( 222 ) . Los Angeles got RBI doubles from Jeff Mathis , Howie Kendrick and Bobby Abreu in the fourth	True
David Murphy tied a career high with five hits in five at-bats , and Chris Davis delivered the first pinch-hit homer of the season for the Rangers . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Murphy tied a career high with five hits in five at-bats , and Chris Davis delivered the first pinch-hit homer of the season for the Rangers . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save after Davis homered in the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Scott Sizemore connected for a three - run homer in the eighth inning Saturday , lifting Verlander and the Detroit Tigers over the Chicago White Sox 6 - 3 . Chicago lost its fifth	False
Chicago lost its fifth in a row and dropped 10 games behind Minnesota in the AL Central . The Twins ' magic number was cut to five . Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) pitched a six - hitter and struck out eight . He struggled in only one inning , giving up three runs in the fifth	True
Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) pitched a six - hitter and struck out eight . He struggled in only one inning , giving up three runs in the fifth . Sizemore , batting for starting second baseman Will Rhymes , hit a tiebreaking home run with two outs . Reliever Sergio Santos ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two singles in the eighth	True
`` Coming off the bench is n't always the easiest thing , '' he added . `` You just have to be ready for the fastball and all I was trying to do was put the barrel on it . '' Ryan Raburn hit a two - run single in the first	True
Ryan Raburn hit a two - run single in the first to give Detroit a lead it would not relinquish . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , the Tigers added a run on Rhymes ' two - out double down the right field line that scored third baseman Brandon Inge . Verlander breezed through the first four innings , giving up just two hits . But in the fifth	True
Rookie third baseman Brent Morel doubled to right and scored on Mark Teahen 's ground-rule double down the left field line . Teahen reached third	False
Rookie third baseman Brent Morel doubled to right and scored on Mark Teahen 's ground-rule double down the left field line . Teahen reached third on Brent Lillibridge 's single to right and scored when leadoff batter Juan Pierre hit into a fielder 's choice forcing Lillibridge at second	False
Kendrick received plenty of support as the Phillies banged out 12 hits . Ibanez had three hits , Wilson Valdez went 3 for 4 with a pair of doubles and an RBI , and Shane Victorino also had two hits and increased his hitting streak to 11 games . The Nationals threatened in the eighth	True
The Nationals threatened in the eighth , loading the bases with one out but reliever Ryan Madson got Wilson Ramos to line to left and then struck out Willie Harris to retire the side . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth	True
Werth evened the score in the second inning by leading off with a homer to left before Valdez put the Phillies ahead for good with a double to left that scored Ibanez . Philadelphia added three runs in the third	True
Two batters later , Ibanez homered to the opposite field to make it 5 - 1 . Washington got a run back in the sixth	True
Will Venable and David Eckstein had three hits and an RBI apiece for the Padres , who have n't won in St. Louis since Aug. 7 , 2007 . Ludwick and pinch-hitter Matt Stairs hit back-to-back homers off Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) , who had n't allowed a run in eight straight outings but faltered in his second inning after working a scoreless eighth	True
Will Venable and David Eckstein had three hits and an RBI apiece for the Padres , who have n't won in St. Louis since Aug. 7 , 2007 . Ludwick and pinch-hitter Matt Stairs hit back-to-back homers off Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) , who had n't allowed a run in eight straight outings but faltered in his second inning after working a scoreless eighth . It was Ludwick 's 20th homer , and fifth	False
Chris Young allowed a run on four hits in four innings in his first start since the second game of the season . Out with a strained right shoulder , Young was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list and threw 69 pitches but confessed to too much nervous energy . Venable , Miguel Tejada and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI apiece in a three - run , six - hit seventh	True
Venable , Miguel Tejada and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI apiece in a three - run , six - hit seventh against three relievers to put San Diego ahead 4 - 2 . Left fielder Matt Holliday saved a fourth run when he threw out Tejada trying to score on Ludwick 's single , Holliday 's team-leading seventh assist of the season . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the seventh	False
Venable , Miguel Tejada and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI apiece in a three - run , six - hit seventh against three relievers to put San Diego ahead 4 - 2 . Left fielder Matt Holliday saved a fourth run when he threw out Tejada trying to score on Ludwick 's single , Holliday 's team-leading seventh assist of the season . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the seventh on singles by Colby Rasmus and Pedro Feliz , the first	False
Venable , Miguel Tejada and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI apiece in a three - run , six - hit seventh against three relievers to put San Diego ahead 4 - 2 . Left fielder Matt Holliday saved a fourth run when he threw out Tejada trying to score on Ludwick 's single , Holliday 's team-leading seventh assist of the season . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the seventh on singles by Colby Rasmus and Pedro Feliz , the first off Luke Gregerson and the second	False
Kyle Lohse ( 4 - 7 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings for St. Louis . He underwent surgery for a nerve compression problem in his right forearm earlier in the season and spent 84 days on the disabled list . Molina highlighted a five - run outburst in the second	True
Kyle Lohse ( 4 - 7 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings for St. Louis . He underwent surgery for a nerve compression problem in his right forearm earlier in the season and spent 84 days on the disabled list . Molina highlighted a five - run outburst in the second with a bases-loaded single that brought in two runs and pushed the lead to 7 - 2 . His double in the opening inning put St. Louis up 3 - 1 . Molina , who tied a career high with his four hits , added a run-scoring double in the fourth	True
Kyle Lohse ( 4 - 7 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings for St. Louis . He underwent surgery for a nerve compression problem in his right forearm earlier in the season and spent 84 days on the disabled list . Molina highlighted a five - run outburst in the second with a bases-loaded single that brought in two runs and pushed the lead to 7 - 2 . His double in the opening inning put St. Louis up 3 - 1 . Molina , who tied a career high with his four hits , added a run-scoring double in the fourth and an RBI single in the sixth	False
Molina highlighted a five - run outburst in the second with a bases-loaded single that brought in two runs and pushed the lead to 7 - 2 . His double in the opening inning put St. Louis up 3 - 1 . Molina , who tied a career high with his four hits , added a run-scoring double in the fourth and an RBI single in the sixth . Holliday hit his 27th homer , a solo shot , off Wade LeBlanc in the sixth	True
Holliday hit his 27th homer , a solo shot , off Wade LeBlanc in the sixth . Miguel Tejada hit his 299th career homer in the first	True
Miguel Tejada hit his 299th career homer in the first to give San Diego a 1 - 0 lead . Cardinals closer Ryan Franklin returned to the team and gave up a solo homer to Chase Headley in the ninth	True
BALTIMORE -- Alex Rodriguez 's big blast gave the New York Yankees a bigger lift . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , his second	False
Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , his second of the game , and the New York Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night to move back into first place in the AL East . Trailing 3 - 1 , Jorge Posada led off the ninth	True
Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , his second of the game , and the New York Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night to move back into first place in the AL East . Trailing 3 - 1 , Jorge Posada led off the ninth with a single off Koji Uehara ( 1 - 2 ) , prevailing in an 11-pitch at-bat , and went to second	False
The Yankees posted their 46th come-from-behind victory of the season and improved to 2 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . They moved back into first place in the division , one - half game ahead of Tampa Bay , which lost 4 - 3 to Los Angeles on Friday . David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) worked a scoreless eighth	True
Burnett , however , would n't address the crescent-shaped , purple bruise beneath his right eye -- other than to say it was n't baseball-related . Baltimore wasted a nice start by Kevin Millwood , who allowed a run and five hits over seven innings , walking four and striking out six . He wiggled out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam after Rodriguez 's solo homer in the second	True
Rodriguez led off the second inning with his 24th homer , connecting to left-center on an 0 - 1 pitch . The Orioles tied the game in the third	True
Rodriguez led off the second inning with his 24th homer , connecting to left-center on an 0 - 1 pitch . The Orioles tied the game in the third when Cesar Izturis was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
Rodriguez led off the second inning with his 24th homer , connecting to left-center on an 0 - 1 pitch . The Orioles tied the game in the third when Cesar Izturis was hit by a pitch , stole second , moved to third	False
The Orioles tied the game in the third when Cesar Izturis was hit by a pitch , stole second , moved to third on Brian Roberts ' groundout and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis . Jones hit a one - out solo shot to center to make it 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Jones hit a one - out solo shot to center to make it 2 - 1 in the fourth . It was his 19th homer , matching a career high . In the seventh	True
Jones hit a one - out solo shot to center to make it 2 - 1 in the fourth . It was his 19th homer , matching a career high . In the seventh , Andino hit a line-drive homer to left , his first	False
Alfonso Soriano and Geovany Soto each hit an RBI double for the Cubs ( 66 - 81 ) , who matched their season best with their fourth consecutive victory . Carlos Marmol worked out of a jam in the ninth	True
Dempster ( 14 - 10 ) allowed three hits and walked three in his fifth consecutive road victory . He has tossed seven shutout innings in each of his last two starts . The Marlins ' best opportunity to score against Dempster came in the seventh	True
Dempster ( 14 - 10 ) allowed three hits and walked three in his fifth consecutive road victory . He has tossed seven shutout innings in each of his last two starts . The Marlins ' best opportunity to score against Dempster came in the seventh . Mike Stanton reached on a two - base error by Castro to start the inning and moved up on Cameron Maybin 's single . Maybin then stole second	False
Dempster responded by retiring the next three batters , including back-to-back strikeouts against Wes Helms and Emilio Bonifacio to end the inning . Florida put runners on first	False
Dempster responded by retiring the next three batters , including back-to-back strikeouts against Wes Helms and Emilio Bonifacio to end the inning . Florida put runners on first and second	False
Dempster responded by retiring the next three batters , including back-to-back strikeouts against Wes Helms and Emilio Bonifacio to end the inning . Florida put runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Florida put runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Sean Marshall got Chad Tracy to hit into a fielder 's choice and struck out Stanton to end the threat . Soriano drove in Soto in the second	True
Florida put runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Sean Marshall got Chad Tracy to hit into a fielder 's choice and struck out Stanton to end the threat . Soriano drove in Soto in the second when left fielder Morrison lost his hit in the lights , and Soto chased Alex Sanabia ( 4 - 3 ) with his two - out RBI double in the sixth	True
Last Saturday , he allowed only one hit in seven shutout innings against Pittsburgh . He gave up six hits and three runs in 6 2/3 innings against Arizona , throwing a pair of wild pitches . He also fanned seven , although that was n't so noteworthy -- the Diamondbacks are about to break the major league record for strikeouts in a season . Volquez walked the first two batters to open the fifth	True
Lopez was 0 - 7 with a 6.53 ERA in his last 11 starts . He allowed only a first-inning run -- Drew Stubbs singled and scored when Gomes ' fly to center went off Chris Young 's glove on the warning track , dropping for a double . Lopez pitched out of scoring threats in the fourth	True
Lopez was 0 - 7 with a 6.53 ERA in his last 11 starts . He allowed only a first-inning run -- Drew Stubbs singled and scored when Gomes ' fly to center went off Chris Young 's glove on the warning track , dropping for a double . Lopez pitched out of scoring threats in the fourth and fifth innings against the NL 's most prolific offense . Juan Gutierrez pitched the ninth	True
Martinez made a couple of big throws from behind the plate and hit a two - run double to help the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Wednesday night , completing a three - game series sweep . Seattle had a 1 - 0 lead and runners on second	False
Martinez made a couple of big throws from behind the plate and hit a two - run double to help the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Wednesday night , completing a three - game series sweep . Seattle had a 1 - 0 lead and runners on second and third	False
Martinez made a couple of big throws from behind the plate and hit a two - run double to help the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Wednesday night , completing a three - game series sweep . Seattle had a 1 - 0 lead and runners on second and third with no outs in the second	True
Martinez made a couple of big throws from behind the plate and hit a two - run double to help the Boston Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 1 on Wednesday night , completing a three - game series sweep . Seattle had a 1 - 0 lead and runners on second and third with no outs in the second when Martinez made a nice throw to Adrian Beltre to pick off Casey Kotchman at third	False
David Pauley ( 2 - 8 ) tossed six strong innings for the Mariners , who have lost seven straight . The right-hander gave up two runs , one earned , and six hits . Martinez also threw out Chone Figgins trying to swipe second	False
Martinez also threw out Chone Figgins trying to swipe second in the third inning , denying him his 40th stolen base , as the Red Sox moved within six games of the AL wild card-leading Yankees . But it was the play at third	False
`` Whether it 's a sense of urgency or what it might be , we 're not getting it done in those situations . '' Michael Saunders walked after Kotchman was cut down , but Buchholz got Adam Moore and Chris Woodward to ground out to end the inning . He did not allow a hit after Figgins ' two - out single in the third	True
Michael Saunders walked after Kotchman was cut down , but Buchholz got Adam Moore and Chris Woodward to ground out to end the inning . He did not allow a hit after Figgins ' two - out single in the third . Beltre hit his 28th homer in the fourth	True
Michael Saunders walked after Kotchman was cut down , but Buchholz got Adam Moore and Chris Woodward to ground out to end the inning . He did not allow a hit after Figgins ' two - out single in the third . Beltre hit his 28th homer in the fourth and the Red Sox grabbed the lead in the sixth	True
Michael Saunders walked after Kotchman was cut down , but Buchholz got Adam Moore and Chris Woodward to ground out to end the inning . He did not allow a hit after Figgins ' two - out single in the third . Beltre hit his 28th homer in the fourth and the Red Sox grabbed the lead in the sixth , taking advantage of an error by second baseman Figgins . With two out and David Ortiz on third	False
Beltre swung so hard on his two - out drive that he dropped to one knee and rested there momentarily to watch the ball sail into the second deck in left field . It traveled an estimated 391 feet . Martinez hit his two - run double in the seventh	True
Beltre swung so hard on his two - out drive that he dropped to one knee and rested there momentarily to watch the ball sail into the second deck in left field . It traveled an estimated 391 feet . Martinez hit his two - run double in the seventh against Ryan Rowland-Smith , and Ryan Kalish tripled in Marco Scutaro in the eighth	False
Jorge Posada led off the 10th inning with a pinch-hit homer , and the Yankees ended a season-high four - game skid to pull ahead of the Rays by one half-game . The teams play five more times over the next nine days . Robinson Cano and Alex Rodriguez also homered for the Yankees , who squandered a six - run lead before tying it at 7 in the sixth	True
The Rays erased a 6 - 0 deficit with a seven - run fifth inning that Willy Aybar finished with a three - run , pinch-hit homer off Boone Logan . Slumping slugger Carlos Pena began the rally with his first homer since Aug. 30 . David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched the ninth	True
`` I 've been saying all along it 's going to go back and forth , '' Maddon added of the race for the division title . `` There 's no reason to believe any of these games will be easy . '' Cano hit a two - run homer off Rays starter Matt Garza in the third	True
`` I 've been saying all along it 's going to go back and forth , '' Maddon added of the race for the division title . `` There 's no reason to believe any of these games will be easy . '' Cano hit a two - run homer off Rays starter Matt Garza in the third and delivered his game-tying double off Jeremy Hellickson . Rodriguez also went deep against Garza , hitting his 606th career homer in the fifth	True
Cano hit a two - run homer off Rays starter Matt Garza in the third and delivered his game-tying double off Jeremy Hellickson . Rodriguez also went deep against Garza , hitting his 606th career homer in the fifth . Rodriguez also had a RBI single in the third	True
Rodriguez also had a RBI single in the third before scoring on Cano 's 27th homer of the season . Cano 's run-scoring double in the sixth gave the All-Star second baseman a career-best 98 RBIs . The Rays threatened in the 10th	True
Rodriguez also had a RBI single in the third before scoring on Cano 's 27th homer of the season . Cano 's run-scoring double in the sixth gave the All-Star second baseman a career-best 98 RBIs . The Rays threatened in the 10th with Carl Crawford reaching on a broken bat single and stealing second	False
Yankees starter Ivan Nova limited the Rays to Carl Crawford 's first-inning single and a pair of walks until Pena began Tampa Bay 's big inning with his 27th homer . John Jaso , Evan Longoria and Joyce followed with RBI singles before the second pinch-hit homer of Aybar 's career . Nova , who allowed six of eight batters to reach base in the fifth	True
The Padres led the division by six games two weeks ago , but it 's been a struggle since . Losers of three of their previous four , they entered the night percentage points ahead of the Giants and were in danger of falling out of at least a share of the NL West lead for the first time since June 16 . Tejada made sure that did n't happen , hitting a two - run homer in the first inning and driving in two more with a two - out single in the fifth	True
Tejada made sure that did n't happen , hitting a two - run homer in the first inning and driving in two more with a two - out single in the fifth . It was Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single later in the fifth	True
Tejada made sure that did n't happen , hitting a two - run homer in the first inning and driving in two more with a two - out single in the fifth . It was Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single later in the fifth that gave the Padres a 5 - 0 lead and ended up being the difference as Colorado rallied back . Pinch-hitter Oscar Salazar added a little more breathing room with a solo homer in the ninth	True
The Rockies fell 2 1/2 games back in the division and 3 1/2 behind Atlanta in the NL wild-card race . They had n't lost since Sept. 2 against Philadelphia , a defeat that left many thinking the Rockies were all but finished . Rookie starter Cory Luebke was masterful through 4 2/3 innings , but the Rockies finally figured him out in the fifth	True
After singles by Melvin Mora and Todd Helton extended the inning , Luebke was lifted for reliever Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) , who got Ryan Spilborghs to ground out for his first major league win . The Padres used five relievers to bridge the gap to closer Heath Bell , including Mike Adams in the eighth	True
The Padres used five relievers to bridge the gap to closer Heath Bell , including Mike Adams in the eighth . He got pinch-hitter Jason Giambi -- who hit a game-winning homer the day before -- to line hard to Adrian Gonzalez at first base for an inning-ending double play . Bell had a shaky ninth	True
Battling shoulder soreness , Francis was kept on a strict pitch count against the Padres . Tracy pulled him for a pinch hitter after he went three innings and reached 62 pitches . The lefty gave up five hits and two runs , most of the damage coming in a 34-pitch first	True
`` We battled the whole game . We got to their bullpen and pretty much took advantage . '' Pirates manager John Russell pointed out that the rally was Pittsburgh 's third	False
Pirates manager John Russell pointed out that the rally was Pittsburgh 's third of the three - game series . Cordero also gave up a lead Friday in a game the Reds ended up winning 4 - 3 in 12 innings . Nick Masset inherited a 3 - 0 lead and gave up four in the eighth	True
Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker thought nobody felt worse than Cordero . Chan Ho Park ( 1 - 1 ) worked a hitless eighth inning for the win . Joel Hanrahan loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
The Reds , who have a six - game lead over second-place St. Louis , are trying to secure their first season of .500 or better since 2000 , when they were 85 - 77 in Jack McKeon 's last season as manager . Cincinnati right-hander Johnny Cueto , who was 1/3 in his previous five starts , gave up a two - out single to Neil Walker in the first inning and did n't allow another hit until Pedro Alvarez 's single leading off the seventh	True
Cincinnati right-hander Johnny Cueto , who was 1/3 in his previous five starts , gave up a two - out single to Neil Walker in the first inning and did n't allow another hit until Pedro Alvarez 's single leading off the seventh . Cueto did n't yield more than one baserunner in any inning until the seventh	True
Votto moved into a tie with St. Louis slugger Albert Pujols for the NL RBI lead with 102 . The Cardinals were scheduled to play at Atlanta later Sunday . Walker extended his hitting streak to 18 games by beating out a slow chopper to third	False
Atlanta scored six runs in the sixth inning , sending 10 hitters to the plate and taking advantage of a dropped fly ball by right fielder Jon Jay to rally for a much-needed 8 - 6 victory Friday night . The Braves appeared headed for their seventh loss in nine games when they fell behind 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Braves appeared headed for their seventh loss in nine games when they fell behind 4 - 1 in the fourth . They gave up a two - run homer to Matt Holliday and a two more RBIs to Carpenter , who began the night hitting .098 but had a run-scoring single and the second homer of his career batting in the eighth spot . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) could n't back up his good work at the plate . The Braves closed to 4 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Braves appeared headed for their seventh loss in nine games when they fell behind 4 - 1 in the fourth . They gave up a two - run homer to Matt Holliday and a two more RBIs to Carpenter , who began the night hitting .098 but had a run-scoring single and the second homer of his career batting in the eighth spot . Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) could n't back up his good work at the plate . The Braves closed to 4 - 2 in the fourth on Brian McCann 's run-scoring single and then knocked out the St. Louis starter in the sixth	True
Atlanta remained one game behind the NL East-leading Philadelphia Phillies , which beat the New York Mets 8 - 4 . St. Louis fell to six games behind the Cincinnati Reds , who beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 3 in 12 innings , in the NL Central . Conrad got it started with the first	True
Conrad got it started with the first of four straight hits off Carpenter . Jason Heyward yanked an RBI single to right and Martin Prado doubled to tie the game at 4 . McCann followed with a deep fly ball to right that would 've brought in a run , since Heyward was tagging , but wound up driving in both runners when Jay dropped the ball just short of the wall . McCann rumbled all the way to third	False
McCann followed with a deep fly ball to right that would 've brought in a run , since Heyward was tagging , but wound up driving in both runners when Jay dropped the ball just short of the wall . McCann rumbled all the way to third and trotted home on Derrek Lee 's run-scoring single . That was n't the only break for the Braves . Conrad appeared to be picked off at second	False
That was n't the only break for the Braves . Conrad appeared to be picked off at second on a throw from catcher Yadier Molina , but umpire Bill Welke called the runner safe . Even Conrad looked a bit surprised by the call , the tag appearing to get him on the right shoulder just before he scrambled back to the bag . Carpenter was lifted after Lee 's hit , having failed to get an out in the sixth	True
Carpenter was lifted after Lee 's hit , having failed to get an out in the sixth . He was charged with six earned runs and eight hits . Melky Cabrera added a sacrifice fly before Conrad , batting for the second time , hit a flyout that finally ended the inning . St. Louis scored a pair of runs off Jonny Venters in the seventh	False
St. Louis scored a pair of runs off Jonny Venters in the seventh , but Takashi Saito and Billy Wagner closed out the Cardinals , with Wagner earning his 33rd save in 40 chances . Atlanta won its major league-leading 50th home game . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) won with a scoreless sixth	True
Carpenter allowed more than three earned runs for the first time since July 3 , a span of 12 starts . La Russa 's unorthodox lineup , revived for the series in Atlanta in hopes of sparking his slumping team , appeared to backfire when Carpenter , batting just .098 ( 6 - for - 61 ) , came up in the second	True
Latos outdueled Clayton Kershaw , who allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Heath Bell got a five - out save , his 39th in 42 chances this year and his 26th straight . Bell struck out four , including James Loney with runners on first	False
Latos outdueled Clayton Kershaw , who allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Heath Bell got a five - out save , his 39th in 42 chances this year and his 26th straight . Bell struck out four , including James Loney with runners on first and second	False
Latos outdueled Clayton Kershaw , who allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Heath Bell got a five - out save , his 39th in 42 chances this year and his 26th straight . Bell struck out four , including James Loney with runners on first and second to end the eighth	True
Latos outdueled Clayton Kershaw , who allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Heath Bell got a five - out save , his 39th in 42 chances this year and his 26th straight . Bell struck out four , including James Loney with runners on first and second to end the eighth . The right-hander pitched a perfect ninth	True
Heath Bell got a five - out save , his 39th in 42 chances this year and his 26th straight . Bell struck out four , including James Loney with runners on first and second to end the eighth . The right-hander pitched a perfect ninth . Adrian Gonzalez hit a leadoff single in the second	True
Heath Bell got a five - out save , his 39th in 42 chances this year and his 26th straight . Bell struck out four , including James Loney with runners on first and second to end the eighth . The right-hander pitched a perfect ninth . Adrian Gonzalez hit a leadoff single in the second against Kershaw ( 11 - 10 ) and scored on Aaron Cunningham 's sacrifice fly . Gonzalez hit a two - out double in the third	False
Adrian Gonzalez hit a leadoff single in the second against Kershaw ( 11 - 10 ) and scored on Aaron Cunningham 's sacrifice fly . Gonzalez hit a two - out double in the third to bring in Chris Denorfia , aboard on a leadoff single . Mike Adams started the eighth	True
Mendez pitched one - hit ball for six scoreless innings before injuring himself , and the Florida Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7 - 1 Monday in the first game of a day-night doubleheader . Mendez ( 1 - 0 ) left in the seventh	True
Jayson Werth 's RBI single in the ninth prevented Philadelphia 's 12th shutout . Uggla 's two - out single in the first gave Florida a 1 - 0 lead . He added a two - run double in the ninth	True
Uggla 's two - out single in the first gave Florida a 1 - 0 lead . He added a two - run double in the ninth . Tracy put the Marlins up 2 - 0 in the second	True
Tracy put the Marlins up 2 - 0 in the second with his first homer since last September with Arizona . Tracy , who hit 47 homers in 2005 - 06 for the Diamondbacks , went 95 at-bats without going deep . Stanton 's two - run shot off Chad Durbin made it 4 - 0 in the eighth	False
Lester ( 16 - 8 ) gave up two runs and four hits while striking out 10 and walking three for his fifth win in six decisions . The Red Sox took control by scoring three runs in each of the first two innings , and broke it open when Kalish hit his slam in a five - run fourth	True
Kalish seemed almost as happy to see many former Triple-A Pawtucket teammates as he was about his homer . Ortiz and Beltre hit consecutive homers three pitches apart in the first	True
Ortiz and Beltre hit consecutive homers three pitches apart in the first to put the Red Sox ahead 3 - 1 . In the second	True
Rays manager Joe Maddon said he was n't considering taking Niemann out of the rotation yet . Boston turned it into a rout by adding five runs off Sonnanstine in the fourth	True
Boston turned it into a rout by adding five runs off Sonnanstine in the fourth . After loading the bases on singles by Daniel Nava and J. D. Drew and a two - out intentional walk to Beltre , Sonnanstine walked Jed Lowrie to force home a run before Kalish belted his slam into the Rays ' bullpen in right , making it 11 - 2 . It was his second grand slam of the season , tying a club record for rookies held by six others . The Rays scored three runs in the seventh	True
Coello gave up three hits and two walks while retiring just one batter . Carl Crawford 's RBI single gave Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
With the best record in baseball but only a slim AL East lead over Tampa Bay , the Yankees won for the 14th time in 18 games and improved to 6 - 0 on their 10-game homestand . Robinson Cano had a two - run single and New York , still missing ailing sluggers Alex Rodriguez and Nick Swisher , overcame a shaky return to the rotation for Javier Vazquez -- who was n't happy about being yanked in the fifth	True
Robinson Cano had a two - run single and New York , still missing ailing sluggers Alex Rodriguez and Nick Swisher , overcame a shaky return to the rotation for Javier Vazquez -- who was n't happy about being yanked in the fifth . Jason Frasor ( 3 - 4 ) retired his first two batters in the seventh	True
Lyle Overbay homered and drove in three runs for the Blue Jays in his second game back after missing five with post-concussion symptoms . John McDonald also went deep , increasing Toronto 's total to a major league-best 205 homers . Jose Bautista , who leads the big leagues with 43 , was ejected by plate umpire Ed Hickox for arguing a called third strike on a full-count pitch with two on and none out in the seventh	True
Bautista did n't want to say much about the call , but he did think his strikeout was a momentum-changer . Kerry Wood worked a perfect eighth	True
Bautista did n't want to say much about the call , but he did think his strikeout was a momentum-changer . Kerry Wood worked a perfect eighth and Mariano Rivera a one - hit ninth	True
The right-hander was effective at times , striking out six in 4 2/3 innings , with a fastball in the upper 80s ( mph ) and a good breaking ball . But he walked four and gave up two home runs -- both in the second inning . New York tied it at 3 in the third	True
New York tied it at 3 in the third . Derek Jeter grounded an RBI double over third base , ending a 3 - for - 35 slide , and Cano hit a two - run single off starter Marc Rzepczynski . Brett Gardner had an RBI groundout in the fourth	True
Brett Gardner had an RBI groundout in the fourth and another run scored on Rzepczynski 's wild pitch . For the second consecutive day , Girardi pulled a starter who led 5 - 3 in the fifth	True
In the series opener , left-hander Boone Logan struck out Overbay and the Yankees went on to win . This time , Overbay lined a two - run double into the right-field corner off right-hander Dustin Moseley to tie the score 5-all . Moseley was warming up after a leadoff walk in the third	True
That much he accomplished , along with a bonus . He kept the Indians hitless through 6 1/3 innings in helping the Seattle Mariners hang on to an eventual three - hit 1 - 0 victory Friday night . French ( 4 - 4 ) gave up a single with one out in the seventh	True
He threw 99 pitches in seven innings , walking three and striking out four . Brandon League worked a routine eighth	True
He threw 99 pitches in seven innings , walking three and striking out four . Brandon League worked a routine eighth and David Aardsma threw the ninth	True
French , acquired in a deadline trade with Detroit last July , faced just one batter over the minimum through the first six innings . He walked Lou Marson in the third	True
French , acquired in a deadline trade with Detroit last July , faced just one batter over the minimum through the first six innings . He walked Lou Marson in the third with two outs . He then threw to first	False
French , acquired in a deadline trade with Detroit last July , faced just one batter over the minimum through the first six innings . He walked Lou Marson in the third with two outs . He then threw to first as Marson was breaking for second	False
He walked Lou Marson in the third with two outs . He then threw to first as Marson was breaking for second , catching him in a rundown . He issued another two - out walk to Choo in the fourth	True
French said he threw between 25 to 30 changeups , producing many of the popups . In the seventh	True
After Duncan 's hit , Brown took the opportunity to send pitching coach Carl Willis to the mound to make sure French 's focus was n't damaged by the failed no-hit bid . It only took French one pitch to get out of it . Jayson Nix lined out to Saunders . Choo , believing the ball would drop , was caught off second	False
Santana allowed three hits , one run and one walk with three strikeouts to avoid losing four straight starts for the first time since May 18-June 3 , 2004 with Minnesota . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first off Hudson , who was 6 - 0 with a 1.43 ERA in his previous eight starts . Carlos Beltran tripled and scored on second baseman Omar Infante 's errant relay throw to third	False
Hudson , who earlier in the day was named the NL pitcher of the month for August , lost for the first time since July 17 against Milwaukee . Brian McCann led off the Atlanta second	True
Brian McCann led off the Atlanta second with his 20th homer to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Wright 's 22nd homer made it 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Wright 's 22nd homer made it 3 - 1 in the sixth . Before his solo shot sailed into the left-field seats , Wright was hitting .059 in 34 at-bats at Turner Field this season . The Mets took a 4 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
The Mets took a 4 - 1 lead in the seventh against Peter Moylan . The run , which scored Luis Castillo on Beltran 's infield RBI groundout , was unearned because the next batter , Lucas Duda , reached on Infante 's fielding error . Atlanta made it 4 - 2 in the eighth	False
Atlanta made it 4 - 2 in the eighth on Martin Prado 's infield RBI single off Bobby Parnell . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth	True
The Rockies trail Philadelphia by 6 1/2 games in the NL wild card chase , a deficit that has ballooned from 3 1/2 games since Monday night . They trail first-place San Diego by 7 1/2 games in the NL West . Gonzalez continued his power surge with his 31st homer and Chris Iannetta and Dexter Fowler also took Joe Blanton deep as the Rockies built a seemingly safe 7 - 3 lead heading into the seventh	True
Unable to solve starter Jhoulys Chacin ( one earned run in 5 1/3 innings ) , the Phillies had no problem rattling the Rockies ' beleaguered bullpen . Matt Belisle allowed hits to all three batters he faced in the seventh	True
And rookie Matt Reynolds gave up Utley 's fourth career grand slam , which put the Phillies ahead 12 - 7 and chased many of the 30,179 fans to the exits early . The Rockies , who left 14 runners on base , blew leads of 4 - 0 , 6 - 2 and 7 - 3 , and their manager was ejected . They did n't go down without a fight , however , getting three runs in the seventh	True
The Rockies , who left 14 runners on base , blew leads of 4 - 0 , 6 - 2 and 7 - 3 , and their manager was ejected . They did n't go down without a fight , however , getting three runs in the seventh off Chad Durbin to make it 12 - 10 . The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs off righty Jose Contreras in the eighth	True
The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs off righty Jose Contreras in the eighth but rookie Eric Young Jr. grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . In the ninth	True
The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs off righty Jose Contreras in the eighth but rookie Eric Young Jr. grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . In the ninth , they put runners at first	False
The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs off righty Jose Contreras in the eighth but rookie Eric Young Jr. grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . In the ninth , they put runners at first and third	False
The Rockies loaded the bases with two outs off righty Jose Contreras in the eighth but rookie Eric Young Jr. grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the threat . In the ninth , they put runners at first and third with no outs but all they could get was a groundball from Troy Tulowitzki that scored Fowler before Clint Barmes struck out and Ryan Spilborghs grounded into a force at third	False
In the ninth , they put runners at first and third with no outs but all they could get was a groundball from Troy Tulowitzki that scored Fowler before Clint Barmes struck out and Ryan Spilborghs grounded into a force at third . With his long shot over the power alley in right-center , Gonzalez became the 13th player in major league history to get extra-base hits in 10 straight games , according to STATS LLC . He 's the first	False
Gonzalez has emerged as the NL 's batting leader with a .332 average . The Phillies did n't get a hit until Werth 's single with two outs in the fourth	True
With the hard-throwing Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) pitching , Cuddyer singled to start the inning and stole second base while Delmon Young struck out . Then Valencia , whose single in the fifth helped the Twins score their first run against Scherzer , smacked a single to center on a 3 - 2 count that was deep enough for Cuddyer to score standing up just before the throw from Austin Jackson . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
With the hard-throwing Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) pitching , Cuddyer singled to start the inning and stole second base while Delmon Young struck out . Then Valencia , whose single in the fifth helped the Twins score their first run against Scherzer , smacked a single to center on a 3 - 2 count that was deep enough for Cuddyer to score standing up just before the throw from Austin Jackson . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the victory that should 've gone to Francisco Liriano , who kept up his strong second half with seven shutout innings by powerfully and masterfully working his way out of men-on situations in the first	True
With the hard-throwing Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) pitching , Cuddyer singled to start the inning and stole second base while Delmon Young struck out . Then Valencia , whose single in the fifth helped the Twins score their first run against Scherzer , smacked a single to center on a 3 - 2 count that was deep enough for Cuddyer to score standing up just before the throw from Austin Jackson . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the victory that should 've gone to Francisco Liriano , who kept up his strong second half with seven shutout innings by powerfully and masterfully working his way out of men-on situations in the first , third	True
With the hard-throwing Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) pitching , Cuddyer singled to start the inning and stole second base while Delmon Young struck out . Then Valencia , whose single in the fifth helped the Twins score their first run against Scherzer , smacked a single to center on a 3 - 2 count that was deep enough for Cuddyer to score standing up just before the throw from Austin Jackson . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the victory that should 've gone to Francisco Liriano , who kept up his strong second half with seven shutout innings by powerfully and masterfully working his way out of men-on situations in the first , third , fourth	True
With the hard-throwing Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) pitching , Cuddyer singled to start the inning and stole second base while Delmon Young struck out . Then Valencia , whose single in the fifth helped the Twins score their first run against Scherzer , smacked a single to center on a 3 - 2 count that was deep enough for Cuddyer to score standing up just before the throw from Austin Jackson . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the victory that should 've gone to Francisco Liriano , who kept up his strong second half with seven shutout innings by powerfully and masterfully working his way out of men-on situations in the first , third , fourth , fifth	True
With the hard-throwing Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) pitching , Cuddyer singled to start the inning and stole second base while Delmon Young struck out . Then Valencia , whose single in the fifth helped the Twins score their first run against Scherzer , smacked a single to center on a 3 - 2 count that was deep enough for Cuddyer to score standing up just before the throw from Austin Jackson . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the victory that should 've gone to Francisco Liriano , who kept up his strong second half with seven shutout innings by powerfully and masterfully working his way out of men-on situations in the first , third , fourth , fifth and seventh	True
Young doubled for the Twins ' first hit and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jose Morales in the fifth inning against Scherzer , who has allowed one run or less in six of his last seven starts with just two given up in the other one . Scherzer finished strong , getting Valencia on a weak pop out to second	False
Young doubled for the Twins ' first hit and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jose Morales in the fifth inning against Scherzer , who has allowed one run or less in six of his last seven starts with just two given up in the other one . Scherzer finished strong , getting Valencia on a weak pop out to second and striking out Morales and Jason Repko in the perfect eighth	True
Young doubled for the Twins ' first hit and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jose Morales in the fifth inning against Scherzer , who has allowed one run or less in six of his last seven starts with just two given up in the other one . Scherzer finished strong , getting Valencia on a weak pop out to second and striking out Morales and Jason Repko in the perfect eighth . In the ninth	True
Young doubled for the Twins ' first hit and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jose Morales in the fifth inning against Scherzer , who has allowed one run or less in six of his last seven starts with just two given up in the other one . Scherzer finished strong , getting Valencia on a weak pop out to second and striking out Morales and Jason Repko in the perfect eighth . In the ninth , after pinch-hitter Jim Thome 's sharp single , Scherzer retired Joe Mauer on a fly to left with nobody warming up in the bullpen until Perry readied for the 10th	True
Scherzer finished strong , getting Valencia on a weak pop out to second and striking out Morales and Jason Repko in the perfect eighth . In the ninth , after pinch-hitter Jim Thome 's sharp single , Scherzer retired Joe Mauer on a fly to left with nobody warming up in the bullpen until Perry readied for the 10th . Liriano was just as impressive , striking out Gerald Laird , with the fans on their feet , to finish the seventh	True
Liriano was just as impressive , striking out Gerald Laird , with the fans on their feet , to finish the seventh with one on . Jackson started the eighth	True
Wilson was equally impressive , allowing two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He gave up a single to leadoff man Jason Bartlett to start the game , then limited the Rays to just three baserunners on an error , a walk and a hit batter over the next five innings . Willy Aybar doubled in the seventh	True
Wilson was equally impressive , allowing two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He gave up a single to leadoff man Jason Bartlett to start the game , then limited the Rays to just three baserunners on an error , a walk and a hit batter over the next five innings . Willy Aybar doubled in the seventh for the second hit off the Texas starter , who departed with runners at second	False
Wilson was equally impressive , allowing two hits in 6 2/3 innings . He gave up a single to leadoff man Jason Bartlett to start the game , then limited the Rays to just three baserunners on an error , a walk and a hit batter over the next five innings . Willy Aybar doubled in the seventh for the second hit off the Texas starter , who departed with runners at second and third	False
Texas pitchers fanned 23 batters in two days , which is not surprising . Tampa Bay 's 1,292 strikeouts this season were the most by a major league team that reached the playoffs . Young broke the game open in the fifth	True
Welke , the umpire crew chief , thought Wolf and Meals `` showed a lot of restraint '' before Maddon was tossed . Kinsler homered in the fourth	True
Kinsler homered in the fourth off losing pitcher James Shields , who got the Game 2 assignment for Tampa Bay even though he lost 15 games during the regular season and had n't won since Aug. 29 . The right-hander allowed four runs and four hits over 4 1/3 innings . Kinsler also had an RBI single off Qualls in the fifth	True
With the Rays facing a lefty starter for the second straight day , Maddon held the struggling Pena out of the lineup . Wilson has been extremely tough on left-handed batter this season , and Pena -- whose .196 batting average was the lowest among all major league qualifiers -- went 0 for 3 with three strikeouts against Lee on Wednesday . The Rangers manufactured a run in the third	True
With the Rays facing a lefty starter for the second straight day , Maddon held the struggling Pena out of the lineup . Wilson has been extremely tough on left-handed batter this season , and Pena -- whose .196 batting average was the lowest among all major league qualifiers -- went 0 for 3 with three strikeouts against Lee on Wednesday . The Rangers manufactured a run in the third . Matt Treanor was hit by a pitch , moved from second	False
With the Rays facing a lefty starter for the second straight day , Maddon held the struggling Pena out of the lineup . Wilson has been extremely tough on left-handed batter this season , and Pena -- whose .196 batting average was the lowest among all major league qualifiers -- went 0 for 3 with three strikeouts against Lee on Wednesday . The Rangers manufactured a run in the third . Matt Treanor was hit by a pitch , moved from second to third	False
Billingsley ( 12 - 11 ) was charged with two runs and four hits over 7 1/3 innings and struck out nine . The 26-year-old right-hander finished his season with a 3.57 ERA in 31 starts , including a 5 - 4 loss at Arizona last Sunday in which he tied a career best with 13 strikeouts . Rookie reliever Kenley Jansen struck out three in the ninth	True
Rookie reliever Kenley Jansen struck out three in the ninth for his fourth save . Diamondbacks hitters , who already set a major league record with 1,517 strikeouts , finished a game in double digits for the 72nd time this season . Their record in those games is 17 - 55 , including a 1 - 8 mark against Los Angeles . Billingsley retired his first 13 batters before walking Adam LaRoche . Gerardo Parra , who came in 3 for 18 against Billingsley and struck out his first two times up , singled cleanly through the left side leading off the sixth	True
Billingsley retired his first 13 batters before walking Adam LaRoche . Gerardo Parra , who came in 3 for 18 against Billingsley and struck out his first two times up , singled cleanly through the left side leading off the sixth to break up the no-hit bid . Stephen Drew 's two - out RBI single in the eighth chased Billingsley , and Tony Abreu greeted Ramon Troncoso with a sacrifice fly that trimmed the Dodgers ' lead to 3 - 2 . Troncoso struck out Kelly Johnson to strand a runner at second	False
Saunders , acquired in a trade for Dan Haren on July 25 , is 0 - 8 with a 6.06 ERA in nine road starts since his complete-game 7 - 1 victory for the Angels against Oakland on June 9 . He reached 200 innings for the first time . The Dodgers had eight hits before the Diamondbacks got their first one , but they were n't able to score until the fifth	True
The Dodgers had eight hits before the Diamondbacks got their first one , but they were n't able to score until the fifth after Andre Ethier singled with two outs for one of his four hits . Kemp got the green light from Carroll on a 3 - 0 pitch and drove it into the left-field pavilion for his 27th homer , eclipsing his career-high total from last season . Los Angeles added an unearned run in the sixth	True
The Yankees need a victory in Boston and a Rays loss at Kansas City to win the AL East . Every other scenario gives the division crown to Tampa Bay , which beat the Royals 4 - 0 on Saturday . In the first game , lasting 4:18 , Brett Gardner raced home with the go-ahead run on an error by second baseman Bill Hall in the 10th	True
In the first game , lasting 4:18 , Brett Gardner raced home with the go-ahead run on an error by second baseman Bill Hall in the 10th . Pettitte allowed three runs on nine hits with eight strikeouts and two walks and left after Mike Lowell 's leadoff single in the fifth	True
Pettitte allowed three runs on nine hits with eight strikeouts and two walks and left after Mike Lowell 's leadoff single in the fifth . In his previous start on Sept. 24 in New York , he allowed six earned runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings of a 10 - 8 loss . He has made just three starts since spending two months on the disabled list with a strained left groin , but is 11 - 3 with a 3.28 ERA for the season . In the second game , lasting 4 hours , Hall led off the 10th	True
Pettitte allowed three runs on nine hits with eight strikeouts and two walks and left after Mike Lowell 's leadoff single in the fifth . In his previous start on Sept. 24 in New York , he allowed six earned runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings of a 10 - 8 loss . He has made just three starts since spending two months on the disabled list with a strained left groin , but is 11 - 3 with a 3.28 ERA for the season . In the second game , lasting 4 hours , Hall led off the 10th with a double against Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) , took third	False
But Burnett , who was 1 - 7 with a 6.98 ERA in his previous 11 games , allowed just two earned runs and six hits in six innings . The most glaring gaffe in the nightcap came with New York leading 4 - 2 in the bottom of the fourth	True
The most glaring gaffe in the nightcap came with New York leading 4 - 2 in the bottom of the fourth . Daniel Nava led off the inning with a double before Josh Reddick hit a hard grounder to the right of first baseman Lance Berkman , who bobbled the ball . He picked it up and threw to Burnett , covering the base . Burnett caught the ball , then turned toward third	False
Nava then headed home and , with Robinson Cano and Alex Rodriguez pointing to the plate , Burnett finally threw the ball -- past catcher Francisco Cervelli , allowing Nava to score and cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Berkman and Burnett were charged with errors on the play . Boston tied it at 4 with the help of another error in the sixth	True
Nava then headed home and , with Robinson Cano and Alex Rodriguez pointing to the plate , Burnett finally threw the ball -- past catcher Francisco Cervelli , allowing Nava to score and cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Berkman and Burnett were charged with errors on the play . Boston tied it at 4 with the help of another error in the sixth . Ryan Kalish singled , stole second	False
Nava then headed home and , with Robinson Cano and Alex Rodriguez pointing to the plate , Burnett finally threw the ball -- past catcher Francisco Cervelli , allowing Nava to score and cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Berkman and Burnett were charged with errors on the play . Boston tied it at 4 with the help of another error in the sixth . Ryan Kalish singled , stole second and continued to third	False
Boston tied it at 4 with the help of another error in the sixth . Ryan Kalish singled , stole second and continued to third on Cervelli 's wild throw . He scored on Yamaico Navarro 's sacrifice fly . In the seventh	True
Boston tied it at 4 with the help of another error in the sixth . Ryan Kalish singled , stole second and continued to third on Cervelli 's wild throw . He scored on Yamaico Navarro 's sacrifice fly . In the seventh , Cervelli singled in the go-ahead run and Berkman scored on Okajima 's wild pitch . But the Red Sox tied it at 6 in the eighth	False
In the seventh , Cervelli singled in the go-ahead run and Berkman scored on Okajima 's wild pitch . But the Red Sox tied it at 6 in the eighth on an RBI single by Nava and a bases-loaded walk to Cash . In the opener , Phil Hughes ( 18 - 8 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
In the opener , Phil Hughes ( 18 - 8 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth in his second relief outing of the year , keeping the score tied at 5 . Yankees pitchers tied a franchise record with 18 strikeouts but issued eight walks . Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 7 ) started the 10th	True
In the opener , Phil Hughes ( 18 - 8 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth in his second relief outing of the year , keeping the score tied at 5 . Yankees pitchers tied a franchise record with 18 strikeouts but issued eight walks . Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 7 ) started the 10th by walking Gardner , who went to second	False
Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 7 ) started the 10th by walking Gardner , who went to second on a sacrifice by Ramiro Pena . Derek Jeter then topped a slow grounder to the right side , just beyond Papelbon 's reach , for a single . Hall tried to field it with his bare hand , but it got by him and Gardner scored the go-ahead run . Mariano Rivera pitched the 10th	True
As the fans left , others waited outside Fenway Park to enter for the second game , which began less than an hour later . Boston had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the opener on Lowell 's RBI double . New York took the lead off Tim Wakefield with three runs in the third	True
As the fans left , others waited outside Fenway Park to enter for the second game , which began less than an hour later . Boston had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the opener on Lowell 's RBI double . New York took the lead off Tim Wakefield with three runs in the third , capped by Robinson Cano 's solo homer , his 29th of the year . But the Red Sox tied it at 3 in the third	True
Boston had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the opener on Lowell 's RBI double . New York took the lead off Tim Wakefield with three runs in the third , capped by Robinson Cano 's solo homer , his 29th of the year . But the Red Sox tied it at 3 in the third on Nava 's RBI single . The Yankees went ahead 5 - 3 in the fifth	False
Boston had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the opener on Lowell 's RBI double . New York took the lead off Tim Wakefield with three runs in the third , capped by Robinson Cano 's solo homer , his 29th of the year . But the Red Sox tied it at 3 in the third on Nava 's RBI single . The Yankees went ahead 5 - 3 in the fifth on run-scoring doubles by Mark Teixeira and Cano . Then Boston scored two runs on wild pitches in the seventh	True
Boston had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the opener on Lowell 's RBI double . New York took the lead off Tim Wakefield with three runs in the third , capped by Robinson Cano 's solo homer , his 29th of the year . But the Red Sox tied it at 3 in the third on Nava 's RBI single . The Yankees went ahead 5 - 3 in the fifth on run-scoring doubles by Mark Teixeira and Cano . Then Boston scored two runs on wild pitches in the seventh and eighth	True
The first-place Giants need one more victory to capture their first division crown and playoff berth since 2003 . San Diego pulled within one game of wild-card-leading Atlanta , which lost 11 - 5 to Philadelphia . Clayton Richard ( 14 - 9 ) won for only the second time in seven starts and held down a Giants team that has hit 17 homers in its past eight games . Rowand connected for a pinch-hit , two - run shot in the sixth	True
Clayton Richard ( 14 - 9 ) won for only the second time in seven starts and held down a Giants team that has hit 17 homers in its past eight games . Rowand connected for a pinch-hit , two - run shot in the sixth to chase Richard . Ludwick hit a towering drive over the center-field wall leading off the second	True
Ludwick hit a towering drive over the center-field wall leading off the second against Matt Cain ( 13 - 11 ) , who surrendered a season-high three homers . San Diego 's offense came to life after managing just five runs and 17 hits in losing three of four at home to the Chicago Cubs before coming to the Bay Area . But the Padres , who led 6 - 0 early , had to hold off threats in the eighth	True
Ludwick hit a towering drive over the center-field wall leading off the second against Matt Cain ( 13 - 11 ) , who surrendered a season-high three homers . San Diego 's offense came to life after managing just five runs and 17 hits in losing three of four at home to the Chicago Cubs before coming to the Bay Area . But the Padres , who led 6 - 0 early , had to hold off threats in the eighth and ninth	True
San Diego snapped the Giants ' four - game winning streak and scored six runs for the first time in 10 games since a 6 - 0 road win over the Dodgers on Sept. 21 . David Eckstein scored on a wild pitch in the fifth	True
Richard beat the Giants for the fourth time in six starts this season . The left-hander allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Cody Ross doubled with two outs in the sixth	True
Richard beat the Giants for the fourth time in six starts this season . The left-hander allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Cody Ross doubled with two outs in the sixth against Ryan Webb , putting runners on second	False
Richard beat the Giants for the fourth time in six starts this season . The left-hander allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Cody Ross doubled with two outs in the sixth against Ryan Webb , putting runners on second and third	False
Luke Gregerson then got Freddy Sanchez to line out to center , ending the inning . Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot led off the eighth	True
Luke Gregerson then got Freddy Sanchez to line out to center , ending the inning . Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot led off the eighth with a single off Gonzalez 's glove at first	False
Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot led off the eighth with a single off Gonzalez 's glove at first . Ross reached two outs later on an infield hit , and manager Bud Black turned to Bell to face Torres , who grounded out . Bell then worked the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot led off the eighth with a single off Gonzalez 's glove at first . Ross reached two outs later on an infield hit , and manager Bud Black turned to Bell to face Torres , who grounded out . Bell then worked the ninth for his 46th save in 49 chances , his sixth	False
Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot led off the eighth with a single off Gonzalez 's glove at first . Ross reached two outs later on an infield hit , and manager Bud Black turned to Bell to face Torres , who grounded out . Bell then worked the ninth for his 46th save in 49 chances , his sixth in seven tries going more than one inning . With Sanchez aboard on a leadoff walk , Aubrey Huff hit a deep fly to right that Will Venable caught nearly at the wall . Sanchez took off at contact ( expecting the ball to come off the wall ) , rounded second	False
Rowand had only two hits in 21 at-bats in September . This was his second career pinch-hit homer , both in 2010 . He had the other July 26 against Florida . Miguel Tejada drew a two - out , nine - pitch walk in the first	True
Pavano gave up two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in seven innings for the Twins ( 93 - 67 ) , who fell 1 1/2 games behind the Yankees for the best record in the AL . New York 's game at Boston was rained out and rescheduled as part of a day-night doubleheader Saturday . Normally reliable reliever Jesse Crain ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs on three hits in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays ( 84 - 76 ) are finishing the season on a strong note with eight wins in their last nine games . The Blue Jays led 6 - 2 to start the ninth	True
Pavano , who will start Game 2 , allowed 12 earned runs in nine innings over his previous two starts , and there were more than a few Twins fans getting a little nervous watching all the blowouts with the postseason right around the corner . But Pavano breezed through the first six innings , giving up just an RBI single to Encarnacion in the fifth	True
Pavano , who will start Game 2 , allowed 12 earned runs in nine innings over his previous two starts , and there were more than a few Twins fans getting a little nervous watching all the blowouts with the postseason right around the corner . But Pavano breezed through the first six innings , giving up just an RBI single to Encarnacion in the fifth that made it 1-all . The right-hander wiggled out of a bases loaded , none - out jam in the seventh	True
But Pavano breezed through the first six innings , giving up just an RBI single to Encarnacion in the fifth that made it 1-all . The right-hander wiggled out of a bases loaded , none - out jam in the seventh and escaped with just one unearned run when he struck out Bautista looking . Crain took over in the eighth	True
They proved Saturday they can win by keeping the ball inside the park , too . Eric Chavez broke up a potential double play that helped lead to three runs . Derek Jeter hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly . Starting pitcher A. J. Burnett picked a runner off first base , and catcher Russell Martin threw out another trying to steal third	False
Curtis Granderson , Brett Gardner and Martin also drove in runs for the Yankees , giving Burnett ( 4 - 1 ) just enough support . He scrapped his way through six innings despite giving up nine hits , wiggling out of jams in just about every one of them . The right-hander struck out Edwin Encarnacion and Mike McCoy to strand runners in scoring position in the first inning , picked off Rajai Davis on first base in the fifth	True
David Cooper recorded his first career RBI , and Adam Lind and Yunel Escobar also drove in runs for the Jays , who just could n't break through against the Yankees bullpen . Joba Chamberlain pitched a perfect seventh inning , and Rafael Soriano worked around a two - out single by Lind in the eighth	True
Gardner then walked to load the bases for Jeter , whose sacrifice fly gave New York the lead on what should have been the final out of the inning . Granderson then lined a base hit on an 0 - 2 pitch from Drabek , scoring Martin and giving the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead . Lind got Toronto within a run with his sacrifice fly in the third	True
That paid off Friday night with Dyson scoring the winning run on a sacrifice fly shortstop Alexi Casilla caught in shallow left field with his back to the infield in the eighth inning as the Royals rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins to snap a six - game losing streak . Kansas City trailed 3 - 2 in the bottom of the eighth	True
That paid off Friday night with Dyson scoring the winning run on a sacrifice fly shortstop Alexi Casilla caught in shallow left field with his back to the infield in the eighth inning as the Royals rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins to snap a six - game losing streak . Kansas City trailed 3 - 2 in the bottom of the eighth when Wilson Betemit doubled with one out and moved to third	False
That paid off Friday night with Dyson scoring the winning run on a sacrifice fly shortstop Alexi Casilla caught in shallow left field with his back to the infield in the eighth inning as the Royals rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins to snap a six - game losing streak . Kansas City trailed 3 - 2 in the bottom of the eighth when Wilson Betemit doubled with one out and moved to third on Kila Ka'aihue 's single . Dyson ran for Ka'aihue and stole second	False
That paid off Friday night with Dyson scoring the winning run on a sacrifice fly shortstop Alexi Casilla caught in shallow left field with his back to the infield in the eighth inning as the Royals rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins to snap a six - game losing streak . Kansas City trailed 3 - 2 in the bottom of the eighth when Wilson Betemit doubled with one out and moved to third on Kila Ka'aihue 's single . Dyson ran for Ka'aihue and stole second on the first pitch as catcher Drew Butera 's throw skipped into center field , allowing Betemit to score the tying run and Dyson to advance to third	False
`` Dyson has that type of ability , that type of speed that he can win a ball game . he helps us win games in situations late in the game when we need to tie it or we need to win it . That 's proof of that again . You 're not going to see that very often . '' Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings and Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
Twins starter Scott Baker held the Royals to two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , lowering his ERA to 3.16 . He was replaced after Chris Getz 's single in the seventh drove in Brayan Pena to pull the Royals to 3 - 2 . Danny Valencia , who was 2 for 18 on the Twins ' recent homestand , doubled to the left-center gap off left-hander Bruce Chen to score Jason Kubel and Justin Morneau , who had both singled , to put Minnesota up 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Chen gave up three runs , eight hits and two walks in 5 1/3 innings . Luke Hughes homered in the fifth	True
The Royals tied it in the bottom of the inning when Alex Gordon 's two - out triple into the right-field corner scored Melky Cabrera , who had singled . Both teams missed opportunities to score in the fourth	True
The Royals tied it in the bottom of the inning when Alex Gordon 's two - out triple into the right-field corner scored Melky Cabrera , who had singled . Both teams missed opportunities to score in the fourth . Kubel led off the top of the inning with a double off the center-field fence . He stopped at third	False
Both teams missed opportunities to score in the fourth . Kubel led off the top of the inning with a double off the center-field fence . He stopped at third on Michael Cuddyer 's single to left with one out . Chen got Valencia on a pop up and Rene Tosoni on a grounder to short . Jeff Francoeur was hit by a pitch from Baker with one out in the bottom of the inning and advanced to second	False
With a 3 - 0 count and a runner on , Wieters delivered a two - run shot off of Chicago starter John Danks to give Baltimore a 5 - 3 lead . Wieters doubled in two more runs in a five - run seventh	True
Arrieta gave up three runs in the second inning before settling down and keeping the White Sox in check . He gave up five hits and two walks , striking out two . The loss was the 13th	False
The White Sox opened a 3 - 0 second-inning lead as A. J. Pierzynski lined a 2 - 0 pitch from Arrieta to right for a two - run home run . With one out , Mark Teahen doubled and scored on Juan Pierre 's bloop single to left . Danks gave up a pair of third-inning runs , first	False
Danks gave up a pair of third-inning runs , first on a one - out RBI single by Brian Roberts that scored Mark Reynolds . Derrek Lee 's two - out single to right then scored Robert Andino . Luke Scott tied it at 3 in the third	True
Danks gave up a pair of third-inning runs , first on a one - out RBI single by Brian Roberts that scored Mark Reynolds . Derrek Lee 's two - out single to right then scored Robert Andino . Luke Scott tied it at 3 in the third with a homer to right , his fourth	False
Luke Scott tied it at 3 in the third with a homer to right , his fourth of the season . Wieters gave the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
Wieters gave the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth with his fourth homer . Brent Lillibridge hit his second home run in the sixth	True
Danks left in favor of reliever Jesse Crain after six innings . He gave up five earned runs on 8 hits , walked one and struck out three . The Orioles sent 11 batters to the plate in a five - run seventh	True
Pineda allowed four hits and three walks in his fifth career start . This was actually the most earned runs he 'd given up since his debut April 5 , and his ERA rose from 1.78 to 2.01 . That was small consolation for the Tigers . Detroit did n't put a ball in play off Pineda until Brennan Boesch doubled in the second	True
Detroit did n't put a ball in play off Pineda until Brennan Boesch doubled in the second . Ryan Raburn followed with a walk , and Avila drove both runners in with a double , but the lead did n't last . Suzuki hit an RBI double in the third	True
Detroit did n't put a ball in play off Pineda until Brennan Boesch doubled in the second . Ryan Raburn followed with a walk , and Avila drove both runners in with a double , but the lead did n't last . Suzuki hit an RBI double in the third , and Chone Figgins drove home a run with a ground ball . Smoak gave the Mariners the lead in the fourth	True
Detroit did n't put a ball in play off Pineda until Brennan Boesch doubled in the second . Ryan Raburn followed with a walk , and Avila drove both runners in with a double , but the lead did n't last . Suzuki hit an RBI double in the third , and Chone Figgins drove home a run with a ground ball . Smoak gave the Mariners the lead in the fourth , and Olivo added a solo homer leading off the sixth	True
It was a far cry from Penny 's last start , a dominant outing against the White Sox in which he allowed one hit through seven innings . Rodriguez broke it open in the eighth	True
`` Hey , we got to take what we can get , and if that 's what it takes to win every game here , we will . '' Tomlin gave up solo homers to Jeff Francoeur and Mike Aviles in the second	True
Tomlin gave up solo homers to Jeff Francoeur and Mike Aviles in the second , but blanked Kansas City over the next four . The right-hander allowed five hits and has gone at least five innings in each of his first 17 appearances in the majors -- a club record . Kansas City 's Alex Gordon was hitless in three at-bats , ending his hitting streak at 19 games . First baseman Shelley Duncan robbed him of a hit in the third	True
Every player in Cleveland 's starting lineup got at least one hit . It does n't seem to matter who manager Manny Acta pencils in , all the Indians are producing , which is perhaps the biggest reason they 've been baseball 's biggest surprise in April . Scoring early has been a key to the Indians ' strong start . They scored five times in the first	True
Francis retired Grady Sizemore leading off but then gave up four straight singles , the last an RBI blooper by Travis Hafner . Cabrera followed with his three - run double , which center fielder Jarrod Dyson narrowly missed with a diving try in the gap in left-center . One out later , Jack Hannahan 's single made it 5 - 0 and Francis gave up another single -- the Indians ' sixth	False
Francis retired Grady Sizemore leading off but then gave up four straight singles , the last an RBI blooper by Travis Hafner . Cabrera followed with his three - run double , which center fielder Jarrod Dyson narrowly missed with a diving try in the gap in left-center . One out later , Jack Hannahan 's single made it 5 - 0 and Francis gave up another single -- the Indians ' sixth of the inning -- before getting Sizemore again , this time on a grounder to second	False
One out later , Jack Hannahan 's single made it 5 - 0 and Francis gave up another single -- the Indians ' sixth of the inning -- before getting Sizemore again , this time on a grounder to second . The Royals cut it to 5 - 2 in the second	True
Of his 100 pitches , only 27 were out of the strike zone . The Indians tacked on an unearned run in the third	True
Of his 100 pitches , only 27 were out of the strike zone . The Indians tacked on an unearned run in the third to make it 6 - 2 and added another in the sixth	True
The Indians tacked on an unearned run in the third to make it 6 - 2 and added another in the sixth on a passed ball . Francis gave up a leadoff double in the fourth	True
Oliver needed 22 pitches for his second save of the season , and the Rangers hung on for a 7 - 6 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday night . Oliver got the first two outs of the ninth	True
Feliz will be out until at least May 6 while he recovers from right shoulder inflammation , so Washington will have to continue to go with a closer-by-committee concept . The Rangers got a scoreless eighth	True
Mitch Moreland led off the seventh inning for Texas with a tiebreaking home run against Octavio Dotel . Juan Rivera 's solo homer with two outs in the top of the seventh	True
Moreland sent an 0 - 1 pitch from Dotel ( 1 - 1 ) over the center-field fence for his third homer . Michael Young and Mike Napoli had two - run doubles in Texas ' six - run third	True
Adam Lind , who homered twice in Toronto 's 10 - 3 victory on Tuesday night , went 2 - for - 4 with an RBI . He did n't hit one out -- he had gone deep nine times in his past 12 road games against Texas . Toronto starter Jo-Jo Reyes was on the mound for all six runs in the third	True
Reyes allowed six runs and five hits in 2 2/3 innings . He has n't won since June 13 , 2008 , having gone 23 starts since his last victory . In the third	True
In the third , Lind 's sacrifice fly and Rivera 's RBI single gave Toronto a 2 - 0 advantage . Reyes was on the verge of escaping the third	True
Reyes was on the verge of escaping the third , but Encarnacion 's low throw on a one - out grounder by Yorvit Torrealba eluded first baseman Lind and opened the door for the six unearned runs . After Reyes recorded the second	False
Elvis Andrus followed with an RBI single , Young hit a two - run double , Nelson Cruz added an RBI single and Napoli 's two - run double chased Reyes to give the Rangers a 6 - 2 edge . In the fourth	True
Lind homered twice and drove in five runs for the Blue Jays , who got off to a fast start on the way to a 10 - 3 victory over the AL West-leading Rangers on Tuesday night . Both of the first baseman 's homers came after a five - run first	True
Lind homered twice and drove in five runs for the Blue Jays , who got off to a fast start on the way to a 10 - 3 victory over the AL West-leading Rangers on Tuesday night . Both of the first baseman 's homers came after a five - run first when he had an RBI single . His fifth career multihomer game was his third	False
Blue Jays manager John Farrell was a little bit more excited about what Lind accomplished for a team that had been struggling for runs with teams trying to avoid Bautista , the American League leader with a .362 batting average and 23 walks . After Toronto 's five - run first	True
Blue Jays manager John Farrell was a little bit more excited about what Lind accomplished for a team that had been struggling for runs with teams trying to avoid Bautista , the American League leader with a .362 batting average and 23 walks . After Toronto 's five - run first off Matt Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) , Lind homered leading off the third	True
Bautista then walked before Lind singled to right on the next pitch . There were two bases-loaded walks before the Rangers finally got outs when Travis Snider grounded into a double play that sent another runner home . John McDonald 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 . Brett Tomko took over for Harrison to start the fourth	True
After Lind 's homer leading off the third gave them a 6 - 3 lead , the Blue Jays had three consecutive singles . Snider 's hit drove in another run . Texas got all of its runs in the second	True
The only other time Toronto scored in double digits this season was in a 13 - 3 win on Opening Day . Right-handed reliever Frank Francisco , traded from Texas to Toronto in January , pitched a scoreless eighth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Corey Patterson took a big swing at a high 0 - 2 pitch coming at him about shoulder high -- and knocked it out of the ballpark for the Toronto Blue Jays . What Patterson called a `` 1 in a 100 '' shot was the first	False
What Patterson called a `` 1 in a 100 '' shot was the first of three homers in a span of four batters for the Blue Jays in a fifth-inning barrage that pushed them to a 6 - 4 victory over the AL West-leading Texas Rangers on Monday night . Tough-luck rookie starter Kyle Drabek got a much-deserved win . Patterson 's three - run blast off Colby Lewis ( 1 - 3 ) with two outs in the fifth	True
After pitching coach Mike Maddux visited the mound following Bautista 's homer , Adam Lind drew a walk and Juan Rivera hit his first homer of the season for a 6 - 0 lead . Drabek ( 2 - 0 ) , a 23-year-old rookie and Texas native , had gotten a no-decision in three consecutive starts that the Blue Jays won after he had pitched into at least the sixth	True
Drabek ( 2 - 0 ) , a 23-year-old rookie and Texas native , had gotten a no-decision in three consecutive starts that the Blue Jays won after he had pitched into at least the sixth . The right-hander gave up three runs and five hits in six innings against the Rangers . Texas designated hitter Michael Young extended his hitting streak to 15 games with an RBI double off the right-field wall that made it 6 - 3 in the sixth	True
Toronto entered the four - game series having lost 10 of 14 games overall , but is now 12 - 1 in its last 13 series openers dating to last season . Jon Rauch worked the ninth	True
The Rangers had three double plays and got a run-saving catch from left fielder Murphy , but only the fans can grab the long balls that went into the stands . Toronto had two on and no outs in the fourth	True
The Rangers had three double plays and got a run-saving catch from left fielder Murphy , but only the fans can grab the long balls that went into the stands . Toronto had two on and no outs in the fourth when Lind hit a flyball slicing toward the left-field line . Murphy made a running catch with his glove fully extended , and both runners had to scurry back to the bases . Patterson was then thrown out trying to steal third	False
Toronto had two on and no outs in the fourth when Lind hit a flyball slicing toward the left-field line . Murphy made a running catch with his glove fully extended , and both runners had to scurry back to the bases . Patterson was then thrown out trying to steal third . Murphy made another nice catch in the seventh	True
Toronto had two on and no outs in the fourth when Lind hit a flyball slicing toward the left-field line . Murphy made a running catch with his glove fully extended , and both runners had to scurry back to the bases . Patterson was then thrown out trying to steal third . Murphy made another nice catch in the seventh on a flyball by Patterson that turned into a double play when the relay through shortstop Elvis Andrus got Yunel Escobar before he could get back to first	False
Murphy made another nice catch in the seventh on a flyball by Patterson that turned into a double play when the relay through shortstop Elvis Andrus got Yunel Escobar before he could get back to first . Each of Toronto 's first five innings ended on grounders to Andrus , who was back in the lineup after a day off following errors in three consecutive games . Andrus went deep in the hole toward third	False
Murphy made another nice catch in the seventh on a flyball by Patterson that turned into a double play when the relay through shortstop Elvis Andrus got Yunel Escobar before he could get back to first . Each of Toronto 's first five innings ended on grounders to Andrus , who was back in the lineup after a day off following errors in three consecutive games . Andrus went deep in the hole toward third and made strong throws to get Bautista ending the first	True
Murphy made another nice catch in the seventh on a flyball by Patterson that turned into a double play when the relay through shortstop Elvis Andrus got Yunel Escobar before he could get back to first . Each of Toronto 's first five innings ended on grounders to Andrus , who was back in the lineup after a day off following errors in three consecutive games . Andrus went deep in the hole toward third and made strong throws to get Bautista ending the first and leadoff hitter Escobar ending the third	True
It helps that the Marlins are winning . By taking two of three in the series , Florida ( 13 - 7 ) matched the best 20-game start in franchise history , achieved in 2004 . After Colorado scored twice in the top of the eighth	True
Stanton 's second homer this year earned him a curtain call from the crowd of 11,442 . Slowed earlier by injuries to both hamstrings , the young slugger has hiked his average to .265 . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Seth Smith with runners at the corners to end the eighth	True
Stanton 's second homer this year earned him a curtain call from the crowd of 11,442 . Slowed earlier by injuries to both hamstrings , the young slugger has hiked his average to .265 . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Seth Smith with runners at the corners to end the eighth . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Rockies are sputtering at the plate , too , despite leading the NL West . They had six hits against four Florida pitchers and totaled only 13 in the three - game series . They did muster a rally from a 3 - 1 deficit in the eighth	True
The comeback cost the unbeaten Johnson his fourth win . He allowed three hits and one run in seven innings , inflating his ERA from 1.00 to 1.06 , still the best in the majors . Johnson held the Rockies hitless until Dexter Fowler and Jonathan Herrera hit back-to-back doubles with two out in the sixth	True
And still -- as usual -- they beat the Baltimore Orioles . Russell Martin singled home the tiebreaking run in the 11th inning after Mariano Rivera gave up the lead in the ninth	True
Russell Martin singled home the tiebreaking run in the 11th inning after Mariano Rivera gave up the lead in the ninth , and the Yankees escaped with a 6 - 3 victory Sunday . The thriller of a game had a bit of everything , including a 40-minute rain delay in the 11th inning . Baltimore rallied against Joba Chamberlain and Rivera ; both teams missed a chance to win in the late innings ; and the Yankees ultimately prevailed on the strength of three infield hits and a couple of Baltimore errors in a wild 11th	True
The thriller of a game had a bit of everything , including a 40-minute rain delay in the 11th inning . Baltimore rallied against Joba Chamberlain and Rivera ; both teams missed a chance to win in the late innings ; and the Yankees ultimately prevailed on the strength of three infield hits and a couple of Baltimore errors in a wild 11th . Robinson Cano led off the 11th	True
The thriller of a game had a bit of everything , including a 40-minute rain delay in the 11th inning . Baltimore rallied against Joba Chamberlain and Rivera ; both teams missed a chance to win in the late innings ; and the Yankees ultimately prevailed on the strength of three infield hits and a couple of Baltimore errors in a wild 11th . Robinson Cano led off the 11th with a double off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) . After Nick Swisher failed on a bunt attempt , Cano was caught between the bases . Catcher Matt Wieters threw to second	False
The thriller of a game had a bit of everything , including a 40-minute rain delay in the 11th inning . Baltimore rallied against Joba Chamberlain and Rivera ; both teams missed a chance to win in the late innings ; and the Yankees ultimately prevailed on the strength of three infield hits and a couple of Baltimore errors in a wild 11th . Robinson Cano led off the 11th with a double off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) . After Nick Swisher failed on a bunt attempt , Cano was caught between the bases . Catcher Matt Wieters threw to second , and Cano scampered safely to third	False
Robinson Cano led off the 11th with a double off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) . After Nick Swisher failed on a bunt attempt , Cano was caught between the bases . Catcher Matt Wieters threw to second , and Cano scampered safely to third . Swisher struck out , and after an intentional walk to Eric Chavez , Martin hit a grounder deep in the hole to shortstop Robert Andino , who threw wildly to second	False
Swisher struck out , and after an intentional walk to Eric Chavez , Martin hit a grounder deep in the hole to shortstop Robert Andino , who threw wildly to second in a desperate attempt to start a double play . One out later , Derek Jeter hit a slow roller to third	False
Jeter had four hits for the Yankees , who earned their sixth straight series win at Camden Yards . New York is 41 - 17 against Baltimore since the start of the 2008 season . After Reynolds hit a two - run homer off Chamberlain to make it 3 - 2 in the seventh	True
Jeter had four hits for the Yankees , who earned their sixth straight series win at Camden Yards . New York is 41 - 17 against Baltimore since the start of the 2008 season . After Reynolds hit a two - run homer off Chamberlain to make it 3 - 2 in the seventh , the Orioles drew even in the ninth	True
Jeter had four hits for the Yankees , who earned their sixth straight series win at Camden Yards . New York is 41 - 17 against Baltimore since the start of the 2008 season . After Reynolds hit a two - run homer off Chamberlain to make it 3 - 2 in the seventh , the Orioles drew even in the ninth . With runners on first	False
Jeter had four hits for the Yankees , who earned their sixth straight series win at Camden Yards . New York is 41 - 17 against Baltimore since the start of the 2008 season . After Reynolds hit a two - run homer off Chamberlain to make it 3 - 2 in the seventh , the Orioles drew even in the ninth . With runners on first and second	False
The throw kept the Yankees alive , but Rivera still felt badly about giving up the lead . In the top of the 10th	True
The throw kept the Yankees alive , but Rivera still felt badly about giving up the lead . In the top of the 10th , New York had runners at the corners with one out when Alex Rodriguez lifted a fly ball to medium center . Jeter tagged up at third	False
Freddy Garcia pitched six innings of two - hit ball for New York and left with a 3 - 0 lead . He struck out seven and walked two in his second start with the Yankees . The right-hander permitted one runner past second base and retired 13 of the last 14 batters he faced . With the score 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
New York needed only four pitches to take a 2 - 0 lead . After Jeter singled on Arrieta 's first offering , Granderson hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the right-field seats , his team-high seventh homer of the season . Arrieta rebounded from his poor start to keep the Yankees in check until the fifth	True
Detroit has eight straight victories against the White Sox , dating to Sept. 7 , 2010 , for its longest winning streak against them since winning as many consecutive games from 1949 - 50 . The Tigers scored five runs in the fourth	True
The Tigers scored five runs in the fourth to give Penny more than enough support . Penny was perfect until hitting Carlos Quentin on a full-count pitch with two outs in the fourth	True
Penny was perfect until hitting Carlos Quentin on a full-count pitch with two outs in the fourth . After Morel reached first	False
Penny was perfect until hitting Carlos Quentin on a full-count pitch with two outs in the fourth . After Morel reached first , Pierre walked . Penny got out of a two - on , one - out jam in the sixth	True
After Morel reached first , Pierre walked . Penny got out of a two - on , one - out jam in the sixth by getting Alexei Ramirez to fly out and hot-hitting Quentin to pop out . Jackson held the Tigers scoreless through three innings , then they scored five in the fourth thanks in part to some poor defense and three more in the sixth	False
Jhonny Peralta 's liner to left was mishandled by Pierre , letting two runs score . Alex Avila followed with a triple on a deep fly that faded away from center fielder Alex Rios , allowing two more to score . Inge scored the final run of the inning on a headfirst slide , beating a throw from shortstop Ramirez on a fielder 's choice . Detroit 's Ryan Perry replaced Penny in the eighth	True
Jhonny Peralta 's liner to left was mishandled by Pierre , letting two runs score . Alex Avila followed with a triple on a deep fly that faded away from center fielder Alex Rios , allowing two more to score . Inge scored the final run of the inning on a headfirst slide , beating a throw from shortstop Ramirez on a fielder 's choice . Detroit 's Ryan Perry replaced Penny in the eighth and promptly gave up singles to the first two White Sox he faced , but bounced back to strand runners . After Ryan Raburn drove in his seventh run in two games against Chicago , Al Alburquerque pitched the ninth	True
The Reds have given up 23 runs in the first inning , the most in the majors . Daniel Hudson ( 0 - 4 ) was far worse in the bottom half of the inning , throwing 37 pitches while facing nine batters . He walked Jay Bruce and Paul Janish with the bases loaded to force in runs and gave up a two - run single by Miguel Cairo . Joey Votto hit his third homer in the fifth	True
Hudson has also been struggling in the first inning . Francisco Cordero came on with a four - run lead in the ninth	True
MIAMI -- Chris Coghlan was fast getting to first	False
MIAMI -- Chris Coghlan was fast getting to first . Emilio Bonifacio was faster getting home from second	False
Coghlan drove in three runs , two of them on a second-inning infield single , and Ricky Nolasco struck out eight in seven innings as the Marlins beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 0 on Wednesday night . The Marlins have eight home runs in 16 games , yet are still off to a 10 - 6 start , second	False
The Marlins have eight home runs in 16 games , yet are still off to a 10 - 6 start , second in the NL East behind Philadelphia . Bonifacio had two hits and scored from second	False
The Marlins have eight home runs in 16 games , yet are still off to a 10 - 6 start , second in the NL East behind Philadelphia . Bonifacio had two hits and scored from second on Coghlan 's slow roller to highlight a four - run Florida second	True
Edward Mujica allowed one hit in the final two innings for Florida , which beat Pittsburgh by the same 6 - 0 score on Tuesday night . Morton had allowed five runs -- four earned -- in his first three starts , never giving up more than one in any inning . That changed quickly against the Marlins , who had six straight batters reach with two out in the second	True
Morton had allowed five runs -- four earned -- in his first three starts , never giving up more than one in any inning . That changed quickly against the Marlins , who had six straight batters reach with two out in the second and matched their biggest one - inning output of the young season . Singles by John Buck and Bonifacio got Florida started , and a four - pitch walk to Nolasco loaded the bases . The next batter was Coghlan , who tapped the first pitch toward the right side and beat it out -- all while Bonifacio , Florida 's speediest player , had a green light from third base coach Joey Espada and never broke stride on his sprint from second	False
Bonifacio beat the tag , singles by Omar Infante and Hanley Ramirez knocked in two more runs , and Florida was up 4 - 0 . Bonifacio -- who was only in the lineup because left fielder Logan Morrison is sidelined with a left foot injury -- and Coghlan struck again in the third	True
That was more than plenty for Nolasco , who had n't gotten six runs of support since last July 31 . He struck out the side in the fourth	True
That was more than plenty for Nolasco , who had n't gotten six runs of support since last July 31 . He struck out the side in the fourth , worked another 1 - 2 - 2 inning in the fifth	True
He struck out the side in the fourth , worked another 1 - 2 - 2 inning in the fifth , and got help from two defensive gems by Ramirez -- who victimized Pittsburgh third baseman Pedro Alvarez both times . The Marlins ' shortstop fielded a sharp one - hopper by Alvarez behind the second-base bag in the second	True
He struck out the side in the fourth , worked another 1 - 2 - 2 inning in the fifth , and got help from two defensive gems by Ramirez -- who victimized Pittsburgh third baseman Pedro Alvarez both times . The Marlins ' shortstop fielded a sharp one - hopper by Alvarez behind the second-base bag in the second , then threw from his knee in time for the out . And with two out in the seventh	True
Fernando Abad and Jeff Fulchino finished the four - hitter . Bourn opened the game with a single and moved to second	False
Fernando Abad and Jeff Fulchino finished the four - hitter . Bourn opened the game with a single and moved to second on Angel Sanchez 's sacrifice . Bourn then stole third	False
Bourn opened the game with a single and moved to second on Angel Sanchez 's sacrifice . Bourn then stole third and scored on Lee 's single . Lee also singled in the third	True
Lee also singled in the third and was shaken up on the bases . Chris Johnson hit a grounder toward the hole and new Mets second baseman Justin Turner tried for a force play . His wild , off-balance throw went past second	False
Lee also singled in the third and was shaken up on the bases . Chris Johnson hit a grounder toward the hole and new Mets second baseman Justin Turner tried for a force play . His wild , off-balance throw went past second , so Lee took off for third	False
Lee also singled in the third and was shaken up on the bases . Chris Johnson hit a grounder toward the hole and new Mets second baseman Justin Turner tried for a force play . His wild , off-balance throw went past second , so Lee took off for third . But Wright scooped up the ball and beat Lee in a race to third	False
Chris Johnson hit a grounder toward the hole and new Mets second baseman Justin Turner tried for a force play . His wild , off-balance throw went past second , so Lee took off for third . But Wright scooped up the ball and beat Lee in a race to third , diving to tag the slugger on a bang-bang play at the bag . Lee was called out and stayed down for a moment before walking back to the dugout holding his arm . He hyperextended his left elbow on the slide as he collided with Wright , but Lee remained in the game until he was replaced in left field by Jason Bourgeois with a 6 - 1 lead in the eighth	True
Lee was called out and stayed down for a moment before walking back to the dugout holding his arm . He hyperextended his left elbow on the slide as he collided with Wright , but Lee remained in the game until he was replaced in left field by Jason Bourgeois with a 6 - 1 lead in the eighth . Brett Wallace singled to start the fourth	True
Brett Wallace singled to start the fourth and scored on a double by Towles , just back from a sprained left ankle . The eighth batter in the lineup , he finished 2 - for - 2 with a pair of walks to lift his average to .429 . Sanchez drew a walk from Pedro Beato in the seventh	True
Sanchez drew a walk from Pedro Beato in the seventh and scored when left fielder Scott Hairston could n't catch Lee 's deep drive with two outs . The ball glanced off Hairston 's glove just before his back slammed into the high fence and he was charged with an error . Beltran connected leading off the seventh	True
The Mets put two on with two outs but Rodriguez struck out pinch-hitter Chin-lung Hu with his 118th and final pitch . Houston tacked on three runs against New York 's struggling bullpen in the eighth	True
The Angels had won five in a row with some solid pitching performances to enter the three - game series tied with Texas atop the division at 10 - 5 . Then Ervin Santana ( 0 - 2 ) ran into a little bit of trouble . Moreland 's two - out , two - run single in the fourth put the Rangers ahead to stay . Texas added four runs in the fifth	True
Moreland 's two - out , two - run single in the fourth put the Rangers ahead to stay . Texas added four runs in the fifth , including Beltre 's three - run homer to straightaway center . Kinsler started the fifth	True
Santana struck out three and walked two while giving up 10 hits in four - plus innings . He is 11 - 8 in 22 career starts against the Rangers , his most against any team . Wilson ( 2 - 0 ) was already over 100 pitches when he gave up three consecutive two - out singles in the seventh	True
Wilson ( 2 - 0 ) was already over 100 pitches when he gave up three consecutive two - out singles in the seventh , the last to Howie Kendrick for the Angels ' only run . The crafty left-hander got a rousing ovation from the crowd when walking to the dugout after he got Bobby Abreu on an inning-ending flyball . Wilson scattered nine hits . His only walk was to Abreu in the first	True
McCutchen and Jose Tabata started it with back-to-back homers -- only the third time that 's happened in Pirates history . McCutchen singled off Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 1 ) for the go-ahead run , which barely held up . Closer Joel Hanrahan came on with two aboard in the eighth	True
McCutchen and Jose Tabata started it with back-to-back homers -- only the third time that 's happened in Pirates history . McCutchen singled off Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 1 ) for the go-ahead run , which barely held up . Closer Joel Hanrahan came on with two aboard in the eighth and got Scott Rolen to line into a double play , started by shortstop Ronny Cedeno 's diving catch . The Reds then loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	False
Closer Joel Hanrahan came on with two aboard in the eighth and got Scott Rolen to line into a double play , started by shortstop Ronny Cedeno 's diving catch . The Reds then loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth , but Hanrahan got Drew Stubbs to fly out , securing his fifth save in five chances . Chris Resop ( 1 - 0 ) escaped yet another Reds threat in the seventh	True
Volquez threw hard -- his fastball hit 96 mph -- but had poor control . After the homers , he walked Lyle Overbay on four pitches . Neil Walker doubled off the wall in center , and Volquez walked Garrett Jones and Chris Snyder to force in a run . Cedeno hit a sacrifice fly to warning track in center for a 4 - 0 lead . On opening day , Volquez also opened the game by giving up back-to-back homers to Milwaukee 's Rickie Weeks and Carlos Gomez . The Reds rallied in the ninth	True
This time , they came up one hit short . Jonny Gomes led off the second	True
No one could have anticipated him to score the winning run the way he did Friday night . Werth , who reached on a throwing error by Milwaukee Brewers ' shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt in the 10th inning , kept on running to second	False
Milwaukee reliever Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) , might not have thought Werth was going , but manager Ron Roenicke did . After the stolen base , the Brewers played a five - man infielder with left fielder Ryan Braun playing between first	False
Milwaukee reliever Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) , might not have thought Werth was going , but manager Ron Roenicke did . After the stolen base , the Brewers played a five - man infielder with left fielder Ryan Braun playing between first and second	False
Milwaukee reliever Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) , might not have thought Werth was going , but manager Ron Roenicke did . After the stolen base , the Brewers played a five - man infielder with left fielder Ryan Braun playing between first and second . LaRoche bounced to first	False
Third baseman Casey McGehee was n't holding Werth on . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) , the Nationals ' fifth pitcher , worked a scoreless 10th	True
Rickie Weeks had three hits -- including a two - run homer for the Brewers , who had won their previous four games . The Nationals scored three runs against Narveson in the second	True
The Nationals scored three runs against Narveson in the second . LaRoche led off with a walk . Singles to Wilson Ramos and Michael Morse loaded the bases , and with one out , Narveson walked Jerry Hairston and Gorzelanny to score LaRoche and Ramos . Morse scored on Danny Espinosa 's sacrifice fly . Espinosa was elevated to the leadoff spot and Ian Desmond took his place in the seventh spot in an effort to generate more offense . Riggleman said he hoped that Desmond , who is hitless in his last 14 at-bats , would feel less pressure batting seventh	False
Espinosa was elevated to the leadoff spot and Ian Desmond took his place in the seventh spot in an effort to generate more offense . Riggleman said he hoped that Desmond , who is hitless in his last 14 at-bats , would feel less pressure batting seventh . Weeks hit a long two - run home run to the back of the left field bullpen off Gorzelanny with two outs in the fifth	True
The Royals manager had Chris Getz lay down a sacrifice , something he almost never does so early , and two batters later Alex Gordon lashed a two - run double down the right-field line . Wilson Betemit also drove in two runs and Bruce Chen did the rest , pitching eight strong innings to help the Royals post a 5 - 1 rain-shortened victory over the Seattle Mariners on Thursday night . The game was called after a delay of 47 minutes in the bottom of the eighth	True
The game was called after a delay of 47 minutes in the bottom of the eighth . Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed six hits and walked one in his fourth career complete game and second	False
Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed six hits and walked one in his fourth career complete game and second in his last four starts dating to his final game last year . He improved to 4 - 0 against the Mariners and has won his last six decisions overall to even his career record at 50 - 50 . The left-hander had tossed 13 consecutive scoreless innings before Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice fly drove in an unearned run in the eighth	True
The left-hander had tossed 13 consecutive scoreless innings before Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice fly drove in an unearned run in the eighth . Gordon 's double was off Doug Fister ( 0 - 3 ) , and he scored on Billy Butler 's single for a 3 - 0 lead . Betemit homered in the fourth	True
The left-hander had tossed 13 consecutive scoreless innings before Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice fly drove in an unearned run in the eighth . Gordon 's double was off Doug Fister ( 0 - 3 ) , and he scored on Billy Butler 's single for a 3 - 0 lead . Betemit homered in the fourth and had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
Fister yielded eight hits in seven innings , finishing with five strikeouts and a walk . Seattle 's Ichiro Suzuki singled in the third	True
Fister yielded eight hits in seven innings , finishing with five strikeouts and a walk . Seattle 's Ichiro Suzuki singled in the third and fifth	True
Seattle 's Ichiro Suzuki singled in the third and fifth , going 2 - for - 4 to match George Brett 's Kauffman Stadium record of nine consecutive multihit games . He 's hit safely in 15 straight games in Kauffman . Alcides Escobar and Melky Cabrera singled ahead of Gordon 's double in the third	True
Alcides Escobar and Melky Cabrera singled ahead of Gordon 's double in the third . Cabrera had two hits and has at least one hit in eight of the last nine games . Betemit connected with one out in the fourth	True
Alcides Escobar and Melky Cabrera singled ahead of Gordon 's double in the third . Cabrera had two hits and has at least one hit in eight of the last nine games . Betemit connected with one out in the fourth , driving a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in left for his first homer . His fly ball to left in the sixth scored Kila Ka'aihue , who reached on a one - out single and went to third	False
Betemit connected with one out in the fourth , driving a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in left for his first homer . His fly ball to left in the sixth scored Kila Ka'aihue , who reached on a one - out single and went to third on Jeff Francoeur 's base hit . Chone Figgins doubled in the eighth	False
Betemit connected with one out in the fourth , driving a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in left for his first homer . His fly ball to left in the sixth scored Kila Ka'aihue , who reached on a one - out single and went to third on Jeff Francoeur 's base hit . Chone Figgins doubled in the eighth and went to third	False
Hall of Fame broadcasters Vin Scully and Jaime Jarrin appeared on the stadium 's video board with English and Spanish messages before the game urging fans to have a good time but respect those around them . Los Angeles police did n't immediately have a tally but reported a few citations issued before the game . Inside the stadium , the announced crowd of 34,288 was low-key and many fans streamed out after the seventh-inning stretch with the Dodgers trailing by six runs . Owner Frank McCourt 's box was deserted by the eighth	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a career-high-tying 10 hits and six runs -- five earned -- in five innings , struck out three and walked none in the Dodgers ' third straight loss . His three wild pitches were a career high . Pujols sent a 3 - 2 pitch from Kuroda into the lower left-field seats with one out in the fifth	True
Pujols sent a 3 - 2 pitch from Kuroda into the lower left-field seats with one out in the fifth , extending the Cardinals ' lead to 5 - 3 . The slugger has gotten off to a slow start this season and was 7 - for - 28 on the road trip before homering . Holliday hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
Pujols sent a 3 - 2 pitch from Kuroda into the lower left-field seats with one out in the fifth , extending the Cardinals ' lead to 5 - 3 . The slugger has gotten off to a slow start this season and was 7 - for - 28 on the road trip before homering . Holliday hit a two - run double in the seventh and had an RBI single in the third	True
Pujols sent a 3 - 2 pitch from Kuroda into the lower left-field seats with one out in the fifth , extending the Cardinals ' lead to 5 - 3 . The slugger has gotten off to a slow start this season and was 7 - for - 28 on the road trip before homering . Holliday hit a two - run double in the seventh and had an RBI single in the third a night after going hitless for the first time this season . Every position player in the Cardinals ' lineup had at least one hit as they won their second	False
Holliday hit a two - run double in the seventh and had an RBI single in the third a night after going hitless for the first time this season . Every position player in the Cardinals ' lineup had at least one hit as they won their second in a row . Matt Kemp had two RBIs and three hits , including a homer in the ninth	True
Holliday hit a two - run double in the seventh and had an RBI single in the third a night after going hitless for the first time this season . Every position player in the Cardinals ' lineup had at least one hit as they won their second in a row . Matt Kemp had two RBIs and three hits , including a homer in the ninth , and Jamey Carroll had three hits for the Dodgers , who also scored on a passed ball by Yadier Molina in the fourth	True
After throwing 7 1/3 strong innings to win 7 - 1 at Pittsburgh last Thursday , Rogers lasted 5 2/3 innings this time . He gave up three runs and seven hits before four relievers finished up . Huston Street tossed a perfect ninth	True
Huston Street tossed a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Carlos Gonzalez made a diving catch in left field to save a run in the first	True
Carlos Gonzalez made a diving catch in left field to save a run in the first for the Rockies . Seth Smith drew a one - out walk in the fifth	True
Carlos Gonzalez made a diving catch in left field to save a run in the first for the Rockies . Seth Smith drew a one - out walk in the fifth , Jonathan Herrera singled and Gonzalez 's slow groundout left runners at second	False
Carlos Gonzalez made a diving catch in left field to save a run in the first for the Rockies . Seth Smith drew a one - out walk in the fifth , Jonathan Herrera singled and Gonzalez 's slow groundout left runners at second and third	False
Seth Smith drew a one - out walk in the fifth , Jonathan Herrera singled and Gonzalez 's slow groundout left runners at second and third . With first base open , the Mets had a chance to walk Tulowitzki and instead face Jose Lopez with the bases loaded , but Collins chose not to . Tulowitzki reached for an 0 - 1 pitch that appeared to be outside and punched a slicing shot into the right-field corner . His fifth home run of the season , and second	False
The All-Star shortstop hit a two - run shot with first base open in the eighth inning Monday night , giving the Rockies a three - run cushion in a 7 - 6 victory . He also made an outstanding defensive play to preserve a seventh-inning tie in that game . Spilborghs added a solo shot off Niese in the sixth	True
The All-Star shortstop hit a two - run shot with first base open in the eighth inning Monday night , giving the Rockies a three - run cushion in a 7 - 6 victory . He also made an outstanding defensive play to preserve a seventh-inning tie in that game . Spilborghs added a solo shot off Niese in the sixth , his first	False
The All-Star shortstop hit a two - run shot with first base open in the eighth inning Monday night , giving the Rockies a three - run cushion in a 7 - 6 victory . He also made an outstanding defensive play to preserve a seventh-inning tie in that game . Spilborghs added a solo shot off Niese in the sixth , his first of the season . New York cut it to 5 - 4 on Angel Pagan 's sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Spilborghs added a solo shot off Niese in the sixth , his first of the season . New York cut it to 5 - 4 on Angel Pagan 's sacrifice fly in the seventh . The Mets intentionally walked Tulowitzki with first base open in the ninth	False
The Mets intentionally walked Tulowitzki with first base open in the ninth and got out of the inning unscathed . Tulowitzki doubled in the fourth	True
The Royals started the day with the AL 's second-best batting average and every starter except Matt Treanor finished with a hit . Liriano went 14 - 10 with a 3.62 ERA last year and ranked fifth	False
Gardenhire has been telling Liriano to relax , trust his movement and pitch to contact . In the first three innings , Liriano holds a 2.00 ERA ; from the fourth inning on , his ERA jumps to 18.56 and hitters are hitting .448 off him . Kansas City opened the fourth	True
Kansas City opened the fourth with five straight singles before a two - run double by Aviles . Alcides Escobar later singled and Chris Getz had an RBI single . Aviles added an RBI double in the sixth	False
Kansas City opened the fourth with five straight singles before a two - run double by Aviles . Alcides Escobar later singled and Chris Getz had an RBI single . Aviles added an RBI double in the sixth after Minnesota struck for four runs in the fifth	True
Kansas City opened the fourth with five straight singles before a two - run double by Aviles . Alcides Escobar later singled and Chris Getz had an RBI single . Aviles added an RBI double in the sixth after Minnesota struck for four runs in the fifth against Davies . Gordon hit a two - run double as part of a three - run ninth	True
The Twins scored in the first inning for the first time this season but missed a prime opportunity for more . Span opened with a single , the first leadoff hit for Minnesota this season , and later scored . The Twins had runners at first	False
The Twins scored in the first inning for the first time this season but missed a prime opportunity for more . Span opened with a single , the first leadoff hit for Minnesota this season , and later scored . The Twins had runners at first and third	False
The Rockies ' 6 - 2 start is their second-best in franchise history . If not for two extra-inning losses , they 'd be unbeaten . A year ago , the Rockies collapsed down the stretch . Sitting at 82 - 66 on Sept. 18 , they were poised for a playoff appearance before going 1 - 13 and finishing third	False
`` I love our approach . It 's a humble , fighting , grinding approach . We 've got a lot of talent . '' Smith , who had an RBI single in Colorado 's four - run first	True
`` I love our approach . It 's a humble , fighting , grinding approach . We 've got a lot of talent . '' Smith , who had an RBI single in Colorado 's four - run first , drew his two - out walk from Mike Crotta ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Smith , who had an RBI single in Colorado 's four - run first , drew his two - out walk from Mike Crotta ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh . Crotta walked three of the four batters he faced and gave up a tying RBI single in the inning to Jason Giambi . Jose Lopez hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Smith , who had an RBI single in Colorado 's four - run first , drew his two - out walk from Mike Crotta ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh . Crotta walked three of the four batters he faced and gave up a tying RBI single in the inning to Jason Giambi . Jose Lopez hit a three - run homer in the first for the Rockies , who have been alone in first	False
Jhoulys Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four earned runs and seven hits in six innings as Colorado 's starters improved to 5 - 0 this season . But they would n't be unblemished if not for the Rockies relievers . Felipe Paulino , Matt Reynolds , Matt Lindstrom and Street combined for three hitless , scoreless innings . The Rockies appeared on their way to an easy win , scoring four in the first	True
Jhoulys Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four earned runs and seven hits in six innings as Colorado 's starters improved to 5 - 0 this season . But they would n't be unblemished if not for the Rockies relievers . Felipe Paulino , Matt Reynolds , Matt Lindstrom and Street combined for three hitless , scoreless innings . The Rockies appeared on their way to an easy win , scoring four in the first off Pittsburgh starter James McDonald , who managed to stay around until the seventh	True
Lyle Overbay had two RBIs and Jose Tabata extended his hitting streak to 10 games for the Pirates ( 5 - 5 ) , who are back to .500 after opening the season by winning four of six on the road , a start that had Pittsburgh fans hoping this squad could finally end 18 straight losing years . Trailing 4 - 0 after one , the Pirates caught the Rockies by scoring three in the third	True
Lyle Overbay had two RBIs and Jose Tabata extended his hitting streak to 10 games for the Pirates ( 5 - 5 ) , who are back to .500 after opening the season by winning four of six on the road , a start that had Pittsburgh fans hoping this squad could finally end 18 straight losing years . Trailing 4 - 0 after one , the Pirates caught the Rockies by scoring three in the third and passed them with an unearned run in the fourth	True
McDonald has had success against Colorado , recording three of his nine career wins against the Rockies . But whatever comfort the right-hander had against them was n't evident in the first	True
McGehee had been mired in a 3 - for - 22 slump this homestand and did n't get the start . He 'd expected to clear his thoughts with the day off before heading to the plate in a crucial situation . Wood ( 0 - 1 ) walked Yuniesky Betancourt after getting ahead 0 - 2 to open the eighth	True
McGehee had been mired in a 3 - for - 22 slump this homestand and did n't get the start . He 'd expected to clear his thoughts with the day off before heading to the plate in a crucial situation . Wood ( 0 - 1 ) walked Yuniesky Betancourt after getting ahead 0 - 2 to open the eighth and Betancourt reached second	False
Chicago 's Aramis Ramirez drove in three runs and had three doubles , but the bullpen could n't hold on . After Yovani Gallardo labored through five innings , Milwaukee 's bullpen ran into trouble in the seventh	True
Tyler Colvin 's RBI groundout off Loe ( 1 - 0 ) gave the Cubs a 5 - 4 lead , but it did n't last thanks to McGehee . Brewers closer John Axford allowed a leadoff single to Marlon Byrd in the ninth	True
Brewers closer John Axford allowed a leadoff single to Marlon Byrd in the ninth , but Byrd was caught stealing by Kottaras , and Axford retired Ramirez and Carlos Pena for his third save in four opportunities . Ramirez had started this road trip that continues Monday in Houston 1 for 8 before doubling down the left-field line in the first inning to drive in two . Fielder tied it in the bottom of the first	True
Ramirez had started this road trip that continues Monday in Houston 1 for 8 before doubling down the left-field line in the first inning to drive in two . Fielder tied it in the bottom of the first with his second homer . Chicago added runs in the second	True
Ramirez had started this road trip that continues Monday in Houston 1 for 8 before doubling down the left-field line in the first inning to drive in two . Fielder tied it in the bottom of the first with his second homer . Chicago added runs in the second on Darwin Barney 's RBI single and the third	True
Ramirez had started this road trip that continues Monday in Houston 1 for 8 before doubling down the left-field line in the first inning to drive in two . Fielder tied it in the bottom of the first with his second homer . Chicago added runs in the second on Darwin Barney 's RBI single and the third on Ramirez 's run-scoring double to put the Cubs up 4 - 2 , but Milwaukee tied it again on Braun 's two - run shot off Casey Coleman in the bottom of the third	True
Coleman got the start because Randy Wells ( right forearm ) is on the disabled list . Cubs right fielder Kosuke Fukudome saved a run in the second	True
Coleman got the start because Randy Wells ( right forearm ) is on the disabled list . Cubs right fielder Kosuke Fukudome saved a run in the second with a diving catch for the third	True
Coleman got the start because Randy Wells ( right forearm ) is on the disabled list . Cubs right fielder Kosuke Fukudome saved a run in the second with a diving catch for the third out and made a shoestring grab with two on and one out in the fifth	True
Cubs right fielder Kosuke Fukudome saved a run in the second with a diving catch for the third out and made a shoestring grab with two on and one out in the fifth to keep the game tied . After doubling for the third time in the fifth	True
Cleveland completed an impressive three - game sweep of the struggling Mariners and is off to a 7 - 2 start for the first time since beginning the 2002 season 8 - 1 . Cabrera , who had three hits , was only the beginning of Cleveland 's hit parade against Bedard , who was making his first home start for the Mariners since late July 2009 . Bedard ( 0 - 2 ) gave up another homer to Jack Hannahan in the fourth	True
The early runs from the Indians ' offense were more than enough for starter Josh Tomlin , who extended his club record of pitching at least five innings in all 14 career starts since he was called up from the minors last July . Tomlin allowed just a pair of singles into the seventh	True
Tomlin allowed just a pair of singles into the seventh before giving up a two - run homer to Ryan Langerhans . Tomlin went 6 2/3 innings , giving up three hits and three runs , nearly matching his first start this season against Boston when he went seven innings , giving up three hits and one run . Tomlin struck out four , but also walked three batters , helping lead to his high pitch count that eventually got him lifted in the seventh	True
Tomlin struck out four , but also walked three batters , helping lead to his high pitch count that eventually got him lifted in the seventh . Seattle pulled within 6 - 4 after Langerhans and Michael Saunders homered in the seventh	True
Seattle pulled within 6 - 4 after Langerhans and Michael Saunders homered in the seventh , but the trio of Rafael Perez , Tony Sipp and Chris Perez shut down Seattle for the second straight night . Rafael Perez got Ichiro Suzuki to line out to center to end the inning with Brantley making a good play to keep from trapping the sinking liner . Sipp then pitched a perfect eighth	True
Seattle pulled within 6 - 4 after Langerhans and Michael Saunders homered in the seventh , but the trio of Rafael Perez , Tony Sipp and Chris Perez shut down Seattle for the second straight night . Rafael Perez got Ichiro Suzuki to line out to center to end the inning with Brantley making a good play to keep from trapping the sinking liner . Sipp then pitched a perfect eighth and Chris Perez worked the ninth	False
Bedard 's first mistake was giving Asdrubal Cabrera a hittable 1 - 2 pitch that he drove out , but then followed up by allowing a two - out RBI double to Shelley Duncan after Shin-Soo Choo reached on a check-swing dribbler that stopped just inches from going foul . Bedard gave up consecutive two - out doubles to Marson and Brantley in the second	True
Bedard gave up consecutive two - out doubles to Marson and Brantley in the second , and Asdrubal Cabrera added an RBI single to cap the inning . Seattle 's defensive troubles also flared up again in the third	True
Seattle 's defensive troubles also flared up again in the third when a high throw by Suzuki from the outfield allowed Choo to score on Orlando Cabrera 's double . Bedard gave up 10 hits and struck out six , but was done by the fifth	True
He chose New York over Boston and Toronto when he signed as a free agent in December after an injury-plagued season with the Los Angeles Dodgers . In eight games , he 's hitting .321 with three homers and eight RBIs . His 2010 season ended on Aug. 3 when he broke his right hip and tore a labrum against San Diego while tagging up from third	False
Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano also went deep for the Yankees , who already have 18 homers through eight games . The Red Sox have allowed 19 in their eight games . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 perfect innings after starter Ivan Nova was lifted with one out in the fifth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 perfect innings after starter Ivan Nova was lifted with one out in the fifth with the Yankees leading 7 - 4 . Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs on eight hits in 3 2/3 innings as Boston 's starters continued to struggle . The Red Sox cut their deficit to 5 - 4 with three runs in the fourth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 perfect innings after starter Ivan Nova was lifted with one out in the fifth with the Yankees leading 7 - 4 . Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs on eight hits in 3 2/3 innings as Boston 's starters continued to struggle . The Red Sox cut their deficit to 5 - 4 with three runs in the fourth before Granderson hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 perfect innings after starter Ivan Nova was lifted with one out in the fifth with the Yankees leading 7 - 4 . Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs on eight hits in 3 2/3 innings as Boston 's starters continued to struggle . The Red Sox cut their deficit to 5 - 4 with three runs in the fourth before Granderson hit a two - run homer in the fifth . Cano and Martin added solo shots in the sixth	False
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 perfect innings after starter Ivan Nova was lifted with one out in the fifth with the Yankees leading 7 - 4 . Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs on eight hits in 3 2/3 innings as Boston 's starters continued to struggle . The Red Sox cut their deficit to 5 - 4 with three runs in the fourth before Granderson hit a two - run homer in the fifth . Cano and Martin added solo shots in the sixth and seventh	False
They reverted to form on Saturday . The Yankees went ahead 2 - 0 in the second	True
The Yankees went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on an error by shortstop Jed Lowrie , a double by Cano , a run-scoring groundout by Nick Swisher and an RBI double by Eric Chavez , his first hit with New York . Boston got within 2 - 1 in the third	False
The Yankees went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on an error by shortstop Jed Lowrie , a double by Cano , a run-scoring groundout by Nick Swisher and an RBI double by Eric Chavez , his first hit with New York . Boston got within 2 - 1 in the third when Dustin Pedroia doubled , took third	False
The Yankees went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on an error by shortstop Jed Lowrie , a double by Cano , a run-scoring groundout by Nick Swisher and an RBI double by Eric Chavez , his first hit with New York . Boston got within 2 - 1 in the third when Dustin Pedroia doubled , took third on a groundout and scored when Kevin Youkilis grounded to shortstop Derek Jeter . But New York increased that lead to 5 - 1 before Buchholz retired a batter in the third	True
Granderson walked , Chavez doubled and Martin , who signed a $ 4 million , one - year contract in the offseason , hit a three - run homer . Buchholz left the game after Jeter and Alex Rodriguez singled later in the third	True
In eight games , Boston 's starters are 1 - 5 with a 7.41 ERA while allowing 12 homers in 41 innings . The Red Sox struck back with three runs in the fourth	True
The Red Sox struck back with three runs in the fourth when Jacoby Ellsbury grounded into a run-scoring force play and Pedroia hit a two - run double , but they did n't score again . The Yankees , meanwhile , added two in the fifth	False
The Red Sox struck back with three runs in the fourth when Jacoby Ellsbury grounded into a run-scoring force play and Pedroia hit a two - run double , but they did n't score again . The Yankees , meanwhile , added two in the fifth off reliever Felix Doubront when Granderson hit his second homer of the season after Swisher doubled . Cano added his second homer and Martin hit his third	False
SAN DIEGO -- Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in the go-ahead run against his former team with two outs in the 11th inning Saturday and the Los Angeles Dodgers finally beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 in a game that had been suspended at 1:40 a.m. after four rain delays totaling 3 hours , 36 minutes . Gwynn , the son of Padres Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn , entered during a double switch in the bottom of the ninth	True
SAN DIEGO -- Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in the go-ahead run against his former team with two outs in the 11th inning Saturday and the Los Angeles Dodgers finally beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 in a game that had been suspended at 1:40 a.m. after four rain delays totaling 3 hours , 36 minutes . Gwynn , the son of Padres Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn , entered during a double switch in the bottom of the ninth . With two on in the 11th	True
SAN DIEGO -- Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in the go-ahead run against his former team with two outs in the 11th inning Saturday and the Los Angeles Dodgers finally beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 in a game that had been suspended at 1:40 a.m. after four rain delays totaling 3 hours , 36 minutes . Gwynn , the son of Padres Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn , entered during a double switch in the bottom of the ninth . With two on in the 11th , he hit a two - strike pitch from sidearmer Pat Neshek that dropped in front of right fielder Will Venable . That brought in Juan Uribe , who was aboard on a leadoff double against Ernesto Frieri ( 0 - 1 ) . Gwynn took second	False
After Uribe doubled , James Loney popped up and pinch hitter Aaron Miles reached when a breaking ball from Frieri hit him on the bill of his helmet . Frieri made way for Neshek , who struck out Rod Barajas to bring up Gwynn . After Gwynn 's single , Miles scored on a wild pitch . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings for the win . The game started Friday night and was suspended early Saturday with the score tied at 2 after Matt Kemp singled off Heath Bell in the top of the ninth	True
The teams were to follow with their regularly scheduled game . The Dodgers ' first two runs were unearned due to Padres catcher Nick Hundley 's throwing error in the fourth inning and passed ball in the sixth	True
The Dodgers ' first two runs were unearned due to Padres catcher Nick Hundley 's throwing error in the fourth inning and passed ball in the sixth . Casey Blake walked leading off the fourth	True
Casey Blake walked leading off the fourth and advanced on Kemp 's one - out walk . They pulled off a double steal , and Hundley 's throw to second sailed over Orlando Hudson 's head and into center field , allowing Blake to score for a 1 - 0 lead . The Padres went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Casey Blake walked leading off the fourth and advanced on Kemp 's one - out walk . They pulled off a double steal , and Hundley 's throw to second sailed over Orlando Hudson 's head and into center field , allowing Blake to score for a 1 - 0 lead . The Padres went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth , chasing starter Ted Lilly in the process . Lilly allowed three hits in the inning , including Hudson 's tying RBI single and Jorge Cantu 's double . He made way for Mike MacDougal with runners on second	False
Casey Blake walked leading off the fourth and advanced on Kemp 's one - out walk . They pulled off a double steal , and Hundley 's throw to second sailed over Orlando Hudson 's head and into center field , allowing Blake to score for a 1 - 0 lead . The Padres went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth , chasing starter Ted Lilly in the process . Lilly allowed three hits in the inning , including Hudson 's tying RBI single and Jorge Cantu 's double . He made way for Mike MacDougal with runners on second and third	False
The two newcomers hit their first homers Thursday for the Washington Nationals , who salvaged the final game of a three - game series by beating Florida , 5 - 3 . LaRoche snapped a slump with a two - run homer in the 11th	True
The two newcomers hit their first homers Thursday for the Washington Nationals , who salvaged the final game of a three - game series by beating Florida , 5 - 3 . LaRoche snapped a slump with a two - run homer in the 11th . Werth hit his first homer since signing a $ 126 million , seven - year contract to join the Nationals , but he went headfirst into third	True
Four Washington relievers combined to pitch six scoreless innings . Todd Coffey ( 1 - 0 ) , who was ejected from Wednesday 's game for arguing about ball-strike calls , pitched a perfect 10th	True
Four Washington relievers combined to pitch six scoreless innings . Todd Coffey ( 1 - 0 ) , who was ejected from Wednesday 's game for arguing about ball-strike calls , pitched a perfect 10th . Sean Burnett , extending a streak of 21 consecutive shutout innings since Aug. 26 , pitched the 11th	True
Todd Coffey ( 1 - 0 ) , who was ejected from Wednesday 's game for arguing about ball-strike calls , pitched a perfect 10th . Sean Burnett , extending a streak of 21 consecutive shutout innings since Aug. 26 , pitched the 11th for his second save in as many chances . Ryan Zimmerman reached on an infield single with one out in the 11th	True
The misplays forced ace Josh Johnson to throw extra pitches , and he departed after six innings . Johnson gave up three runs , one earned . Johnson retired the first 10 batters before giving up a bizarre hit : Werth slid headfirst into third base with a home run . The hit landed on top of the right-field wall , and Werth was unaware it had been ruled a homer until he reached third	False
Johnson retired the first 10 batters before giving up a bizarre hit : Werth slid headfirst into third base with a home run . The hit landed on top of the right-field wall , and Werth was unaware it had been ruled a homer until he reached third . The call stood after a replay review , the second	False
Just like the New York Yankees drew it up when they signed him to a $ 35 million , three - year contract in the offseason , Soriano got the ball to Mariano Rivera with a scoreless eighth Thursday . He protected a one - run lead in a 4 - 3 win over Minnesota , their first game since the Twins rallied from a 4 - 0 deficit to win in extra innings Tuesday . Minnesota lost more than the game : Its heralded Japanese import , Tsuyoshi Nishioka , broke his lower left leg after Nick Swisher slid into him at second base while breaking up a double play in the seventh	True
Derek Jeter passed Rogers Hornsby for 33rd place on baseball 's all-time list with two hits , and A. J. Burnett ( 2 - 0 ) improved to 7 - 0 in 12 April starts for the Yankees , allowing two runs on five hits in six innings . No . 9 hitter Brett Gardner helped the Yankees manufacture their first run in the third	True
Derek Jeter passed Rogers Hornsby for 33rd place on baseball 's all-time list with two hits , and A. J. Burnett ( 2 - 0 ) improved to 7 - 0 in 12 April starts for the Yankees , allowing two runs on five hits in six innings . No . 9 hitter Brett Gardner helped the Yankees manufacture their first run in the third , then drove in their final run in the fourth	True
New York won two out of three in the rain-shortened series . The Yankees now head to Boston to face the rival -- and winless -- Red Sox . After Wednesday 's rainout , manager Joe Girardi immediately gave Soriano another chance . Soriano allowed a leadoff single to Joe Mauer , then retired the Twins ' 4 - 5 - 5 hitters . Rivera pitched a perfect ninth	True
Soriano said his shoulder felt looser than it did Tuesday , when he walked three batters . Gardner led off the bottom of the third	True
Soriano said his shoulder felt looser than it did Tuesday , when he walked three batters . Gardner led off the bottom of the third with a walk . He stole second	False
Soriano said his shoulder felt looser than it did Tuesday , when he walked three batters . Gardner led off the bottom of the third with a walk . He stole second on a 3 - 0 count , then moved to third	False
Gardner led off the bottom of the third with a walk . He stole second on a 3 - 0 count , then moved to third on a groundout by Jeter . Swisher drove him in with a sacrifice fly to deep right-center , and New York had a 1 - 0 lead without a hit in the inning . The Twins scored twice in the top of the fourth	False
Twins shortstop Alexi Casilla said Nishioka would have to learn how his new counterparts in America try to break up double plays -- and to stay behind the bag while turning two . The Twins manufactured a run of their own in the seventh	True
`` If he throws strikes , I like his chances . '' Tulowitzki connected for his third homer in the fourth	True
During pregame ceremonies , the Pirates paid tribute to part of their past by honoring late manager Chuck Tanner , who guided Pittsburgh to their most recent World Series title in 1979 , when Sister Sledge 's disco hit `` We Are A Family '' became a championship anthem . All was good , and then Walker made a throwing error in the first	True
All was good , and then Walker made a throwing error in the first that helped the Rockies take a 2 - 0 lead . With one out and a runner at first	False
All was good , and then Walker made a throwing error in the first that helped the Rockies take a 2 - 0 lead . With one out and a runner at first , he cleanly fielded Carlos Gonzalez 's tailor-made double play ball but threw wildly to second	False
All was good , and then Walker made a throwing error in the first that helped the Rockies take a 2 - 0 lead . With one out and a runner at first , he cleanly fielded Carlos Gonzalez 's tailor-made double play ball but threw wildly to second , the ball skipping past shortstop Ronny Cedeno and into foul territory . By the time the Pirates corralled it , Dexter Fowler had scored and Gonzalez was at third	False
Buck , who hit a grand slam on opening day , missed another by inches when the ball hit the top of the wall and caromed back onto the field . He settled for a three - run triple that helped the Marlins come from behind to win for the second consecutive night , this time by erasing a four - run deficit to beat Washington 7 - 4 . Chris Coghlan had three doubles and a single and scored three times for the Marlins , and Omar Infante put them ahead to stay with an RBI single in the sixth	True
Chris Coghlan had three doubles and a single and scored three times for the Marlins , and Omar Infante put them ahead to stay with an RBI single in the sixth . Four Florida relievers combined for four shutout innings . But Buck made the biggest contribution . With Livan Hernandez trying to protect a 4 - 1 lead and two outs in the fifth inning , Buck fouled off two 3 - 2 pitches , then lofted a fly that landed near the 404-foot sign . With the ball ruled in play , the Marlins ' 237-pound catcher chugged into third	False
The Nationals ( 1 - 4 ) have an overall average of .209 , and they 've scored only 14 runs . Ryan Zimmerman struck out with two on to end the game against Leo Nunez , who converted his first save chance . Brian Sanches ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect sixth	True
Josh Johnson , who has a career record of 7 - 0 against Washington , is scheduled to start Thursday when Florida tries for a sweep . The Nationals ' frustration peaked in the eighth	True
The Nationals ' frustration peaked in the eighth . As reliever Todd Coffey left the game , he argued with plate umpire Todd Tschida and was ejected . Coffey then threw his glove and went face to face with Tschida . Hernandez took a 4 - 0 led into the fifth	True
Hernandez took a 4 - 0 led into the fifth before tiring . He departed for a pinch hitter after throwing 97 pitches in five innings . He gave up six hits and five walks . Florida went ahead with two runs in the sixth	True
Hernandez took a 4 - 0 led into the fifth before tiring . He departed for a pinch hitter after throwing 97 pitches in five innings . He gave up six hits and five walks . Florida went ahead with two runs in the sixth off Chad Gaudin ( 0 - 1 ) . Pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs singled , took third	False
Dickey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits , struck out seven and walked three . The right-hander went 11 - 9 with a 2.84 ERA last season with the Mets , easily the best year of his career . New York jumped all over Javier Vazquez ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his Marlins debut . Jose Reyes led off the game with a double and Harris followed with a drive over the fence in right . The Mets added another run in the first	True
New York jumped all over Javier Vazquez ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his Marlins debut . Jose Reyes led off the game with a double and Harris followed with a drive over the fence in right . The Mets added another run in the first when shortstop Hanley Ramirez made an errant throw attempting to turn an inning-ending double play . Vazquez pitched a scoreless second	True
New York jumped all over Javier Vazquez ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his Marlins debut . Jose Reyes led off the game with a double and Harris followed with a drive over the fence in right . The Mets added another run in the first when shortstop Hanley Ramirez made an errant throw attempting to turn an inning-ending double play . Vazquez pitched a scoreless second , then unraveled after Davis hit a one - out solo drive on a 3 - 0 pitch in the third	True
And , they did it with Guthrie outdoing last year 's AL Cy Young Award runner-up . Roberts hit a two - run triple off Price in the fifth	True
And , they did it with Guthrie outdoing last year 's AL Cy Young Award runner-up . Roberts hit a two - run triple off Price in the fifth and scored on Markakis ' sacrifice fly . Markakis also had an RBI single in the third	True
Roberts hit a two - run triple off Price in the fifth and scored on Markakis ' sacrifice fly . Markakis also had an RBI single in the third . Ben Zobrist homered in the ninth	False
Ben Zobrist homered in the ninth for Tampa Bay . Rays newcomers Manny Ramirez and Johnny Damon each went 0 - for - 4 . In his third opening day start in four years , Guthrie returned 13 batters in a row between Dan Johnson 's second-inning double and Zobrist 's single leading off the sixth	True
Ben Zobrist homered in the ninth for Tampa Bay . Rays newcomers Manny Ramirez and Johnny Damon each went 0 - for - 4 . In his third opening day start in four years , Guthrie returned 13 batters in a row between Dan Johnson 's second-inning double and Zobrist 's single leading off the sixth . B. J. Upton double leading off the eighth	False
In his third opening day start in four years , Guthrie returned 13 batters in a row between Dan Johnson 's second-inning double and Zobrist 's single leading off the sixth . B. J. Upton double leading off the eighth for Tampa Bay 's third hit . Zobrist homered on the first pitch of the ninth	True
Chad Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . The right-hander , who signed a three - year contract Wednesday , improved to 5 - 1 with a 1.37 ERA against the Giants at home since 2008 . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked three . The Dodgers rallied from a two - run deficit with three runs in the sixth	True
Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked three . The Dodgers rallied from a two - run deficit with three runs in the sixth . James Loney 's sacrifice fly scored Matt Kemp , who singled and went all the way to third	False
The Dodgers rallied from a two - run deficit with three runs in the sixth . James Loney 's sacrifice fly scored Matt Kemp , who singled and went all the way to third on Marcus Thames ' slow grounder to third base . Rod Barajas followed with a single and Aaron Miles reached on an infield hit to third baseman Pablo Sandoval , whose throw to first got past rookie Brandon Belt for an error , putting runners at second	False
The Dodgers rallied from a two - run deficit with three runs in the sixth . James Loney 's sacrifice fly scored Matt Kemp , who singled and went all the way to third on Marcus Thames ' slow grounder to third base . Rod Barajas followed with a single and Aaron Miles reached on an infield hit to third baseman Pablo Sandoval , whose throw to first got past rookie Brandon Belt for an error , putting runners at second and third	False
Hector Gimenez batted for Billingsley and followed with a dribbler to the left of the mound , and Sanchez misplayed it for an error , allowing Barajas to score the tying run . Guillermo Mota relieved Sanchez and gave up Furcal 's RBI single that gave the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead . Belt hit a three - run homer to center on a 2 - 0 pitch from Billingsley in the fourth	True
Billingsley , however , rebounded quickly . The Dodgers ' first run came on Kemp 's ground-rule double to left-center with two outs in the third	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Matt Harrison was sharp for six innings , and he got all the support he needed from the power-hitting Texas Rangers lineup . Harrison allowed five hits and no runs , and got five homers from his teammates as the Rangers routed the Kansas City Royals 10 - 1 on Saturday night . Mitch Moreland , Mike Napoli and Endy Chavez hit consecutive homers in the second	True
The last big league team to go back-to-back-to-back was Boston at Texas on Aug. 13 , 2010 . Adrian Beltre added his team-best 11th homer , and Nelson Cruz connected for his ninth	False
Billy Butler had two hits for the Royals , who 've dropped 11 of 14 . In the first	True
In the first , O'Sullivan walked Ian Kinsler and Michael Young , and both scored when Beltre ripped an 0 - 2 pitch into the right-field corner for a double . If O'Sullivan thought he was getting a break facing Texas ' bottom three batters to open the second	True
If O'Sullivan thought he was getting a break facing Texas ' bottom three batters to open the second , he was mistaken . Moreland led off with his sixth homer into the visitors ' bullpen in left center , Napoli followed with his seventh	True
If O'Sullivan thought he was getting a break facing Texas ' bottom three batters to open the second , he was mistaken . Moreland led off with his sixth homer into the visitors ' bullpen in left center , Napoli followed with his seventh , and Chavez hit his first	False
Napoli had been in a 4 - for - 25 slump that dropped his average from .313 to .183 . The Rangers knocked out O'Sullivan with a three - run sixth	True
The Rangers knocked out O'Sullivan with a three - run sixth on Josh Hamilton 's RBI double and Cruz 's two - run homer for a 10 - 0 lead . Former Ranger Matt Treanor ended Texas ' shutout bid in the seventh	True
Bochy admitted he might have lost his temper in part because it has been such a frustrating week for the Giants . With the Brewers trying to rally in the eighth	True
Bochy stood by his assertion that baseball needs to make a rule to protect vulnerable catchers , but said Whiteside at least had time to catch the ball and brace for Fielder to run into him . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
Nyjer Morgan had a single and a double in his return from injury . But it was n't enough to give the Brewers what would have been a franchise record-tying 10th straight victory at home . Until the seventh inning , it had been shaping up as another strong outing for Marcum , who has been the Brewers ' best starter this season . The Giants finally got to him in the sixth	True
A fan sitting in the front row near home plate then earned the crowd 's ire when he appeared to interfere with what could have been an inning-ending foul popup . The fan was off the hook after Marcum got Pat Burrell to fly out . But Marcum got in trouble in the seventh	True
Logan Ondrusek ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to get the win . Francisco Cordero finished for his ninth save in 10 tries . Drew Stubbs got the Reds started with a one - out bunt single in the ninth	True
Logan Ondrusek ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to get the win . Francisco Cordero finished for his ninth save in 10 tries . Drew Stubbs got the Reds started with a one - out bunt single in the ninth . He advanced to second	False
Filling in for injured Joe Blanton , Vance Worley allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He has a 1.59 ERA in three starts . Trailing 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
Filling in for injured Joe Blanton , Vance Worley allowed two runs and six hits in five innings . He has a 1.59 ERA in three starts . Trailing 3 - 1 in the fifth , the Reds began a rally when Cueto drew a walk . Stubbs doubled down the right-field line and Phillips sliced a two - run single to right . Phillips advanced to second	False
Trailing 3 - 1 in the fifth , the Reds began a rally when Cueto drew a walk . Stubbs doubled down the right-field line and Phillips sliced a two - run single to right . Phillips advanced to second on right fielder Domonic Brown 's fielding error . After Votto walked , both runners advanced on Rolen 's deep fly to center . But Worley struck out Bruce and Chris Heisey fouled out after Ramon Hernandez was intentionally walked . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 1 in the second	True
Trailing 3 - 1 in the fifth , the Reds began a rally when Cueto drew a walk . Stubbs doubled down the right-field line and Phillips sliced a two - run single to right . Phillips advanced to second on right fielder Domonic Brown 's fielding error . After Votto walked , both runners advanced on Rolen 's deep fly to center . But Worley struck out Bruce and Chris Heisey fouled out after Ramon Hernandez was intentionally walked . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 1 in the second . Ryan Howard led off with a double off the scoreboard in right-center . Raul Ibanez followed with a double to right-center to tie it . He advanced to third	False
The Phillies went ahead 2 - 1 in the second . Ryan Howard led off with a double off the scoreboard in right-center . Raul Ibanez followed with a double to right-center to tie it . He advanced to third on a groundout and scored on Brown 's sacrifice fly . Ibanez singled and scored on a double by Carlos Ruiz in the fourth	True
Ibanez singled and scored on a double by Carlos Ruiz in the fourth that gave the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead . The Reds jumped ahead 1 - 0 on an RBI single by Rolen in the first	True
The Reds jumped ahead 1 - 0 on an RBI single by Rolen in the first . Votto hit a double to left with two outs and scored on Rolen 's bloop hit to right . Stubbs threw out Jimmy Rollins trying to score from second	False
The Reds jumped ahead 1 - 0 on an RBI single by Rolen in the first . Votto hit a double to left with two outs and scored on Rolen 's bloop hit to right . Stubbs threw out Jimmy Rollins trying to score from second on Chase Utley 's single to center in the third	True
The Reds jumped ahead 1 - 0 on an RBI single by Rolen in the first . Votto hit a double to left with two outs and scored on Rolen 's bloop hit to right . Stubbs threw out Jimmy Rollins trying to score from second on Chase Utley 's single to center in the third . Rollins , who doubled , got a bad jump off second	False
The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the third inning on a squeeze bunt from Matt Tolbert that scored Alexi Casilla . Olivo 's two - run homer in the fourth tied the game , but the Twins defense picked up Blackburn with a couple of stellar plays . Kubel made a brilliant diving catch in right field to end the fourth inning and Casilla charged a grounder to throw out Olivo at home plate and keep the game tied in the seventh	True
With the bases loaded and nobody out in the fourth inning of a scoreless game , Westbrook got Jeff Francoeur to pound a grounder right back to the mound . Westbrook reacted quickly and threw to catcher Yadier Molina for one out , then Molina whipped the ball to first base to complete the 1 - 2 - 2 double play , and the St. Louis Cardinals went on to shut out the Royals 3 - 0 on a bright , breezy afternoon . Matt Holliday snapped a scoreless tie in the eighth	True
Westbrook had faced the minimum the first three innings before giving up singles to Alex Gordon and Melky Cabrera . Pitching delicately to Eric Hosmer , he walked the rookie sensation , loading the bases . The third	True
Kansas City 's Nate Adcock went five scoreless innings in his first major league start . Albert Pujols singled off Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) with one out in the eighth	True
Albert Pujols singled off Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) with one out in the eighth and then Holliday , who came in with an NL-leading .357 average , hit Wood 's 2 - 1 pitch 433 feet over the left field fence . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth	True
The home run reminded Wood of what kind of hitter Holliday is . The Cardinals added a run in the ninth	True
The Cardinals added a run in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Theriot . Adcock struggled early but allowed only three hits and one walk while striking out four . He was relieved starting the sixth	True
In spite of the loss , the Royals tied their team record of 11 straight games without an error . The Cardinals had a runner at second base with less than two out in each of the first three innings but Adcock escaped each time . Theriot doubled leading off the first	True
In spite of the loss , the Royals tied their team record of 11 straight games without an error . The Cardinals had a runner at second base with less than two out in each of the first three innings but Adcock escaped each time . Theriot doubled leading off the first , Molina doubled leading off the second	True
In spite of the loss , the Royals tied their team record of 11 straight games without an error . The Cardinals had a runner at second base with less than two out in each of the first three innings but Adcock escaped each time . Theriot doubled leading off the first , Molina doubled leading off the second and Jon Jay singled with one out in the third	True
The Cardinals had a runner at second base with less than two out in each of the first three innings but Adcock escaped each time . Theriot doubled leading off the first , Molina doubled leading off the second and Jon Jay singled with one out in the third , moved up when Pujols was hit by a pitch , but got no farther as Holliday flied out and Colby Rasmus struck out . Gordon and Mike Aviles were each picked off first	False
The Cardinals had a runner at second base with less than two out in each of the first three innings but Adcock escaped each time . Theriot doubled leading off the first , Molina doubled leading off the second and Jon Jay singled with one out in the third , moved up when Pujols was hit by a pitch , but got no farther as Holliday flied out and Colby Rasmus struck out . Gordon and Mike Aviles were each picked off first , raising to six the numbers of Royals who have either been picked off or caught stealing in the last four games . Hosmer was doubled off first	False
Gordon and Mike Aviles were each picked off first , raising to six the numbers of Royals who have either been picked off or caught stealing in the last four games . Hosmer was doubled off first on Friday night . Gordon walked leading off the sixth	True
Gordon and Mike Aviles were each picked off first , raising to six the numbers of Royals who have either been picked off or caught stealing in the last four games . Hosmer was doubled off first on Friday night . Gordon walked leading off the sixth but was picked off by catcher Molina and Westbrook , with a quick move , got Aviles after he singled with two out in the seventh	True
Gordon walked leading off the sixth but was picked off by catcher Molina and Westbrook , with a quick move , got Aviles after he singled with two out in the seventh . Cabrera made a great catch of Allen Craig 's deep drive in the second inning , running toward the wall and leaping at the last second	False
Gordon walked leading off the sixth but was picked off by catcher Molina and Westbrook , with a quick move , got Aviles after he singled with two out in the seventh . Cabrera made a great catch of Allen Craig 's deep drive in the second inning , running toward the wall and leaping at the last second to snare the ball and prevent Yadier Molina from scoring from second	False
Mark Teixeira homered for the Yankees , who have lost six straight at home for the first time since 2003 . K-Rod , pitching in the Mets ' fifth consecutive game , worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
The Mets fired manager Jerry Manuel and GM Omar Minaya in an offseason housecleaning , borrowed $ 25 million from Major League Baseball , were served with a $ 1 billion lawsuit by the trustee charged with recovering money in the Bernard Madoff Ponzi scheme and are seeking a minority owner for a cash infusion . Familiar faces Johan Santana , David Wright , Ike Davis and Angel Pagan are all on the disabled list . Dickey had not won in eight starts since his first	False
The one run he allowed would 've been an out at spacious Citi Field . One pitch after Teixeira sent a shard of his bat flying toward second base on a foul ball , he lofted a third-inning drive that made it into the first row of seats in Yankee Stadium 's short right field -- just over the glove of a leaping Carlos Beltran . Filling in for Wright at third base , Turner sliced a run-scoring double to right in the fourth	True
The one run he allowed would 've been an out at spacious Citi Field . One pitch after Teixeira sent a shard of his bat flying toward second base on a foul ball , he lofted a third-inning drive that made it into the first row of seats in Yankee Stadium 's short right field -- just over the glove of a leaping Carlos Beltran . Filling in for Wright at third base , Turner sliced a run-scoring double to right in the fourth . He nearly had his 12th RBI over the six - game stretch in the sixth	True
The one run he allowed would 've been an out at spacious Citi Field . One pitch after Teixeira sent a shard of his bat flying toward second base on a foul ball , he lofted a third-inning drive that made it into the first row of seats in Yankee Stadium 's short right field -- just over the glove of a leaping Carlos Beltran . Filling in for Wright at third base , Turner sliced a run-scoring double to right in the fourth . He nearly had his 12th RBI over the six - game stretch in the sixth but his second double bounced into the stands , keeping the runner at third	False
BOSTON -- Once 0 - 6 , the Boston Red Sox are rolling . Carl Crawford hit a bases-loaded single in the bottom of the ninth	True
It was more thrilling than it had to be for the Red Sox , whose bullpen could n't hold a 3 - 1 lead after starter Josh Beckett left with stiffness in his neck before the seventh inning . Daniel Bard allowed back-to-back homers to Brennan Boesch and Miguel Cabrera in the eighth	True
It was more thrilling than it had to be for the Red Sox , whose bullpen could n't hold a 3 - 1 lead after starter Josh Beckett left with stiffness in his neck before the seventh inning . Daniel Bard allowed back-to-back homers to Brennan Boesch and Miguel Cabrera in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) got the win after pitching a scoreless , but hectic ninth	True
Daniel Bard allowed back-to-back homers to Brennan Boesch and Miguel Cabrera in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) got the win after pitching a scoreless , but hectic ninth , then the Red Sox came through against Al Alburquerque ( 0 - 1 ) in the bottom half . J. D. Drew and David Ortiz each homered for Boston and Beckett pitched six solid innings . He was pulled before the seventh	True
Justin Verlander went eight innings , striking out nine and holding the Red Sox to six hits and no walks . But two of the hits were solo homers by Ortiz and Drew . The Tigers ' offense did n't help much , either , stranding 10 runners . Kevin Youkilis walked leading off the ninth	True
Justin Verlander went eight innings , striking out nine and holding the Red Sox to six hits and no walks . But two of the hits were solo homers by Ortiz and Drew . The Tigers ' offense did n't help much , either , stranding 10 runners . Kevin Youkilis walked leading off the ninth and Boston brought in pinch runner Jose Iglesias , who went to third	False
Justin Verlander went eight innings , striking out nine and holding the Red Sox to six hits and no walks . But two of the hits were solo homers by Ortiz and Drew . The Tigers ' offense did n't help much , either , stranding 10 runners . Kevin Youkilis walked leading off the ninth and Boston brought in pinch runner Jose Iglesias , who went to third when Ortiz hit a single to right through the Tigers ' infield shift . Detroit walked Drew to load the bases with nobody out and Lowrie hit a blooper to shallow left . But Andy Dirks threw home in time to force the first	True
Kevin Youkilis walked leading off the ninth and Boston brought in pinch runner Jose Iglesias , who went to third when Ortiz hit a single to right through the Tigers ' infield shift . Detroit walked Drew to load the bases with nobody out and Lowrie hit a blooper to shallow left . But Andy Dirks threw home in time to force the first out . Darnell McDonald replaced Ortiz as a pinch runner at third	False
Darnell McDonald replaced Ortiz as a pinch runner at third and had an easy trot home when Crawford lined a ball to center field . Papelbon got himself in trouble in the ninth	True
Papelbon got himself in trouble in the ninth , allowing consecutive singles to Brandon Inge and Austin Jackson , then walked Scott Sizemore to load the bases with one out . Papelbon struck out Boesch on three pitches , then got Cabrera swinging to keep it tied . Boesch led off the eighth	True
Trying to fill the holes on the staff , the Red Sox , after the game , announced they agreed to a minor league contract with Kevin Millwood and acquired left-hander Franklin Morales from Colorado for a player to be named or cash . Beckett 's only inning of trouble was the second	True
Beckett 's only inning of trouble was the second , when he walked Cabrera to start . Victor Martinez followed with a single to right , then after a flyout to short left , Dirks drove in Cabrera with a single to put the Tigers up 1 - 0 . The Tigers had the bases loaded with one out , but Beckett stopped the damage by getting Inge and Jackson to fly out . Drew tied it with a sacrifice fly in the second	True
BOSTON -- Jarrod Saltalamacchia was behind the plate for Clay Buchholz 's seven shutout innings . Then he drove in the only run of a rainy game in the eighth	True
Both starters went seven innings . Buchholz , who won his previous three starts , struck out seven and allowed four hits and one walk . Phil Coke , who was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , had four strikeouts and gave up three hits and a walk . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) , who replaced Buchholz to start the eighth	True
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) , who replaced Buchholz to start the eighth , threw one pitch before the game was delayed for 26 minutes by rain . When play resumed , he retired the side in order . The Tigers had plenty of chances to score . They were 0 - for - 10 with runners in scoring position and the game ended with Victor Martinez standing on third	False
The feeling in the Tigers bullpen about one of their relievers was less pleasant . Ryan Perry set down the first two Red Sox batters in the bottom of the eighth	True
In his last nine starts , Saltalamacchia is 6 - for - 21 , raising his batting average from .194 to .221 . The Tigers threatened in the ninth	True
In his last nine starts , Saltalamacchia is 6 - for - 21 , raising his batting average from .194 to .221 . The Tigers threatened in the ninth when Martinez , who caught for the Red Sox last year , led off with a double . He took third	False
The Tigers threatened in the ninth when Martinez , who caught for the Red Sox last year , led off with a double . He took third on a ground out before Papelbon struck out the last two batters . Detroit lost for just the second time in nine games in a game played in a steady drizzle that got much heavier in the top of the seventh	True
Detroit lost for just the second time in nine games in a game played in a steady drizzle that got much heavier in the top of the seventh . In spite of that , the starting pitchers were outstanding . Buchholz escaped a bases-loaded jam in the seventh	True
Through six innings , each team managed just three hits . For Detroit , all three were doubles -- by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth	True
Through six innings , each team managed just three hits . For Detroit , all three were doubles -- by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth , Alex Avila in the fifth	True
Through six innings , each team managed just three hits . For Detroit , all three were doubles -- by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth , Alex Avila in the fifth and Jackson in the sixth	True
Through six innings , each team managed just three hits . For Detroit , all three were doubles -- by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth , Alex Avila in the fifth and Jackson in the sixth . Jackson moved to third	False
For Detroit , all three were doubles -- by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth , Alex Avila in the fifth and Jackson in the sixth . Jackson moved to third on a sacrifice , but Buchholz retired the next two batters . Boston got a one - out single by Dustin Pedroia in the first	True
For Detroit , all three were doubles -- by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth , Alex Avila in the fifth and Jackson in the sixth . Jackson moved to third on a sacrifice , but Buchholz retired the next two batters . Boston got a one - out single by Dustin Pedroia in the first and a leadoff single by Kevin Youkilis in the second	False
For Detroit , all three were doubles -- by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth , Alex Avila in the fifth and Jackson in the sixth . Jackson moved to third on a sacrifice , but Buchholz retired the next two batters . Boston got a one - out single by Dustin Pedroia in the first and a leadoff single by Kevin Youkilis in the second , but both were out when the next batter hit into a double play . Jed Lowrie singled with two outs in the fifth	False
A great off day , indeed . McCann came off the bench in the ninth inning to tie it with a pinch-hit , two - out homer , then hit a two - run shot in the 11th	True
McCann came off the bench in the ninth inning to tie it with a pinch-hit , two - out homer , then hit a two - run shot in the 11th to lead the Atlanta Braves past the Houston Astros 3 - 1 on Tuesday . The Braves were trailing 1 - 0 and down to their final strike in the ninth	True
He stayed in the game behind the plate and , two innings later , ended it with his fourth homer of the season -- a towering drive down the right-field line , just inside the foul pole against Jeff Fulchino ( 0 - 2 ) . Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the top of the 11th	True
Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the top of the 11th , helped by a disputed call , and was rewarded with his first career win . Even so , he was optioned to Triple-A Gwinnett after the game to make room for Julio Teheran , who is being called up to start Wednesday at Arizona in place of injured Brandon Beachy . McCann was taking one of his regularly scheduled days off , but he wound up leading the Braves to their fourth straight win . Mark Melancon blew the save in the ninth	True
Jones , who had missed the last two games with a slight meniscus tear in his right knee , moved well at third base but struck out twice in the late innings with runners aboard . Heyward started for the first time in seven games after undergoing an MRI exam on his right shoulder . The Astros squandered a chance to go ahead in the 11th	True
Jones , who had missed the last two games with a slight meniscus tear in his right knee , moved well at third base but struck out twice in the late innings with runners aboard . Heyward started for the first time in seven games after undergoing an MRI exam on his right shoulder . The Astros squandered a chance to go ahead in the 11th against Gearrin . Brian Bogusevic , who entered as a defensive replacement in the eighth	True
Jones , who had missed the last two games with a slight meniscus tear in his right knee , moved well at third base but struck out twice in the late innings with runners aboard . Heyward started for the first time in seven games after undergoing an MRI exam on his right shoulder . The Astros squandered a chance to go ahead in the 11th against Gearrin . Brian Bogusevic , who entered as a defensive replacement in the eighth , reached on a bunt single and stole second	False
The Astros ' bullpen , which came in with an ERA above 5.00 , faltered again . Houston has converted only five of 16 save chances . Lowe was breezing along until the seventh	True
Lowe was breezing along until the seventh , when Wallace drove a 3 - 1 pitch about four rows deep in the left-center seats to put the Astros ahead . The Braves starter went seven innings , allowing five hits , no walks and striking out four . Melancon benefited from two stellar defensive plays to start the ninth	True
Lowe was breezing along until the seventh , when Wallace drove a 3 - 1 pitch about four rows deep in the left-center seats to put the Astros ahead . The Braves starter went seven innings , allowing five hits , no walks and striking out four . Melancon benefited from two stellar defensive plays to start the ninth . Downs made a diving stop at third	False
Lowe was breezing along until the seventh , when Wallace drove a 3 - 1 pitch about four rows deep in the left-center seats to put the Astros ahead . The Braves starter went seven innings , allowing five hits , no walks and striking out four . Melancon benefited from two stellar defensive plays to start the ninth . Downs made a diving stop at third on Dan Uggla 's hard-hit grounder , hopping up in time to make the throw to first	False
Lewis said . A. J. Pierzynski singled with one out in the fifth	True
single to give the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead in the third inning . Texas loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
of the jam to keep the White Sox in the game . There was no such escape in the sixth	True
with three losses and an 11.15 ERA in three career games in Chicago . Alexei Ramirez hit a leadoff double in the ninth	True
Chicago . Alexei Ramirez hit a leadoff double in the ninth , but Lewis retired the next three batters to close out his second	True
And there 's one more key stat . In the year-plus that Target Field has been open , Bautista has seven homers in seven games in the Twins ' new ballpark . After popping out to third base in the first inning Sunday , Bautista hit a solo home run to the second deck of left field off of Twins starter Brian Duensing in the third	True
After popping out to third base in the first inning Sunday , Bautista hit a solo home run to the second deck of left field off of Twins starter Brian Duensing in the third . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Bautista hit a line drive just inside the left field line off of reliever Kevin Slowey . Both homers were hit into a strong wind that was blowing in from left at more than 20 miles per hour . In the sixth	True
In the fourth , Bautista hit a line drive just inside the left field line off of reliever Kevin Slowey . Both homers were hit into a strong wind that was blowing in from left at more than 20 miles per hour . In the sixth , Bautista 's two - run homer to right-center just cleared the 23-foot high wall and gave Toronto an 11 - 3 lead . Before hitting into a fielder 's choice in the eighth	True
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was a bit more blunt . From the beginning of the game , Toronto piled up runs . The Blue Jays opened the game by turning a pair of walks into two runs in the first inning before adding a single run in the second	True
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was a bit more blunt . From the beginning of the game , Toronto piled up runs . The Blue Jays opened the game by turning a pair of walks into two runs in the first inning before adding a single run in the second and four in the third	True
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was a bit more blunt . From the beginning of the game , Toronto piled up runs . The Blue Jays opened the game by turning a pair of walks into two runs in the first inning before adding a single run in the second and four in the third . By the time Bautista homered in the fourth	True
Lee hit one of three Astros home runs to snap New York 's three - game winning streak . J. A. Happ ( 3 - 4 ) pitched six innings for the win , scattering five hits and three walks . Dickey allowed six hits in the first inning , then held the Astros in check until the sixth	True
Lee became the 17th active player to reach 2,000 hits , and he is the ninth active player to have at least that many hits while also belting 300 or more home runs . The Mets got one run in the third	True
Lee became the 17th active player to reach 2,000 hits , and he is the ninth active player to have at least that many hits while also belting 300 or more home runs . The Mets got one run in the third when Jose Reyes doubled and scored on a single to right field by Justin Turner , then added another in the fourth	True
The Mets got one run in the third when Jose Reyes doubled and scored on a single to right field by Justin Turner , then added another in the fourth , when Daniel Murphy led off the inning with his third homer of the season . Reyes had an RBI single off reliever Mark Melancon in the ninth	False
Baltimore was bidding for its second four - game winning streak this season . Hellickson worked out of a two - on , two - out jam in both the fourth	True
Baltimore was bidding for its second four - game winning streak this season . Hellickson worked out of a two - on , two - out jam in both the fourth and fifth innings . Adam Jones ended the fourth	True
Baltimore was bidding for its second four - game winning streak this season . Hellickson worked out of a two - on , two - out jam in both the fourth and fifth innings . Adam Jones ended the fourth with a grounder , while Brian Roberts flied out for the final out in the fifth	True
BALTIMORE -- For 11 innings , the Seattle Mariners and Baltimore Orioles could n't even come close to scoring a run . The Mariners broke the trend in the top of the 12th	True
The Mariners broke the trend in the top of the 12th , and Baltimore did them one better in the bottom half . J. J. Hardy singled in two runs with the bases-loaded in the 12th	True
Matt Wieters hit a liner that shortstop Luis Rodriguez snagged with a dive , but Hardy followed with a bouncer up the middle that scored Lee and pinch-runner Jake Fox , who easily beat the throw with a headfirst slide . Hardy was mobbed by his teammates , who celebrated their second extra-inning comeback in the series . Two nights earlier , Baltimore scored twice in the 13th	True
League hit only two batters with pitches all last year . He was 9 for 9 in save opportunities before blowing two in three games against the Orioles . Ichiro Suzuki led off the 12th	True
Vargas yielded seven hits , walked one and struck out four . He had only two perfect innings but was aided by three double plays . After playing their first 34 games without going into extra innings , the Mariners have been extended beyond the ninth	True
There were only a few scoring threats before the 12th inning . Mark Reynolds led off the eighth	True
Mark Reynolds led off the eighth with a walk , the first issued by either starter . Pinch-runner Felix Pie advanced on a bunt by Robert Andino , but Brian Roberts grounded out and Nick Markakis looked at a third strike . In the Seattle 10th	True
Miles ' bunt with two outs and a man on in the sixth extended the inning . Andre Ethier followed with a run-scoring single then Matt Kemp drilled the first pitch he saw from Pittsburgh ace Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) into the center field seats for a three - run homer that took some of the sting out of a bitter loss on Monday night . The Dodgers unraveled in that one following a controversial call in the eighth	True
Miles ' bunt with two outs and a man on in the sixth extended the inning . Andre Ethier followed with a run-scoring single then Matt Kemp drilled the first pitch he saw from Pittsburgh ace Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) into the center field seats for a three - run homer that took some of the sting out of a bitter loss on Monday night . The Dodgers unraveled in that one following a controversial call in the eighth that ended with Kemp getting doubled off first	False
Lilly limited Pittsburgh to two runs on four hits , striking out four . Andrew McCutchen hit two home runs for the Pirates , who were hoping to give themselves some breathing room after making a rare move above .500 on Monday . Instead , they dropped to 18 - 18 when Correia ran into trouble in the sixth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit two home runs for the Pirates , who were hoping to give themselves some breathing room after making a rare move above .500 on Monday . Instead , they dropped to 18 - 18 when Correia ran into trouble in the sixth . Correia cruised through the first five innings and appeared to be on his way to another clean frame after easily retiring the first two batters in the sixth	True
McCutchen responded in the bottom half with a solo shot to left and Walker added a sacrifice fly to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . But the Dodgers added some insurance an inning later thanks to a little charity by the Pirates . Rod Barajas doubled with one out , then Jerry Sands smacked the ball back at Correia . The ball caromed off Correia toward first	False
Barajas scored and Correia hobbled to the dugout , his night over . Correia 's steady presence at the top of the rotation has been a pleasant surprise for the Pirates . But while he 's been lights out on the road , things have n't been so good at PNC Park . He 's failed to pick up a win in all three of his home starts . Not that the bullpen was any better . The Dodgers added five more runs in the eighth	True
He could afford to enjoy the moment , he 'd seen this before . So had baseball fans -- real recently , in fact . Verlander threw his second career no-hitter and the second	False
Mixing fastballs that sizzled over 100 mph , sharp breaking balls and an effective changeup , Verlander became the 30th pitcher in major league history to throw multiple career no-hitters , STATS LLC said . Blue Jays rookie David Cooper popped to second	False
Mixing fastballs that sizzled over 100 mph , sharp breaking balls and an effective changeup , Verlander became the 30th pitcher in major league history to throw multiple career no-hitters , STATS LLC said . Blue Jays rookie David Cooper popped to second on Verlander 's first pitch of the ninth	True
Mixing fastballs that sizzled over 100 mph , sharp breaking balls and an effective changeup , Verlander became the 30th pitcher in major league history to throw multiple career no-hitters , STATS LLC said . Blue Jays rookie David Cooper popped to second on Verlander 's first pitch of the ninth . John McDonald followed with a grounder to second	False
Verlander calmly pumped his fist and smiled , then shared a hug with catcher Alex Avila before being mobbed by teammates near the mound . He was doused with a bucket of ice water by reliever Jose Valverde . His closest brush came in the fifth	True
Left with a bruise on his forearm , Verlander kept the swelling down by having a trainer rub a can of Red Bull on the injury . Verlander had another close call on the final out of the sixth	True
Romero was scratched from his last start Thursday at Tampa Bay with soreness in his left side , and pushed back two days to face the Tigers . Romero breezed through the first two innings but struggled in the third	True
Romero breezed through the first two innings but struggled in the third , giving up three runs . Scott Sizemore drew a bases-loaded walk , Brandon Inge scored on a wild pitch and Magglio Ordonez added an RBI grounder . Detroit used the long ball to double its advantage in the fourth	True
Romero breezed through the first two innings but struggled in the third , giving up three runs . Scott Sizemore drew a bases-loaded walk , Brandon Inge scored on a wild pitch and Magglio Ordonez added an RBI grounder . Detroit used the long ball to double its advantage in the fourth . Peralta made it 4 - 0 with a one - out drive to left , his second	False
Romero breezed through the first two innings but struggled in the third , giving up three runs . Scott Sizemore drew a bases-loaded walk , Brandon Inge scored on a wild pitch and Magglio Ordonez added an RBI grounder . Detroit used the long ball to double its advantage in the fourth . Peralta made it 4 - 0 with a one - out drive to left , his second . Ryan Raburn doubled and Avila chased Romero with a two - run shot to right , his sixth	False
Detroit used the long ball to double its advantage in the fourth . Peralta made it 4 - 0 with a one - out drive to left , his second . Ryan Raburn doubled and Avila chased Romero with a two - run shot to right , his sixth . Toronto first baseman Adam Lind left in the seventh	True
CHICAGO -- Carlos Pena finally is seeing all the extra work pay off . Pena led off the ninth	True
Pena led off the ninth with a tying homer and Kosuke Fukudome hit a game-ending single as the Chicago Cubs scored twice in the ninth inning to beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 Saturday . An out after Pena homered to open the ninth	False
Pena led off the ninth with a tying homer and Kosuke Fukudome hit a game-ending single as the Chicago Cubs scored twice in the ninth inning to beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 Saturday . An out after Pena homered to open the ninth , Blake DeWitt singled up the middle . He advanced to third	False
Cubs manager Mike Quade also gave Alfonso Soriano the day off . Soriano is batting .186 with 13 strikeouts in 43 career at-bats against the Reds ' ace . Despite shuffling the lineup , Chicago 's offense did n't get going until Arroyo exited in the eighth	True
Cubs manager Mike Quade also gave Alfonso Soriano the day off . Soriano is batting .186 with 13 strikeouts in 43 career at-bats against the Reds ' ace . Despite shuffling the lineup , Chicago 's offense did n't get going until Arroyo exited in the eighth . Arroyo allowed one run on seven hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out three . He also had a hit . His only blemish came in the fourth	True
But Casey Coleman kept Chicago close , allowing two runs on four hits in six innings . He struck out a career-high six and walked three . Coleman breezed through six scoreless innings before walking Chris Heisey to lead off the seventh	True
But Casey Coleman kept Chicago close , allowing two runs on four hits in six innings . He struck out a career-high six and walked three . Coleman breezed through six scoreless innings before walking Chris Heisey to lead off the seventh . Ryan Hanigan singled to advance Heisey to third	False
Coleman breezed through six scoreless innings before walking Chris Heisey to lead off the seventh . Ryan Hanigan singled to advance Heisey to third . Kerry Wood relieved and gave up Fred Lewis ' RBI fielder 's choice to shortstop . Lewis advanced to second	False
In his previous three games against the Orioles , Shields was 0 - 3 with a 6.48 ERA . This time , he was nearly flawless -- except for a sixth-inning homer by Derrek Lee . Unlike Britton , who went 5 1/3 innings before being pulled after throwing 95 pitches . It was the shortest of his six career starts . He gave up three runs and four hits -- all in the second	True
In his previous six starts , Britton allowed a total of one run in the first two innings . Shields kept the Orioles hitless until Vladimir Guerrero doubled with two outs in the fourth	True
Shields kept the Orioles hitless until Vladimir Guerrero doubled with two outs in the fourth . Shields then struck out Luke Scott for the second time . Lee 's third homer cut the gap to 3 - 1 , but Casey Kotchman hit an RBI single off Jeremy Accardo in the eighth	True
Shields kept the Orioles hitless until Vladimir Guerrero doubled with two outs in the fourth . Shields then struck out Luke Scott for the second time . Lee 's third homer cut the gap to 3 - 1 , but Casey Kotchman hit an RBI single off Jeremy Accardo in the eighth and Damon homered with a man on against Koji Uehara in the ninth	False
Boesch homered and drove in three runs and the Tigers took advantage of some sloppy fielding to beat the New York Yankees for the third straight time , 6 - 3 on Thursday . Detroit had lost seven straight before taking the final three games of a four - game series . Derek Jeter did n't play for the Yankees , given the day off after leaving the previous night 's game with a right hip problem . His replacement , Eduardo Nunez , made two errors , including a high throw in the seventh	True
Rick Porcello ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs on eight hits in seven innings for the Tigers . He walked two and struck out three . A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 2 ) held Detroit hitless until the sixth inning but made an error of his own that led to Detroit 's run in the first	True
A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 2 ) held Detroit hitless until the sixth inning but made an error of his own that led to Detroit 's run in the first . He allowed five runs -- only two earned -- on three hits , striking out five with one walk in seven innings . The Yankees led 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
A. J. Burnett ( 4 - 2 ) held Detroit hitless until the sixth inning but made an error of his own that led to Detroit 's run in the first . He allowed five runs -- only two earned -- on three hits , striking out five with one walk in seven innings . The Yankees led 2 - 1 in the sixth when Ramon Santiago hit a hard single to right for Detroit 's first hit . Santiago moved to second	False
The Yankees led 2 - 1 in the sixth when Ramon Santiago hit a hard single to right for Detroit 's first hit . Santiago moved to second on a sacrifice , and Boesch 's two - out single up the middle tied the game . Victor Martinez singled to start the seventh	True
The Yankees nearly got out of the inning with no further damage , but Nunez threw high past first baseman Mark Teixeira on a routine grounder by Don Kelly , allowing two more runs to score . Boesch 's solo homer in the eighth made it 6 - 2 . It was Detroit 's fourth	False
New York had been the only American League team without a three - game losing streak . Porcello has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last four starts . He threw a career-high 120 pitches Thursday . Daniel Schlereth pitched the eighth	True
New York had been the only American League team without a three - game losing streak . Porcello has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last four starts . He threw a career-high 120 pitches Thursday . Daniel Schlereth pitched the eighth , and Jose Valverde allowed a run in the ninth	True
Porcello has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last four starts . He threw a career-high 120 pitches Thursday . Daniel Schlereth pitched the eighth , and Jose Valverde allowed a run in the ninth while closing the game out . Burnett was impressive at times , erratic at others . He began the game by hitting Kelly with a pitch , and the Detroit center fielder went to third	False
Porcello has allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last four starts . He threw a career-high 120 pitches Thursday . Daniel Schlereth pitched the eighth , and Jose Valverde allowed a run in the ninth while closing the game out . Burnett was impressive at times , erratic at others . He began the game by hitting Kelly with a pitch , and the Detroit center fielder went to third when Burnett threw wildly to first	False
Burnett was impressive at times , erratic at others . He began the game by hitting Kelly with a pitch , and the Detroit center fielder went to third when Burnett threw wildly to first for an error on a pickoff attempt . Boesch 's sacrifice fly brought home the game 's first run . Detroit managed only one baserunner for the next four innings , when Boesch reached in the fourth	True
The Braves romped in the first game , too , winning 8 - 3 . McLouth reached in all eight of his plate appearances over the two games , going 5 for 5 with three walks , and he broke open the nightcap with a two - run homer . But Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) was the star of the twinbill , nearly matching Francisco Liriano 's no-hitter the previous evening for Minnesota . The right-hander retired his first nine hitters before Rickie Weeks led off the fourth	True
The Braves romped in the first game , too , winning 8 - 3 . McLouth reached in all eight of his plate appearances over the two games , going 5 for 5 with three walks , and he broke open the nightcap with a two - run homer . But Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) was the star of the twinbill , nearly matching Francisco Liriano 's no-hitter the previous evening for Minnesota . The right-hander retired his first nine hitters before Rickie Weeks led off the fourth with a double . He was the only Brewers player to reach base , also drawing a two - out walk in the ninth	True
After three rehab starts in the minors , Greinke finally got a chance to pitch for the Brewers . While he showed good life on his pitches , striking out six , he also struggled with his consistency and got little help from his defense . The Brewers committed two errors in the first inning , leading to an unearned run . Greinke gave up four more runs that were earned , including McLouth 's homer in a three - run fourth	True
The Braves ( 17 - 15 ) stretched their winning streak to four , moving two games above .500 for the first time since April 4 . Milwaukee ( 13 - 17 ) has lost a season-high five in a row and slipped to four games below .500 , its lowest point since starting the year 0 - 4 . The Brewers failed to cover first	False
The Brewers failed to cover first on a routine sacrifice attempt in Game 1 , and the defense committed three errors in the second game to cap a thoroughly miserable day . Alex Gonzalez reached in the first	True
The Brewers failed to cover first on a routine sacrifice attempt in Game 1 , and the defense committed three errors in the second game to cap a thoroughly miserable day . Alex Gonzalez reached in the first on a grounder that was fumbled away by first baseman Prince Fielder . Jason Heyward was awarded first	False
Alex Gonzalez reached in the first on a grounder that was fumbled away by first baseman Prince Fielder . Jason Heyward was awarded first on catcher 's interference , his bat striking Wil Nieves ' glove on the swing for the second straight Milwaukee error . Dan Uggla singled to left to drive in Gonzalez . The Braves manufactured another run in the second -- McLouth walked , Hudson bunted him to second	False
The Braves manufactured another run in the second -- McLouth walked , Hudson bunted him to second and Martin Prado delivered a two - out hit . Prado had three RBIs in Game 1 . Greinke breezed through a perfect third	True
The Braves manufactured another run in the second -- McLouth walked , Hudson bunted him to second and Martin Prado delivered a two - out hit . Prado had three RBIs in Game 1 . Greinke breezed through a perfect third before the Braves finished him off in the fourth	True
One day after rain wiped out the second game of the series , the teams played two in unseasonably cool conditions for early May in Atlanta . The temperature dipped into the low 50s for the nightcap and felt even colder with a strong breeze blowing . Tommy Hanson ( 4 - 3 ) shook off a sore back in Game 1 , limiting Milwaukee to three hits over six innings for his third straight win . His only big stumble came in the fourth	True
Marco Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss for Milwaukee in the opener , giving up seven runs in 5 1/3 innings . He 'll be shipped to the bullpen now that Greinke is back in the rotation . Already leading 4 - 2 , the Braves knocked out Estrada in a four - run sixth	True
The `` U-S-A ! '' chants started in the top of the ninth inning of the game and picked up in intensity throughout the inning . People could be spotted all over the ballpark checking their phones as news was breaking that the United States had killed the mastermind behind the Sept. 11 attacks . Young pitched seven scoreless innings , but was long gone by the time David Wright led off the 14th	True
The `` U-S-A ! '' chants started in the top of the ninth inning of the game and picked up in intensity throughout the inning . People could be spotted all over the ballpark checking their phones as news was breaking that the United States had killed the mastermind behind the Sept. 11 attacks . Young pitched seven scoreless innings , but was long gone by the time David Wright led off the 14th with a single to left and went to second	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth inning on Carlos Beltran 's double that scored Wright , who had three singles . The Mets got an outstanding start by Young , who cruised through six innings and wiggled out of a jam in the seventh	True
It was Manuel 's first ejection of the season . The Phillies tied the game in the eighth	True
The Phillies tied the game in the eighth when Howard lined a two - out single to left against left-handed reliever Tim Byrdak to score John Mayberry . Byrdak was replaced by Francisco Rodriguez , who walked Ben Francisco to load the bases before getting Raul Ibanez to ground out to second	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels have displayed more power on the road this season than they have at home . So their three - homer outburst against Washington was a refreshing change for everyone in the dugout . Erick Aybar and Vernon Wells went deep during a three - run sixth inning , Hank Conger capped a five - run eighth	True
The Angels have hit only 17 homers in Anaheim , compared to 46 away from home . Trailing 5 - 3 after a four - run sixth	True
Wells , who came in batting .205 , tied a career high with four hits -- the most he 's had in 54 games with the Angels since coming over in a trade with Toronto . The victory was the Angels ' 11th	False
The victory was the Angels ' 11th in 16 games . It put them over the .500 mark for the first time since June 3 and kept them 1 1/2 games behind first-place Texas in the AL West . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) got one out for the victory despite allowing an unearned run . Bobby Cassevah retired Wilson Ramos on an inning-ending double play in the seventh	True
The victory was the Angels ' 11th in 16 games . It put them over the .500 mark for the first time since June 3 and kept them 1 1/2 games behind first-place Texas in the AL West . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) got one out for the victory despite allowing an unearned run . Bobby Cassevah retired Wilson Ramos on an inning-ending double play in the seventh after an intentional walk to Danny Espinosa , then pitched a perfect eighth	True
The victory was the Angels ' 11th in 16 games . It put them over the .500 mark for the first time since June 3 and kept them 1 1/2 games behind first-place Texas in the AL West . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) got one out for the victory despite allowing an unearned run . Bobby Cassevah retired Wilson Ramos on an inning-ending double play in the seventh after an intentional walk to Danny Espinosa , then pitched a perfect eighth before the Angels tacked on five more in the ninth	False
One reason for the sloppy play might have been the new sodding that was installed at Angel Stadium after U2 performed a pair of concerts here two weekends ago . Marquis escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third	True
One reason for the sloppy play might have been the new sodding that was installed at Angel Stadium after U2 performed a pair of concerts here two weekends ago . Marquis escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third when he got Callaspo to ground into an inning-ending double play . The Angels loaded the bases again with one out in the fifth	True
Kevin Correia ( 10 - 6 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings for the Pirates , who have won five of six . Correia is 8 - 2 with a 2.69 ERA in 10 road starts this season . He is the first Pittsburgh pitcher since Bob Walk in 1993 to win 10 games before the All-Star break . Joel Hanrahan worked the ninth	True
The Los Angeles Dodgers lost a major league-record 15 consecutive interleague road games between June 14 , 2005 , and June 28 , 2006 . Toronto 's Jose Bautista hit his 24th home run , a two - run drive to left in the fourth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit a pair of solo homers , the seventh multihomer game of his career , and Corey Patterson also connected for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of nine . Pittsburgh led 6 - 1 heading into the bottom of the fourth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit a pair of solo homers , the seventh multihomer game of his career , and Corey Patterson also connected for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of nine . Pittsburgh led 6 - 1 heading into the bottom of the fourth and handed the bullpen a three - run lead in the seventh	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit a pair of solo homers , the seventh multihomer game of his career , and Corey Patterson also connected for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of nine . Pittsburgh led 6 - 1 heading into the bottom of the fourth and handed the bullpen a three - run lead in the seventh but nearly faltered in the seventh	True
Encarnacion cut Toronto 's deficit in half when he hit his fourth homer in the bottom half . The Pirates chased Blue Jays left-hander Jo-Jo Reyes with a four - run fourth	True
The Pirates chased Blue Jays left-hander Jo-Jo Reyes with a four - run fourth . Matt Diaz drove in a run with a triple that bounced over the head of two outfielders , and Presley and Neil Walker each had RBI singles . Bautista made it 6 - 3 with his homer in the bottom half and then drove in a run when he reached on an error in the sixth	True
Bautista made it 6 - 3 with his homer in the bottom half and then drove in a run when he reached on an error in the sixth . McCutchen gave Pittsburgh a 7 - 4 lead when he homered to left in the seventh	False
Bautista made it 6 - 3 with his homer in the bottom half and then drove in a run when he reached on an error in the sixth . McCutchen gave Pittsburgh a 7 - 4 lead when he homered to left in the seventh , his 11th	False
Blue Jays manager John Farrell did n't fault Bautista for being caught off first base . Veras pitched a perfect eighth	True
Gomes hit a towering homer , Mike Leake pitched six strong innings and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 0 on Monday night . Gomes , the former Rays outfielder playing at Tropicana Field for the first time since becoming a free agent after the 2008 season , hit a solo shot off an overhanging catwalk during a two - run fourth	True
Leake ( 7 - 4 ) scattered four hits , walked two and had three strikeouts in ending his two - start losing streak . Sam LeCure worked two innings before Nick Masset pitched the ninth	True
The Rays were coming off a three - game sweep at Houston , where they scored 26 runs . Tampa Bay ( 44 - 35 ) dropped to 18 - 19 at home , where it has scored just 114 runs in 37 games . Cincinnati went up 2 - 0 in the first	True
Bruce , who missed Sunday 's game with flulike symptoms , was back in the lineup and went 1 for 4 . Tampa Bay ran itself out of a promising inning in the sixth	True
Bruce , who missed Sunday 's game with flulike symptoms , was back in the lineup and went 1 for 4 . Tampa Bay ran itself out of a promising inning in the sixth . With two on and no outs , Matt Joyce hit a flyball to left that turned into double play when Evan Longoria , the baserunner at first	False
Reinforcements are expected soon . Third baseman David Freese and utilityman Nick Punto are likely to come off the 15-day disabled list during the upcoming six - game trip starting Tuesday . McClellan ( 6 - 4 ) gave up five runs in 5 1/3 innings . Romero got the big hit against him , a two - run single the other way , just inside the first-base line in a four - run sixth	True
Romero had been 0 for 14 with nine strikeouts for his career and 0 for 4 this year before the hit that made it 4 - 0 . Romero ( 7 - 7 ) threw his first shutout since May 15 , 2010 , against Texas . He struck out five , walked two and kept going after taking a liner off the top of his left foot on Lance Berkman 's infield hit with one out in the ninth	True
Romero ( 7 - 7 ) threw his first shutout since May 15 , 2010 , against Texas . He struck out five , walked two and kept going after taking a liner off the top of his left foot on Lance Berkman 's infield hit with one out in the ninth , throwing one warmup pitch before resuming his attack against the Cardinals . The left-hander retired the first 10 in order before Skip Schumaker singled with one out in the fourth	True
Romero ( 7 - 7 ) threw his first shutout since May 15 , 2010 , against Texas . He struck out five , walked two and kept going after taking a liner off the top of his left foot on Lance Berkman 's infield hit with one out in the ninth , throwing one warmup pitch before resuming his attack against the Cardinals . The left-hander retired the first 10 in order before Skip Schumaker singled with one out in the fourth . The Cardinals ' lone baserunner to make it into scoring position was Andrew Brown after getting a gift double in the fifth	True
Half of Romero 's six career complete games have come this season , and he ended up the loser in the other two . He worked at least seven innings for the ninth straight start , the longest active streak in the majors , going 5 - 3 with a 1.95 ERA during that stretch . Toronto had three of its 10 hits in the sixth	True
Twenty-four hours after he botched a bouncer in the ninth inning that led to an unearned run in a loss , he drove in the go-ahead run with two outs in the eighth inning and the Royals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 Saturday night , snapping a season-high six - game losing streak . Getz 's grounder was deflected by pitcher Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 4 ) to Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro , but his throw to first	False
Samardzija wished he had n't touched the ball . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Samardzija wished he had n't touched the ball . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth to pick up the victory . Joakim Soria struck out all three batters he faced in the ninth	True
While Getz has only seven extra-base hits and a .261 average , he is hitting .367 with runners in scoring position . The Royals jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Royals jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth when Eric Hosmer and Billy Butler stroked run-scoring singles . The Royals had a chance to add on with the bases loaded and one out , but Mitch Maier and Mike Moustakas had infield popouts to end the inning . Aramis Ramirez and Geovany Soto hit back-to-back home runs in a span of four pitches by Danny Duffy in the top of the sixth	True
Cubs starter Carlos Zambrano , who was facing the Royals for the first time in his career , gave up two runs on eight hits in seven innings , while walking three and striking out two . The Cubs , who had four runners thrown out on the base paths Friday , had Reed Johnson cut down at the plate in the third	True
Cubs starter Carlos Zambrano , who was facing the Royals for the first time in his career , gave up two runs on eight hits in seven innings , while walking three and striking out two . The Cubs , who had four runners thrown out on the base paths Friday , had Reed Johnson cut down at the plate in the third , when he attempted to score from second	False
Shields sailed through the first three innings and did n't allow a baserunner until Michael Bourn singled with no outs in the fourth inning . He still faced the minimum through four thanks to his defense turning a double play . He hit Johnson with a pitch with two outs in the fifth inning but struck out Clint Barmes to get out of that inning . He walked Bourn with two outs in the sixth	True
He walked Bourn with two outs in the sixth , but Jeff Keppinger lined out to end that inning . Brett Wallace got Houston 's second hit of the game on a single with two outs in the seventh	True
Francisco 's pinch-hit RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . In a game in which rookie starters Vance Worley and Guillermo Moscoso took no-hitters into the sixth	True
Francisco 's pinch-hit RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . In a game in which rookie starters Vance Worley and Guillermo Moscoso took no-hitters into the sixth , neither team got a runner to third	False
Francisco 's pinch-hit RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . In a game in which rookie starters Vance Worley and Guillermo Moscoso took no-hitters into the sixth , neither team got a runner to third until the ninth	True
In a game in which rookie starters Vance Worley and Guillermo Moscoso took no-hitters into the sixth , neither team got a runner to third until the ninth . Shane Victorino walked to start the inning against Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) . He went to second	False
In a game in which rookie starters Vance Worley and Guillermo Moscoso took no-hitters into the sixth , neither team got a runner to third until the ninth . Shane Victorino walked to start the inning against Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) . He went to second on Domonic Brown 's one - out single to right . Both runners advanced on Brian Schneider 's grounder to first	False
Shane Victorino walked to start the inning against Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) . He went to second on Domonic Brown 's one - out single to right . Both runners advanced on Brian Schneider 's grounder to first . Francisco then hit a high bouncer over third baseman Scott Sizemore 's head to drive in Victorino . Michael Stutes ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Moscoso gave up two hits and walked three in a career-high seven innings . Hideki Matsui lined a double to left-center with two outs in the sixth	True
Placido Polanco lined a single to center for Philadelphia 's first hit with one out in the bottom half . The last time both starting pitchers took a no-hitter into the sixth inning of the same game was June 13 , 2010 , according to STATS , LLC . Chicago Cubs lefty Ted Lilly lost his no-hitter in the ninth	True
Placido Polanco lined a single to center for Philadelphia 's first hit with one out in the bottom half . The last time both starting pitchers took a no-hitter into the sixth inning of the same game was June 13 , 2010 , according to STATS , LLC . Chicago Cubs lefty Ted Lilly lost his no-hitter in the ninth and White Sox righty Gavin Floyd lost his bid in the seventh	True
The last time both starting pitchers took a no-hitter into the sixth inning of the same game was June 13 , 2010 , according to STATS , LLC . Chicago Cubs lefty Ted Lilly lost his no-hitter in the ninth and White Sox righty Gavin Floyd lost his bid in the seventh . The Phillies helped Worley with two outstanding defensive plays in the fifth	True
The last time both starting pitchers took a no-hitter into the sixth inning of the same game was June 13 , 2010 , according to STATS , LLC . Chicago Cubs lefty Ted Lilly lost his no-hitter in the ninth and White Sox righty Gavin Floyd lost his bid in the seventh . The Phillies helped Worley with two outstanding defensive plays in the fifth . Kurt Suzuki led off with a slow bouncer to third	False
The Phillies helped Worley with two outstanding defensive plays in the fifth . Kurt Suzuki led off with a slow bouncer to third . Polanco charged hard , barehanded the ball and just beat Suzuki with a strong , off-balance throw . With two outs and a runner on second	False
The Phillies helped Worley with two outstanding defensive plays in the fifth . Kurt Suzuki led off with a slow bouncer to third . Polanco charged hard , barehanded the ball and just beat Suzuki with a strong , off-balance throw . With two outs and a runner on second , first baseman Ryan Howard made a diving stop going to his right on a hard grounder by Jemile Weeks . His toss to first	False
With two outs and a runner on second , first baseman Ryan Howard made a diving stop going to his right on a hard grounder by Jemile Weeks . His toss to first was wide , but Worley made the grab and kept his foot on the base . Moscoso got help in the third	True
Aubrey Huff drove in a run for the Giants , who lost their third straight . Nate Schierholtz added two hits . Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) struck out Cody Ross -- the only batter he faced -- to end the fifth	True
A 's starter Guillermo Moscoso lasted 4 2/3 innings , giving up two unearned runs on three hits . He walked three and struck out one . The Giants broke a scoreless tie in the fifth	True
Moscoso walked Andres Torres and then threw away Emanuel Burriss ' bunt , allowing Stewart to score . One out later , Huff hit a sacrifice fly . The A 's came right back in their half of the fifth	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Joe Mauer was home again , back in Minnesota . He looked as normal as could be , crouching behind the plate and batting third	False
The Twins have won 12 of their past 14 games . Brian Duensing ( 4 - 6 ) picked up the victory with six effective if inefficient innings , and the Padres lost for the sixth time in seven games despite a 4 for 5 performance by Chase Headley . He drove in two runs , and Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Clayton Richard ( 2 - 9 ) lost his fifth straight decision , a career-long streak . He gave up five runs in the first inning . Glen Perkins , making his first appearance for the Twins since May 21 , struck out two in a scoreless eighth	True
Clayton Richard ( 2 - 9 ) lost his fifth straight decision , a career-long streak . He gave up five runs in the first inning . Glen Perkins , making his first appearance for the Twins since May 21 , struck out two in a scoreless eighth . Matt Capps followed with a perfect ninth	True
That hit raised Mauer 's batting average 22 points , a strange sight for a June night . The last-place Padres had two errors , a wild pitch and a passed ball in that ugly half-inning , but Richard recovered enough to work two batters into the sixth	True
The last-place Padres had two errors , a wild pitch and a passed ball in that ugly half-inning , but Richard recovered enough to work two batters into the sixth . Pat Neshek , the native of nearby Brooklyn Park , a few miles from Target Field , relieved Richard with two on and none out and finished the frame unscathed by retiring Mauer on a routine fly to left with the bases loaded . Ben Revere stretched the lead to 6 - 1 with an RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Revere stretched the lead to 6 - 1 with an RBI single in the fourth after providing a big play an inning earlier in center field . Revere lunged forward and nearly made a diving catch of Chris Denorfia 's sinking liner , an effort so intense he broke his belt . He smiled as he jogged to fetch a new belt from the bat boy , and the fans cheered and laughed . Duensing sweated through the fifth	True
Ben Revere stretched the lead to 6 - 1 with an RBI single in the fourth after providing a big play an inning earlier in center field . Revere lunged forward and nearly made a diving catch of Chris Denorfia 's sinking liner , an effort so intense he broke his belt . He smiled as he jogged to fetch a new belt from the bat boy , and the fans cheered and laughed . Duensing sweated through the fifth , giving up an RBI double to Headley . The left-hander finished with 106 pitches , seven hits , one walk , five strikeouts and a 6 - 2 lead . But after a pair of two - out singles against Alex Burnett in the seventh	True
The Rangers also won with defensive flash . With two outs in the fifth	True
Washington said the scoop and flip by Lewis was about the pitcher 's creativity . The Rangers made another unusual play in the seventh	True
Unable to beat Schafer to second base , Kinsler instead threw out Heyward at first base . Hamilton drove in three runs , including a run-scoring single in the ninth	True
Hamilton drove in three runs , including a run-scoring single in the ninth . Lewis gave up homers to Brian McCann in the fourth	True
Hamilton drove in three runs , including a run-scoring single in the ninth . Lewis gave up homers to Brian McCann in the fourth and Freddie Freeman in the sixth	False
Lewis gave up homers to Brian McCann in the fourth and Freddie Freeman in the sixth . Right-hander Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) , recalled from Double-A Mississippi , gave up seven hits and four runs , three earned . He was knocked out without recording an out in the Rangers ' four - run fifth	True
Delgado , 21 , made his major league debut after the Braves placed right-hander Tommy Hanson on the 15-day disabled list with inflammation in his right shoulder . Cruz snapped his hitless streak with his second-inning double to right field to drive in Michael Young , who also reached on a double . Cruz had a two - run double off Cristhian Martinez in the fifth	True
Manager Fredi Gonzalez said Jones felt discomfort when he took swings in the batting cage on Friday and may return Sunday or Monday . Neftali Feliz , acquired by the Rangers from Atlanta in the seven - player trade in 2007 that sent Mark Teixeira to the Braves , pitched a perfect ninth	True
The move paid off . Pineda wriggled out of a jam in the sixth	True
night . Entering the sixth	True
before the game , stroked his first big league hit -- a single through Roy Oswalt 's legs -- in his first at-bat in the second	True
inning . It 's the first time a Mariners player had a hit in his first	False
Miguel Olivo hit his 11th home run for the Mariners while Victorino had his seventh	False
Eric Wedge said , `` starting with Pineda . He really had to work there in the sixth	True
shot in the eighth -- before yielding to Brandon League in the ninth	True
Suzuki pestered Oswalt throughout . He reached on a one - out infield single in the third	True
triple into the right-center gap . In the fourth	True
for a 2 - 0 lead . Suzuki opened the fifth	True
stay . '' Again in the seventh	True
In the process , they jumped from a fifth-place tie to the top of the division and were coming off an impressive weekend sweep of the Cardinals . Now , they will try to salvage a four - game split against a team that had dropped 11 of 13 before taking the first two . Narveson lasted just 5 1/3 innings , giving up a solo homer to Jeff Baker in the first	True
In the process , they jumped from a fifth-place tie to the top of the division and were coming off an impressive weekend sweep of the Cardinals . Now , they will try to salvage a four - game split against a team that had dropped 11 of 13 before taking the first two . Narveson lasted just 5 1/3 innings , giving up a solo homer to Jeff Baker in the first and a three - run drive to Reed Johnson in the fifth	True
The Cubs still have n't won more than two straight , and they came up short again with a chance finally to get to three in a row . They insist they are capable , that they will go on a run at some point . Zambrano ( 5 - 4 ) simply did n't have it and fell to 1/3 in his last eight starts . Big Z got tagged for five runs and nine hits in six innings , before the returning Alfonso Soriano batted for him in the sixth	True
Zambrano ( 5 - 4 ) simply did n't have it and fell to 1/3 in his last eight starts . Big Z got tagged for five runs and nine hits in six innings , before the returning Alfonso Soriano batted for him in the sixth . The Brewers staked Narveson to a 5 - 1 lead by scoring two in the fourth	True
Zambrano ( 5 - 4 ) simply did n't have it and fell to 1/3 in his last eight starts . Big Z got tagged for five runs and nine hits in six innings , before the returning Alfonso Soriano batted for him in the sixth . The Brewers staked Narveson to a 5 - 1 lead by scoring two in the fourth and three with two out in the fifth	False
Narveson started it by walking Zambrano and Starlin Castro . Johnson then made it a one - run game when he homered to the last row of the bleachers in left field , a fan reaching up and catching the ball using his cap . But that 's as close as Chicago got . Betancourt made it a three - run game with a two - run bases-loaded single off Chris Carpenter in the seventh	True
Narveson started it by walking Zambrano and Starlin Castro . Johnson then made it a one - run game when he homered to the last row of the bleachers in left field , a fan reaching up and catching the ball using his cap . But that 's as close as Chicago got . Betancourt made it a three - run game with a two - run bases-loaded single off Chris Carpenter in the seventh , and Weeks increased it to 8 - 4 with a solo homer off John Grabow in the eighth	True
The 26-year-old retired the first nine batters he faced before Hardy doubled leading off the top of the fourth inning . Until Adam Lind 's two - run home run in the seventh	True
In the left-hander 's 11 other starts , Toronto had scored a total of 11 runs . Jake Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) gave up three runs on nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for Baltimore . The 25-year-old struck out five and walked two , one of them intentionally , but his troubles with the long ball continued . The home runs by Escobar and Rivera were the 11th	False
In the left-hander 's 11 other starts , Toronto had scored a total of 11 runs . Jake Arrieta ( 8 - 4 ) gave up three runs on nine hits in 6 2/3 innings for Baltimore . The 25-year-old struck out five and walked two , one of them intentionally , but his troubles with the long ball continued . The home runs by Escobar and Rivera were the 11th and 12th	False
Last year , he gave up just nine homers in 18 starts . Escobar gave Toronto a 1 - 0 lead with his third leadoff homer of the season . The Cuban-born shortstop deposited a 3 - 1 pitch from Arrieta over the wall in left for his eighth	False
Escobar gave Toronto a 1 - 0 lead with his third leadoff homer of the season . The Cuban-born shortstop deposited a 3 - 1 pitch from Arrieta over the wall in left for his eighth of the season . Toronto got back-to-back singles from Escobar and Corey Patterson to start the third	True
Escobar gave Toronto a 1 - 0 lead with his third leadoff homer of the season . The Cuban-born shortstop deposited a 3 - 1 pitch from Arrieta over the wall in left for his eighth of the season . Toronto got back-to-back singles from Escobar and Corey Patterson to start the third , but Patterson was caught in a rundown between first	False
Escobar gave Toronto a 1 - 0 lead with his third leadoff homer of the season . The Cuban-born shortstop deposited a 3 - 1 pitch from Arrieta over the wall in left for his eighth of the season . Toronto got back-to-back singles from Escobar and Corey Patterson to start the third , but Patterson was caught in a rundown between first and second	False
Escobar gave Toronto a 1 - 0 lead with his third leadoff homer of the season . The Cuban-born shortstop deposited a 3 - 1 pitch from Arrieta over the wall in left for his eighth of the season . Toronto got back-to-back singles from Escobar and Corey Patterson to start the third , but Patterson was caught in a rundown between first and second as Escobar advanced to third	False
It was the second time in as many nights that a Blue Jays baserunner ended up caught off base when the Orioles cut off a throw from the outfield . Arrieta struck out Bautista for the second	True
Arrieta struck out Bautista for the second out of the inning , and after an intentional walk to Lind , Arrieta struck out Rivera to end the threat . In the sixth	True
Wells made a slight tweak during batting practice , then found the stroke the Angels hope quickly comes around more often . Wells hit the Angels ' first homer in a week with a solo shot in the third inning , then hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh	True
Wells hit the Angels ' first homer in a week with a solo shot in the third inning , then hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh to give Los Angeles a 6 - 3 win over the Seattle Mariners on Monday night . The slumping Angels , having dropped seven of eight , started their longest road trip of the season with a comeback victory capped by Wells ' power surge and the 22nd multihomer game of his career . Before Wells ' solo homer in the third	True
What Wells saw when he watched video was that he stood more upright at the plate a year ago with Toronto when he hit .273 with 31 homers and 83 RBIs . He made an adjustment during batting practice then carried it into the game . No swing was bigger than his two - run shot in the seventh	True
`` Then sometimes you have a game like this and you go 0 for 30 , '' Wells continued . `` It 's a matter of when you get pitches to hit not missing them , when you 're struggling you 're getting pitches to hit but you 're fouling them off or popping them straight up . '' The Angels late rally started when Mathis doubled into the left field corner leading off the seventh	True
`` Then sometimes you have a game like this and you go 0 for 30 , '' Wells continued . `` It 's a matter of when you get pitches to hit not missing them , when you 're struggling you 're getting pitches to hit but you 're fouling them off or popping them straight up . '' The Angels late rally started when Mathis doubled into the left field corner leading off the seventh , barely beating the throw to second	False
`` Then sometimes you have a game like this and you go 0 for 30 , '' Wells continued . `` It 's a matter of when you get pitches to hit not missing them , when you 're struggling you 're getting pitches to hit but you 're fouling them off or popping them straight up . '' The Angels late rally started when Mathis doubled into the left field corner leading off the seventh , barely beating the throw to second by Carlos Peguero . He moved to third	False
`` Then sometimes you have a game like this and you go 0 for 30 , '' Wells continued . `` It 's a matter of when you get pitches to hit not missing them , when you 're struggling you 're getting pitches to hit but you 're fouling them off or popping them straight up . '' The Angels late rally started when Mathis doubled into the left field corner leading off the seventh , barely beating the throw to second by Carlos Peguero . He moved to third on Maicer Izturis ' groundout to first	False
The late offensive surge made a winner out of Angels ' starter Dan Haren , who struggled to make it through six innings . Haren ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two earned runs in his previous 24 innings against the Mariners , only to give up his third	False
Haren allowed seven hits in his six innings , but did n't walk a batter and struck out seven . Rich Thompson mowed through the Mariners in the seventh	True
Haren allowed seven hits in his six innings , but did n't walk a batter and struck out seven . Rich Thompson mowed through the Mariners in the seventh . Scott Downs got out of the eighth	True
Haren allowed seven hits in his six innings , but did n't walk a batter and struck out seven . Rich Thompson mowed through the Mariners in the seventh . Scott Downs got out of the eighth with a strikeout of Olivo despite Seattle putting two runners on . Jordan Walden then pitched the ninth	True
Rich Thompson mowed through the Mariners in the seventh . Scott Downs got out of the eighth with a strikeout of Olivo despite Seattle putting two runners on . Jordan Walden then pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Howie Kendrick had an RBI single in the first	True
Rich Thompson mowed through the Mariners in the seventh . Scott Downs got out of the eighth with a strikeout of Olivo despite Seattle putting two runners on . Jordan Walden then pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances . Howie Kendrick had an RBI single in the first for the Angels and Abreu added an RBI single in the ninth	False
Baker ( 4 - 4 ) struck out seven in his first complete game since Aug. 14 , 2009 . The Twins scored five runs in the first	True
They were n't needed against Lewis on Saturday . Revere and Span led off the bottom of the first	True
Baker did n't have any issues against Texas ' usually potent offense . He was perfect through four innings before Beltre connected for a leadoff double off the right-field wall in the fifth	True
He was perfect through four innings before Beltre connected for a leadoff double off the right-field wall in the fifth . Josh Hamilton , who had three homers and 10 RBIs in his previous eight games , struck out three times against Baker , who threw 80 of his 112 pitches for strikes . Beltre 's double was the lone hit against Baker until the eighth	True
Halladay ( 9 - 3 ) gave up six hits and struck out nine to earn his first win against the Cubs . The Phillies and San Francisco Giants are the only teams he has n't beaten . Halladay , who leads the league with four complete games , threw 106 pitches and was ready to go back out in the eighth	True
Zambrano ( 5 - 3 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He had a season-high seven walks . Trailing 7 - 0 in the eighth	True
But Michael Stutes came in and shut them down , and Antonio Bastardo got the final out for his second save . Ryan Madson was unavailable a night after blowing his first save . Domonic Brown also hit a homer for the NL East-leading Phillies . His two - run shot gave Philadelphia a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
But Michael Stutes came in and shut them down , and Antonio Bastardo got the final out for his second save . Ryan Madson was unavailable a night after blowing his first save . Domonic Brown also hit a homer for the NL East-leading Phillies . His two - run shot gave Philadelphia a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Polanco , batting fifth	False
But Michael Stutes came in and shut them down , and Antonio Bastardo got the final out for his second save . Ryan Madson was unavailable a night after blowing his first save . Domonic Brown also hit a homer for the NL East-leading Phillies . His two - run shot gave Philadelphia a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Polanco , batting fifth for the first time this season , increased the lead in the seventh	True
Stutes entered and struck out pinch-hitter Brad Snyder and retired Kosuke Fukudome on a fly to left to strand two runners . Zambrano started a 3 - 2 , 10-inning loss in St. Louis last Sunday . Marmol gave up a tying RBI double to Ryan Theriot in the ninth	True
Zambrano apologized a day later , saying his comments were made out of frustration . The only person he was frustrated with this time out was himself . Zambrano angrily snatched the throw back to the mound with his bare hand , walked several feet behind the mound and stared into space while waiting for Brown to circle the bases in the second	True
Miguel Olivo drove in three runs , including a go-ahead two - run double in the 10th inning , and the Mariners beat the White Sox 7 - 4 on Wednesday night . Justin Smoak started the winning rally with a leadoff bloop double off White Sox closer Sergio Santos ( 2 - 2 ) . Adam Kennedy drew a walk , then Olivo -- who had a solo homer in the eighth	True
Seattle ended a 10-game losing streak at U. S. Cellular Field and salvaged the finale of the three - game series . The Mariners have played 32 games decided by two runs or fewer this season , going 16 - 16 in those contests . White Sox right fielder Carlos Quentin homered twice , hitting a solo shot in the first	True
Seattle ended a 10-game losing streak at U. S. Cellular Field and salvaged the finale of the three - game series . The Mariners have played 32 games decided by two runs or fewer this season , going 16 - 16 in those contests . White Sox right fielder Carlos Quentin homered twice , hitting a solo shot in the first off Jason Vargas and a tying two - run shot in the eighth	True
Vargas said the home run pitch he threw to Quentin was well-placed . Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) threw a scoreless inning to earn the win and Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th	True
Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) threw a scoreless inning to earn the win and Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th for his AL-leading 17th save of the season . Vargas pitched 7 1/3 strong innings , but gave way to reliever Wright after allowing a single to Alexei Ramirez with one out in the eighth	True
The Mariners scored just one run in each of the first two games of the series , and White Sox starter Gavin Floyd cruised through the first five innings on Wednesday and extended his scoreless streak against the Mariners to 27 innings . Seattle finally broke through in the sixth	True
That was the last inning for Floyd , who threw six innings and allowed five hits , three runs and three walks and struck out three . Chicago pulled within a run on Gordon Beckham 's two - out RBI single in the bottom of seventh	True
Chicago pulled within a run on Gordon Beckham 's two - out RBI single in the bottom of seventh . The Mariners tacked on a run in the eighth	True
Chicago pulled within a run on Gordon Beckham 's two - out RBI single in the bottom of seventh . The Mariners tacked on a run in the eighth when Olivo 's homer made it 4 - 2 . Olivo also scored Seattle 's last run , when he came home on Gutierrez 's squeeze bunt in the 10th	True
Chicago got to Vargas in the first inning . Quentin hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the back of the White Sox bullpen in left field , extending his hitting streak to 10 games . Vargas retired the next nine Chicago batters , before Paul Konerko doubled in the fourth	True
Former Houston star Lance Berkman was impressed with Westbrook 's contribution on offense . Berkman did his part , too , hitting his 13th homer of the season on a two - run shot in the first inning and Albert Pujols homered for the fourth straight game with a solo blast to left field in the eighth	True
Westbrook allowed eight hits and two earned runs while walking three in 5 1/3 innings , but he consistently escaped trouble with Houston runners in scoring position after giving up the early home run to Lee that tied the game 2 - 2 . Westbrook allowed two singles in the sixth	True
Berkman returned to the Cardinals lineup after sitting out Sunday following a cortisone shot to the left wrist he injured making a diving catch last month . In his second trip to Houston since a trade last year , the slugger , who spent 12 seasons with the Astros , was greeted by a mixture of cheers and boos each time he came to the plate . Myers allowed consecutive singles to Yadier Molina and Skip Schumaker with two outs in the fourth	True
Lind homered off Vin Mazzaro in a three - run first inning . Jose Bautista was aboard on a single . Yunel Escobar scored the first Blue Jays run with the help of two Kansas City errors . Escobar singled , stole second	False
Lind homered off Vin Mazzaro in a three - run first inning . Jose Bautista was aboard on a single . Yunel Escobar scored the first Blue Jays run with the help of two Kansas City errors . Escobar singled , stole second , moved to third	False
Yunel Escobar scored the first Blue Jays run with the help of two Kansas City errors . Escobar singled , stole second , moved to third on catcher Matt Treanor 's throwing error and came home on center fielder Melky Cabrera 's throwing error . Arencibia hit his 10th homer , which ranks second among big league rookies , in the eighth	True
Arencibia hit his 10th homer , which ranks second among big league rookies , in the eighth with Lind aboard to make it 8 - 5 . Lind also drove in a run in the fifth	True
Lind also drove in a run in the fifth when his sacrifice fly scored Mike McCoy to hike the Blue Jays ' advantage to 6 - 2 . McCoy doubled home Jayson Nix with the first run of the inning . Escobar left after three innings with a bruised left quadriceps after being kneed in the thigh while stealing second base in the first	True
Escobar left after three innings with a bruised left quadriceps after being kneed in the thigh while stealing second base in the first . He was replaced by McCoy . Rookie left-hander Luis Perez replaced Drabek and threw 2 2/3 scoreless innings , extending his shutout streak to 10 innings . Rauch worked the ninth	True
Minnesota 's Scott Baker survived a shaky start and Matt Tolbert drove in two runs as the Twins extended their season-high winning streak to five games with a 6 - 4 win Monday night over the falling-fast Indians , who lost their fifth straight and may soon cough up their lead in the AL Central . Baker ( 3 - 4 ) was down 2 - 0 after throwing just four pitches as the Indians hit screaming line drives all over Progressive Field in the first	True
Minnesota 's Scott Baker survived a shaky start and Matt Tolbert drove in two runs as the Twins extended their season-high winning streak to five games with a 6 - 4 win Monday night over the falling-fast Indians , who lost their fifth straight and may soon cough up their lead in the AL Central . Baker ( 3 - 4 ) was down 2 - 0 after throwing just four pitches as the Indians hit screaming line drives all over Progressive Field in the first . However , the right-hander bobbed and weaved his way around trouble and stayed in until the eighth	True
Suddenly , the Twins , two - time defending Central champs , have that winning feeling again . The Indians could n't string anything together against Baker , pulled after allowing the first two batters to reach in the eighth	True
The Indians could n't string anything together against Baker , pulled after allowing the first two batters to reach in the eighth . Reliever Jose Mijares got Carlos Santana to hit into a double play before Cabrera scored on an error to make it 6 - 4 . Alex Burnett struck out Matt LaPorta to end the inning . In the ninth	True
Brantley led off with a double , and Cabrera followed by hitting Baker 's next pitch 407 feet to right to make it 2 - 0 , giving the Indians their first lead in 34 innings . It was Cabrera 's team-leading 12th homer -- double his previous career high . Grady Sizemore , batting third	False
Tomlin did n't make the lead stand long . The Twins tied it 2-all in the second	True
The Twins tied it 2-all in the second on a two - out , two - run single by Tolbert . Baker then settled in over the next three innings and Minnesota grabbed a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Baker then settled in over the next three innings and Minnesota grabbed a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth , scoring its runs on a safety squeeze , double-play grounder and wild pitch . Brantley 's fifth homer made it 5 - 3 in the fifth	True
Baker then settled in over the next three innings and Minnesota grabbed a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth , scoring its runs on a safety squeeze , double-play grounder and wild pitch . Brantley 's fifth homer made it 5 - 3 in the fifth , but the Twins went back up by three on Delmon Young 's bloop RBI double in the sixth	True
Tim Dillard and John Axford escaped late-inning threats Sunday , and Josh Wilson homered with two out in the 11th inning to help Milwaukee beat the Florida Marlins for the third day in a row , 6 - 5 . Dillard ( 1 - 0 ) wiggled out of a bases-loaded jam in the ninth	True
Tim Dillard and John Axford escaped late-inning threats Sunday , and Josh Wilson homered with two out in the 11th inning to help Milwaukee beat the Florida Marlins for the third day in a row , 6 - 5 . Dillard ( 1 - 0 ) wiggled out of a bases-loaded jam in the ninth and pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings . Axford worked the 11th	True
The Marlins left 11 runners on base and went 2 for 10 with runners in scoring position . They 've stranded 31 runners and gone 5 for 32 ( .156 ) with runners in scoring position in the first three games of the series . The Brewers won despite blowing a 5 - 0 lead . Wilson 's hit off Mike Dunn ( 4 - 3 ) was their first	False
Florida has dropped seven of nine since sweeping the World Series champion Giants . Marlins backup catcher Brett Hayes hit his first career grand slam to tie it at 5 in the sixth	True
Florida has dropped seven of nine since sweeping the World Series champion Giants . Marlins backup catcher Brett Hayes hit his first career grand slam to tie it at 5 in the sixth , but the Marlins missed a chance to win the game in the ninth	True
With the game still tied , Dillard entered and pitched out of a one - out , bases-loaded jam . Sanchez bounced into a forceout at the plate , and Mike Stanton flied to left . The Marlins also left the bases loaded in the first	True
The Marlins also left the bases loaded in the first . Milwaukee 's Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer , his 11th	False
Weeks also had an RBI single . Chris Narveson took a shutout into the sixth	True
Playing in his second game since returning from lengthy stay on the disabled list , Lind went 4 for 4 with two homers and three RBIs to carry Toronto past the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 4 on Sunday . Lind missed nearly a month with a sore back before being activated from the DL on Friday night . After going hitless on Saturday , he singled twice and hit solo homers in the fifth	True
Lind missed nearly a month with a sore back before being activated from the DL on Friday night . After going hitless on Saturday , he singled twice and hit solo homers in the fifth and seventh innings Sunday . It was Lind 's second multihomer game of the season and the sixth	False
Orioles starter Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 8 ) yielded six runs and nine hits in five innings . The right-hander gave up at least one hit in every inning , and the two homers he allowed were twice the total of his previous three starts . Guthrie retired the first two batters before Jose Bautista walked , hustled to third	False
In the third inning , Corey Patterson singled and Bautista walked before Lind tied it with an RBI single . Escobar made it 5 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Astros ( 23 - 34 ) , last in the NL Central , have won the first four games of a seven - game trip , their longest winning streak of the season . The Padres ( 24 - 33 ) , last in the NL West , dropped to 9 - 21 at home , worst in the NL . They came in hitting a major league-worst .199 at home . The Astros did n't have any trouble with spacious Petco Park . Johnson homered to left on a 1 - 0 pitch from Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) with one out in the fifth	True
The Astros ( 23 - 34 ) , last in the NL Central , have won the first four games of a seven - game trip , their longest winning streak of the season . The Padres ( 24 - 33 ) , last in the NL West , dropped to 9 - 21 at home , worst in the NL . They came in hitting a major league-worst .199 at home . The Astros did n't have any trouble with spacious Petco Park . Johnson homered to left on a 1 - 0 pitch from Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) with one out in the fifth for a 7 - 2 lead . It was Johnson 's sixth	False
The Astros did n't have any trouble with spacious Petco Park . Johnson homered to left on a 1 - 0 pitch from Tim Stauffer ( 1 - 4 ) with one out in the fifth for a 7 - 2 lead . It was Johnson 's sixth . That helped make a winner of Bud Norris ( 3 - 4 ) . Norris went six - plus innings , allowing four runs and six hits while striking out six and walking two . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
The Astros had 11 hits . Hunter Pence extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a third-inning single . Houston jumped on San Diego for five runs on just three hits in the third	True
Carlos Lee had an RBI double and Brett Wallace an RBI groundout . J. R. Towles was credited with an RBI when shortstop Jason Bartlett bobbled his slow grounder , allowing Towles to reach and Lee to score . Norris drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and another run scored on the play on second baseman Logan Forsythe . Johnson also had an RBI single in the second	True
Stauffer allowed seven runs , five earned , on eight hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The Padres got consecutive RBI singles by Chase Headley , who extended his hitting streak to 12 games , and Ryan Ludwick in the third	True
Stauffer allowed seven runs , five earned , on eight hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The Padres got consecutive RBI singles by Chase Headley , who extended his hitting streak to 12 games , and Ryan Ludwick in the third , and consecutive sacrifice flies by pinch-hitter Chris Denorfia and Eric Patterson in the seventh	True
It was Butler 's first career game-winning homer . The Angels loaded the bases in the eighth	True
It was Butler 's first career game-winning homer . The Angels loaded the bases in the eighth when the Royals used four pitchers , but Escobar made a diving stop to his right of Alberto Callaspo 's sharp grounder on the edge of the outfield grass . He then threw him out at first	False
The Royals acquired Paulino last week from the Colorado Rockies , who had designated him for assignment . Paulino has thrown 9 1/3 scoreless innings and given up five hits , while striking out seven and walking none in his first two appearances with Kansas City . Paulino worked out of a bases-loaded jam with none out in the third	True
Paulino worked out of a bases-loaded jam with none out in the third after infield singles by Alexi Amarista and Erick Aybar and Mike Aviles ' fielding error . Paulino struck out Bobby Abreu and coaxed Torii Hunter to ground into a double play . Angels rookie Tyler Chatwood went 7 2/3 innings and gave up five singles . The Royals did not get a runner past second base off Chatwood before the eighth	True
Saunders ( 8 - 8 ) won his fifth straight road decision , allowing two runs and eight hits -- including four singles by Andre Ethier and a solo homer by Dioner Navarro . Saunders was 0 - 5 over his first nine outings with a 5.02 ERA . But he has balanced his books , after finishing July 4 - 1 with a 2.16 ERA in six starts . Ryan Cook replaced Saunders after Ethier singled with two outs in the eighth	True
Ryan Cook replaced Saunders after Ethier singled with two outs in the eighth , then gave up singles by Matt Kemp and Juan Rivera -- whose hit drove in Ethier with the Dodgers ' second run . Los Angeles put two on in the ninth	False
Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 5 ) matched Saunders ' pitch total with 103 . But the rookie right-hander lasted only four innings , giving up three runs , five hits and four walks while striking out six . De La Rosa had allowed only four home runs over his nine previous big league starts before Roberts drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his 15th	False
De La Rosa had allowed only four home runs over his nine previous big league starts before Roberts drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner for his 15th of the season . Parra homered three pitches later for a 2 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks , who came in leading the NL with 339 extra-base hits , added five more to their total . Parra added his seventh homer in the eighth	True
Parra 's second homer of the day was only the second allowed by Kuo in 22 appearances this season . But the left-hander , who missed 32 games because of an anxiety disorder before returning to the bullpen on June 19 , has yielded eight runs in two innings over his last four appearances . Justin Upton singled in the ninth	True
The trade for Marquis means someone will pushed out of the Diamondbacks ' rotation -- possibly Owings ( 5 - 0 ) or Josh Collmenter , who gave up five runs over 3 2/3 innings in his series-opening 9 - 5 loss on Friday . Owings allowed four runs and six hits over five innings , including a two - run homer by NL RBI leader Matt Kemp . The right-hander left for a pinch hitter when the Diamondbacks parlayed two hits and four walks into a five - run sixth	True
Furcal cleaned out his locker , but the Dodgers made no formal announcement that he was traded . Dodgers starter Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 9 ) was charged with six runs and seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . He struck out four and tied a season high with five walks . One of them was to No . 8 hitter Gerardo Parra with the bases loaded and none out in the sixth	True
Another walk to Kelly Johnson on Billingsley 's 103rd and final pitch loaded the bases again , and Upton hit a drive to center field that got past Kemp and cleared the bases . The three RBIs increased Upton 's team-high total to 65 , just four fewer than he had last season in 133 games . Kemp came up in the seventh	True
Another walk to Kelly Johnson on Billingsley 's 103rd and final pitch loaded the bases again , and Upton hit a drive to center field that got past Kemp and cleared the bases . The three RBIs increased Upton 's team-high total to 65 , just four fewer than he had last season in 133 games . Kemp came up in the seventh , representing the potential tying run , but Bryan Shaw struck him out with a runner at third	False
Another walk to Kelly Johnson on Billingsley 's 103rd and final pitch loaded the bases again , and Upton hit a drive to center field that got past Kemp and cleared the bases . The three RBIs increased Upton 's team-high total to 65 , just four fewer than he had last season in 133 games . Kemp came up in the seventh , representing the potential tying run , but Bryan Shaw struck him out with a runner at third . J. J. Putz , the sixth Arizona pitcher , pitched a hitless ninth	True
Kemp came up in the seventh , representing the potential tying run , but Bryan Shaw struck him out with a runner at third . J. J. Putz , the sixth Arizona pitcher , pitched a hitless ninth for his 23rd save in 27 attempts and second since coming off the disabled list last Tuesday . The Diamondbacks also loaded the bases with none out in the second	True
The Diamondbacks also loaded the bases with none out in the second , but all they could get out of it was a sacrifice fly from Willie Bloomquist . Right fielder Andre Ethier prevented two more runs when he robbed Johnson of extra bases with a lunging catch while going full speed toward the warning track . The Dodgers grabbed a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers grabbed a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Casey Blake , in his first game off the disabled list , hit a sacrifice fly one pitch after a one - out triple by Tony Gwynn Jr. Ethier singled with two outs and Kemp deposited Owings ' 2 - 1 pitch into the pavilion seats in left-center for his 26th homer , raising his RBI total to 82 . Jamey Carroll 's line drive up the middle through a drawn-in infield increased the margin to 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
But it was how Jimenez started the game , with Rogers was warming up in the bullpen , that was odd . Jimenez gave up four runs , two hits and four walks in the shaky first	True
Alberto Gonzalez had three RBIs for San Diego and Ryan Ludwick drove in two . Jimenez , who finished third	False
Jimenez , who finished third in the NL Cy Young Award voting last season after going 19 - 8 with a 2.88 ERA , threw 45 pitches , only 21 for strikes . Ludwick and Alberto Gonzalez each had a two - run double in the first	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers closer Neftali Feliz put the poor performances earlier this week behind him and answered his manager 's challenge . Feliz pitched a perfect ninth	True
The AL West-leading Rangers had lost two straight against Minnesota after opening the series with a 20 - 6 win Monday night when they had the most runs and hits ( 27 ) in the majors this season . Feliz gave up two runs in the ninth inning Tuesday night in the Rangers ' 9 - 8 loss . In the blowout opener , Feliz gave up a run in the ninth	True
The Twins pulled him after 97 pitches . Josh Hamilton had three hits for Texas , including a two - out triple in the ninth	True
Josh Hamilton had three hits for Texas , including a two - out triple in the ninth . Young was intentionally walked before Nelson Cruz reached on a throwing error by third baseman Valencia that allowed Hamilton to score . Mitch Moreland then had an RBI single . Harrison was pulled with one out in the eighth	True
Tateyama struck out Michael Cuddyer , who already had two hits in the game and was hitting .500 ( 14 - for - 28 ) against the Rangers this season . Rhodes then struck out Jason Kubel , who had homered off the left-hander in the series . Elvis Andrus and Hamilton had consecutive singles to start the Texas fourth	True
Elvis Andrus and Hamilton had consecutive singles to start the Texas fourth . Young drove Andrus home with a single . Yorvit Torrealba had a leadoff double in the Texas fifth	False
McCutchen said the tweak in his swing was minor -- the result was big . McCutchen had three hits , including a go-ahead double in the fifth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth	True
McCutchen had a first-inning single before snapping a 1-all tie with his fifth-inning double off Derek Lowe ( 6 - 9 ) , who had been perfectly dominant against the Pirates until Thursday night . McCutchen added his 15th homer , a two - run shot off George Sherrill , in the ninth	True
Kevin Correia ( 12 - 8 ) gave up two runs , one earned , nine hits and a walk in 6 1/3 innings . Joel Hanrahan got the final four outs for his 30th save in 31 chances . Hanrahan allowed a double to Ross with one out in the ninth	True
Correia , who pitched with San Francisco and San Diego before signing with the Pirates as a free agent , said it was the first time he has tried to pitch through a rain delay . Lowe gave up hits to the first three batters he faced in the fifth	True
Lowe gave up three runs , eight hits and three walks in five innings in his first career loss to the Pirates . The right-hander was 10 - 0 with a 2.64 ERA in 10 starts against Pittsburgh before Thursday night , including 3 - 0 in 2010 . Freddie Freeman , who had three hits , played a role in the Braves ' runs in the first	True
Lowe gave up three runs , eight hits and three walks in five innings in his first career loss to the Pirates . The right-hander was 10 - 0 with a 2.64 ERA in 10 starts against Pittsburgh before Thursday night , including 3 - 0 in 2010 . Freddie Freeman , who had three hits , played a role in the Braves ' runs in the first and sixth innings . Nate McLouth drew a leadoff walk from Correia in the first	True
Lowe gave up three runs , eight hits and three walks in five innings in his first career loss to the Pirates . The right-hander was 10 - 0 with a 2.64 ERA in 10 starts against Pittsburgh before Thursday night , including 3 - 0 in 2010 . Freddie Freeman , who had three hits , played a role in the Braves ' runs in the first and sixth innings . Nate McLouth drew a leadoff walk from Correia in the first , moved to third	False
Freddie Freeman , who had three hits , played a role in the Braves ' runs in the first and sixth innings . Nate McLouth drew a leadoff walk from Correia in the first , moved to third on Freeman 's single and scored on Eric Hinske 's ground-rule double . Freeman led off the sixth	True
Freddie Freeman , who had three hits , played a role in the Braves ' runs in the first and sixth innings . Nate McLouth drew a leadoff walk from Correia in the first , moved to third on Freeman 's single and scored on Eric Hinske 's ground-rule double . Freeman led off the sixth with a double and scored on shortstop Ronny Cedeno 's throwing error to first	False
Freeman led off the sixth with a double and scored on shortstop Ronny Cedeno 's throwing error to first on Dan Uggla 's grounder . Uggla was awarded a hit , extending his career-best hitting streak to 19 games . A late scoring change made the run unearned . Right-hander Anthony Varvaro , recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett , made his Braves debut by striking out his first two batters in the sixth	True
Freeman led off the sixth with a double and scored on shortstop Ronny Cedeno 's throwing error to first on Dan Uggla 's grounder . Uggla was awarded a hit , extending his career-best hitting streak to 19 games . A late scoring change made the run unearned . Right-hander Anthony Varvaro , recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett , made his Braves debut by striking out his first two batters in the sixth . He retired the first five batters he faced before walking three straight with two outs in the seventh	True
Chicago , which won the series opener , had beaten Verlander in Detroit 11 days ago and was thinking sweep to really get back in the race in the AL Central . But Wilson Betemit came through with a clutch RBI single in the eighth	True
But Wilson Betemit came through with a clutch RBI single in the eighth and the Tigers pulled out the victory behind their ace , who got his 14th win . Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) , allowed four runs and seven hits in eight innings , including two - run homers to Adam Dunn in the first	True
But Wilson Betemit came through with a clutch RBI single in the eighth and the Tigers pulled out the victory behind their ace , who got his 14th win . Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) , allowed four runs and seven hits in eight innings , including two - run homers to Adam Dunn in the first and Paul Konerko in the sixth	True
But Wilson Betemit came through with a clutch RBI single in the eighth and the Tigers pulled out the victory behind their ace , who got his 14th win . Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) , allowed four runs and seven hits in eight innings , including two - run homers to Adam Dunn in the first and Paul Konerko in the sixth . Verlander , who threw 125 pitches , came back to strike out Konerko and Dunn with a runner on in the eighth	True
Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) , allowed four runs and seven hits in eight innings , including two - run homers to Adam Dunn in the first and Paul Konerko in the sixth . Verlander , who threw 125 pitches , came back to strike out Konerko and Dunn with a runner on in the eighth . Valverde pitched the ninth	False
Detroit leads the division by two games over the Cleveland Indians . The third-place White Sox are 4 games out . Will Ohman ( 0 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to Victor Martinez in the eighth	True
Detroit leads the division by two games over the Cleveland Indians . The third-place White Sox are 4 games out . Will Ohman ( 0 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to Victor Martinez in the eighth and pinch-runner Andy Dirks stole second	False
Will Ohman ( 0 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to Victor Martinez in the eighth and pinch-runner Andy Dirks stole second with Jesse Crain pitching . With two outs , Matt Thornton replaced Crain and Betemit -- recently acquired from the Kansas City Royals -- fouled off four pitches before hitting an RBI single to center . Konerko 's two - run homer , his 24th of the season and second	False
Will Ohman ( 0 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to Victor Martinez in the eighth and pinch-runner Andy Dirks stole second with Jesse Crain pitching . With two outs , Matt Thornton replaced Crain and Betemit -- recently acquired from the Kansas City Royals -- fouled off four pitches before hitting an RBI single to center . Konerko 's two - run homer , his 24th of the season and second in as many games , tied the game at 4 - 4 in the sixth	True
Konerko said he was n't surprised how hard Verlander was throwing in his final inning with one pitch clocked near 100 mph . Brennan Boesch 's bunt single got the Tigers started in the sixth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- The Philadelphia Phillies entered the season with a heralded pitching staff of four aces . They may have discovered an unlikely fifth	False
Aaron Rowand homered against his former team for the Giants ( 59 - 44 ) . In the sixth	True
Bochy chose to start Halladay and had Lee pitch 1 2/3 innings , while resting two of his eligible All-Star pitchers , Lincecum and Ryan Vogelsong . The move drew the ire of some Philadelphia fans and may have irritated Phillies pitching coach Rich Dubee , who responded to a question about the situation by saying , `` I 've got my opinions . I'm not going to tell you . '' The Phillies scored four runs in the first	True
The left-hander rebounded after the slow start , allowing two runs and three hits over his final six innings . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pablo Sandoval 's sacrifice fly . Mayberry homered to left in the fourth	True
It 's Chicago 's first three - game winning streak this season . Marlon Byrd led off the 10th inning with a deep fly ball to right-center . Astros right fielder Hunter Pence was in the area to catch it but apparently lost it in the sun . Byrd ended up on third	False
Chicago had to come back after the Cubs bullpen blew another impressive start by Garza . In his third straight start , Garza left after seven innings with the lead only to have it blown by the bullpen . On Sunday , Garza was done in by reliever Jeff Samardzija . With a 2 - 1 lead , Samardzija allowed a leadoff walk to Pence in the eighth	True
On Sunday , Garza was done in by reliever Jeff Samardzija . With a 2 - 1 lead , Samardzija allowed a leadoff walk to Pence in the eighth , then gave up a two - run homer to Carlos Lee to give the Astros a 4 - 3 lead . Lee has hit 36 home runs in his career against the Cubs with 101 RBIs . Quade gave Garza an option if he wanted to continue pitch in the eighth	True
On Sunday , Garza was done in by reliever Jeff Samardzija . With a 2 - 1 lead , Samardzija allowed a leadoff walk to Pence in the eighth , then gave up a two - run homer to Carlos Lee to give the Astros a 4 - 3 lead . Lee has hit 36 home runs in his career against the Cubs with 101 RBIs . Quade gave Garza an option if he wanted to continue pitch in the eighth , but after a long seventh	True
Quade gave Garza an option if he wanted to continue pitch in the eighth , but after a long seventh and a pitch count at 107 , Garza decided against it . The Cubs rallied in the bottom of the eighth	False
Quade gave Garza an option if he wanted to continue pitch in the eighth , but after a long seventh and a pitch count at 107 , Garza decided against it . The Cubs rallied in the bottom of the eighth . Byrd led off with a single off Astros reliever Wilton Lopez and he advanced to third	False
The Cubs rallied in the bottom of the eighth . Byrd led off with a single off Astros reliever Wilton Lopez and he advanced to third on Soto 's single . Alfonso Soriano tied the game with a broken-bat single to left . Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol pitched out of a one - out bases loaded jam in the ninth	True
Trailing 1 - 0 in the second inning , Byrd led off with a double and scored on Soto 's double to center field . After Soriano struck out , Barney doubled down the right-field line to score Soto . Garza followed with a single to right to score Barney to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was Garza 's first RBI in the majors . Barmes ' first inning home run ended Houston 's streak of 27 consecutive hits without an extra base hit . Barmes connected on Garza 's 1 - 1 pitch in the first inning for his sixth	False
Halladay bounced back from his abbreviated stint to strike out eight in eight innings and lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Sunday . Halladay ( 12 - 4 ) had trouble pitching in the heat and humidity in his last start at Chicago and left after four - plus innings . It was 94 degrees for the first pitch Sunday , and he labored through the first five innings . He allowed three runs and eight hits , and did n't get the side in order until the sixth	True
Halladay , who threw 116 pitches , fought off his poor outing and a slow start to this one and continued to pound away at the Padres . Manager Charlie Manuel could tell Halladay was determined to go deep into the game and prove what happened against the Cubs was nothing but a one - start aberration . He closed in on 100 pitches through five , then relied more on his curve and breezed through San Diego 's lineup over the final three . Halladay gave up a pair of runs in the fourth	True
Halladay , who threw 116 pitches , fought off his poor outing and a slow start to this one and continued to pound away at the Padres . Manager Charlie Manuel could tell Halladay was determined to go deep into the game and prove what happened against the Cubs was nothing but a one - start aberration . He closed in on 100 pitches through five , then relied more on his curve and breezed through San Diego 's lineup over the final three . Halladay gave up a pair of runs in the fourth that cut Philadelphia 's lead to 5 - 3 . That 's the way it stayed the rest of the game because Halladay only got better the deeper he went . He fanned Kyle Phillips to end the fifth	True
Halladay gave up a pair of runs in the fourth that cut Philadelphia 's lead to 5 - 3 . That 's the way it stayed the rest of the game because Halladay only got better the deeper he went . He fanned Kyle Phillips to end the fifth and did n't allow another runner . Antonio Bastardo worked a scoreless ninth	True
On the day senior adviser Pat Gillick went into the Baseball Hall of Fame , Philadelphia continued its push for a fifth straight NL East title . Shane Victorino 's RBI single and Ibanez 's run-scoring double off Tim Stauffer ( 6 - 7 ) in the first made it 2 - 1 . Ruiz added a two - RBI double in third	False
Stauffer allowed five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Phillies nearly extended their lead in the seventh	True
Stauffer allowed five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Phillies nearly extended their lead in the seventh when Ibanez hit a shot to the 398-foot spot in center . Chris Denorfia , in the game after Cameron Maybin left with a left hip flexor strain , sprinted with his back to home plate . He twisted his body at the last second	False
The Phillies nearly extended their lead in the seventh when Ibanez hit a shot to the 398-foot spot in center . Chris Denorfia , in the game after Cameron Maybin left with a left hip flexor strain , sprinted with his back to home plate . He twisted his body at the last second and extended his arm over the short wall to rob Ibanez . Ibanez had a bitter look on his face as he rounded first	False
CHICAGO -- Randy Wells finally overcame a first inning jam to win his first game in over three months . Wells pitched six strong innings to earn his first victory since April 4 and Geovany Soto added a solo shot and an RBI single in the eighth	True
Wells , who gave up a combined 12 runs in the first innings of his previous five outings , allowed a leadoff single to Michael Bourn and walked Angel Sanchez to start the game . After Hunter Pence popped out , the right-hander ended the inning by getting Carlos Lee swinging and Chris Johnson looking . Chicago 's bullpen backed up Wells . Marshall struck out pinch-hitter Matt Downs to end the eighth	True
Wells , who gave up a combined 12 runs in the first innings of his previous five outings , allowed a leadoff single to Michael Bourn and walked Angel Sanchez to start the game . After Hunter Pence popped out , the right-hander ended the inning by getting Carlos Lee swinging and Chris Johnson looking . Chicago 's bullpen backed up Wells . Marshall struck out pinch-hitter Matt Downs to end the eighth , leaving runners at first	False
Wells , who gave up a combined 12 runs in the first innings of his previous five outings , allowed a leadoff single to Michael Bourn and walked Angel Sanchez to start the game . After Hunter Pence popped out , the right-hander ended the inning by getting Carlos Lee swinging and Chris Johnson looking . Chicago 's bullpen backed up Wells . Marshall struck out pinch-hitter Matt Downs to end the eighth , leaving runners at first and second	False
After his first start of the season , Wells missed nearly two months with a right forearm strain . In the second inning , Byrd gave the Cubs a lead with a home run to center field on a 2 - 2 pitch from Rodriguez . It was Byrd 's fifth	False
In the second inning , Byrd gave the Cubs a lead with a home run to center field on a 2 - 2 pitch from Rodriguez . It was Byrd 's fifth of the season . Soto led off the fifth	True
In the second inning , Byrd gave the Cubs a lead with a home run to center field on a 2 - 2 pitch from Rodriguez . It was Byrd 's fifth of the season . Soto led off the fifth with a solo shot on an 0 - 2 pitch . It was Soto 's ninth	False
Soto led off the fifth with a solo shot on an 0 - 2 pitch . It was Soto 's ninth of the season . Lee cut the Cubs ' lead with an RBI single in the sixth inning . Sanchez scored from second	False
Lee cut the Cubs ' lead with an RBI single in the sixth inning . Sanchez scored from second , just beating Byrd 's throw from center . The Cubs added insurance runs in the eighth	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Joakim Soria was at his best when the Kansas City Royals needed it most on Saturday night . Soria worked out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam in the 10th	True
The Royals have won four straight to match their season-high winning streak . The Rays loaded the bases in the 10th	True
Rookie Aaron Crow , the Royals ' representative at the All-Star game , began the inning by walking Evan Longoria and B. J. Upton . He was replaced by Soria , who gave up a single to Matt Joyce to load the bases . Soria ( 5 - 3 ) got Casey Kotchman on a comebacker , forcing out Longoria at home . He struck out pinch-hitter Sam Fuld and Elliot Johnson looking to end the 10th	True
Mike Moustakas , who drove in the first three Kansas City runs , knew Soria was going to work out of the jam . Johnson struck out on three pitches to end the Rays 10th	True
Johnson struck out on three pitches to end the Rays 10th and strand three runners . Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) threw two pitches in the 10th	True
Desmond Jennings tripled , doubled , scored two runs and drove in a run for the Rays . Jennings , a highly touted prospect who was just recalled from Triple-A Durham , also , walked twice and stole a base . Jennings led off the game with a triple and scored on Ben Zobrist 's one - out double off Royals left-hander Jeff Francis . The Rays could have added more in the first	True
Jeff Niemann left after six innings , holding the Royals to three runs , two earned , and seven hits , while striking out four and walking none . Niemann is 2 - 0 with a 1.32 ERA in four July starts . Johnson tripled to lead off the second	True
Johnson tripled to lead off the second and scored on Jennings ' double . Moustakas , who drove in the first three Kansas City runs , doubled home Butler , who had reached on a Longoria fielding error , and Hosmer , who had singled , to tie the score at 2 - 2 in the fourth	True
Moustakas , who drove in the first three Kansas City runs , doubled home Butler , who had reached on a Longoria fielding error , and Hosmer , who had singled , to tie the score at 2 - 2 in the fourth . Moustakas ' sacrifice fly in the sixth scored Hosmer . Zobrist and Longoria hit back-to-back doubles in the fifth	False
Moustakas , who drove in the first three Kansas City runs , doubled home Butler , who had reached on a Longoria fielding error , and Hosmer , who had singled , to tie the score at 2 - 2 in the fourth . Moustakas ' sacrifice fly in the sixth scored Hosmer . Zobrist and Longoria hit back-to-back doubles in the fifth to put the Rays back on top 3 - 2 . With two out in the sixth	True
Conrad , playing for the injured Dan Uggla , homered , scored twice and used his speed on the basepaths to help the Atlanta Braves overcome a shaky start by Tommy Hanson to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 6 on Thursday . The switch-hitting Conrad had n't started a game since July 4 against Colorado but did n't show any rust . He broke up a double play in the third	True
Conrad , playing for the injured Dan Uggla , homered , scored twice and used his speed on the basepaths to help the Atlanta Braves overcome a shaky start by Tommy Hanson to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 6 on Thursday . The switch-hitting Conrad had n't started a game since July 4 against Colorado but did n't show any rust . He broke up a double play in the third that led to one run and he broke up a double play in the fifth	True
Heyward and Freddie Freeman each homered and had two hits and Nate McLouth had two hits for Atlanta , which earned a split of the four - game series . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Hanson ( 11 - 5 ) also struggled but received enough run support to get the win . He allowed six runs on seven hits and struck out seven in six innings . Trailing 6 - 5 , the Braves took the lead for good against Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
Hanson ( 11 - 5 ) also struggled but received enough run support to get the win . He allowed six runs on seven hits and struck out seven in six innings . Trailing 6 - 5 , the Braves took the lead for good against Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh . Conrad tied it with a one - out homer , his fourth	False
Matt Lindstrom relieved Reynolds and McLouth scored on pinch-hitter Wilkin Ramirez 's fielder 's choice . Ramirez scored on Heyman 's double down the right-field line to make it 9 - 6 . The Rockies took the early lead when Carlos Gonzalez led off the bottom of the first	True
Matt Lindstrom relieved Reynolds and McLouth scored on pinch-hitter Wilkin Ramirez 's fielder 's choice . Ramirez scored on Heyman 's double down the right-field line to make it 9 - 6 . The Rockies took the early lead when Carlos Gonzalez led off the bottom of the first with his 15th homer of the season . They made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
The Rockies took the early lead when Carlos Gonzalez led off the bottom of the first with his 15th homer of the season . They made it 4 - 0 in the second when Dexter Fowler hit a two - run triple and stole home on a missed suicide squeeze attempt by Chacin . The Braves got back into the game by capitalizing on Chacin 's lack of control . Martin Prado led off the third	True
The Braves got back into the game by capitalizing on Chacin 's lack of control . Martin Prado led off the third with a walk and Heyward followed with his 10th homer of the season . Freeman singled , Chacin walked Eric Hinske and Conrad to load the bases , and Freeman scored on Alex Gonzalez 's groundout to make it 4 - 3 . The Braves chased Chacin in the fifth	True
The Braves chased Chacin in the fifth . Freeman tied the game with his 15th homer with one out , Hinske walked and Conrad reached on a fielder 's choice . After Alex Gonzalez walked , McLouth singled off reliever Matt Belisle to make it 5 - 4 . The Rockies went ahead 6 - 5 in the sixth	False
Verlander threw eight dominant innings , Jhonny Peralta drove in three runs with three hits and the Detroit Tigers beat Minnesota 6 - 2 on Thursday night for their 10th straight win over the Twins . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run homer , and Miguel Cabrera , Victor Martinez and Peralta -- batting fourth	False
Verlander threw eight dominant innings , Jhonny Peralta drove in three runs with three hits and the Detroit Tigers beat Minnesota 6 - 2 on Thursday night for their 10th straight win over the Twins . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run homer , and Miguel Cabrera , Victor Martinez and Peralta -- batting fourth , fifth	False
The Tigers moved a half-game ahead of idle Cleveland in the division while the fourth-place Twins fell six games back . The Tigers teed off on Pavano , who lost only once in his previous eight starts but was n't fooling anyone this time . He managed to get Martinez to ground into a double play in the second inning after a leadoff single by Cabrera , and he ended the fourth	True
The Tigers teed off on Pavano , who lost only once in his previous eight starts but was n't fooling anyone this time . He managed to get Martinez to ground into a double play in the second inning after a leadoff single by Cabrera , and he ended the fourth with a slick stop to start a double play on Carlos Guillen 's bases-loaded comebacker . Pavano contorted his face as he walked off , flashing a bewildered look suggesting he was n't sure how he snagged the ball . He was n't as fortunate in the fifth	True
The Tigers teed off on Pavano , who lost only once in his previous eight starts but was n't fooling anyone this time . He managed to get Martinez to ground into a double play in the second inning after a leadoff single by Cabrera , and he ended the fourth with a slick stop to start a double play on Carlos Guillen 's bases-loaded comebacker . Pavano contorted his face as he walked off , flashing a bewildered look suggesting he was n't sure how he snagged the ball . He was n't as fortunate in the fifth or the sixth	True
Verlander acknowledged that was a `` shot in the arm '' for his teammates . Alexi Casilla , Mauer and Cuddyer hit three consecutive two - out singles in the sixth	True
Pinch-hitter Jason Michaels hit an RBI single in the 11th inning to lift the Astros to a 3 - 2 win over the Washington Nationals on Wednesday and give Houston consecutive victories and a series win for the first time since taking two of three from the Dodgers in June . Humberto Quintero singled to right field before advancing to second	False
Pinch-hitter Jason Michaels hit an RBI single in the 11th inning to lift the Astros to a 3 - 2 win over the Washington Nationals on Wednesday and give Houston consecutive victories and a series win for the first time since taking two of three from the Dodgers in June . Humberto Quintero singled to right field before advancing to second on a sacrifice bunt . He took third	False
Humberto Quintero singled to right field before advancing to second on a sacrifice bunt . He took third on a single by Michael Bourn to set up Michaels ' game-winner to center off Todd Coffey ( 3 - 1 ) . Neither team got a hit in a scoreless 10th inning before Jayson Werth doubled with one out in the 11th	True
It was the 15th extra-inning game for the Nationals this season and dropped their record in those games to 9 - 6 . Houston rookie Jose Altuve picked up his first major league hit with a single to right field off Tyler Clippard with two outs in the ninth	True
It was the 15th extra-inning game for the Nationals this season and dropped their record in those games to 9 - 6 . Houston rookie Jose Altuve picked up his first major league hit with a single to right field off Tyler Clippard with two outs in the ninth . Clippard walked Hunter Pence before retiring Carlos Lee to send it to the 10th	True
Livan Hernandez , who started for the Nationals , allowed seven hits and two runs with three strikeouts in six innings . He has allowed seven or more hits in five of his last six starts . Hernandez retired six of the last seven he faced and was replaced by Rodriguez , who threw a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh	True
DENVER -- Carlos Gonzalez gave his family members quite the send-off thanks in large part to Martin Prado 's tough night . Gonzalez singled home the winning run off Eric O'Flaherty with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
O'Flaherty ( 1 - 3 ) retired his first two batters before Prado let Dexter Fowler 's grounder go through his legs for a two - base error . Pinch-hitter Ty Wigginton was intentionally walked , bringing up Gonzalez , who slapped the first pitch he saw into right field , scoring Fowler from second	False
Pinch-hitter Ty Wigginton was intentionally walked , bringing up Gonzalez , who slapped the first pitch he saw into right field , scoring Fowler from second . That made a winner out of Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) , who threw a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Prado was n't just kicking himself for his error , either . The one time he did reach base , he was thrown out at home on a play he and many others thought was going to be an easy run-scoring groundout . The Braves put runners at second	False
Prado was n't just kicking himself for his error , either . The one time he did reach base , he was thrown out at home on a play he and many others thought was going to be an easy run-scoring groundout . The Braves put runners at second and third	False
Prado was n't just kicking himself for his error , either . The one time he did reach base , he was thrown out at home on a play he and many others thought was going to be an easy run-scoring groundout . The Braves put runners at second and third with no outs in the sixth	True
Prado took off on Dan Uggla 's groundball to Ian Stewart and was so surprised that the third baseman threw home that he was tagged out without even sliding . Second baseman Mark Ellis then made a run-saving stab of Jason Heyward 's groundball for the second	False
Prado took off on Dan Uggla 's groundball to Ian Stewart and was so surprised that the third baseman threw home that he was tagged out without even sliding . Second baseman Mark Ellis then made a run-saving stab of Jason Heyward 's groundball for the second out , and shortstop Troy Tulowitzki capped the inning with a barehanded grab of Alex Gonzalez 's comebacker that ricocheted off rookie right-hander Juan Nicasio and fired to first	False
Second baseman Mark Ellis then made a run-saving stab of Jason Heyward 's groundball for the second out , and shortstop Troy Tulowitzki capped the inning with a barehanded grab of Alex Gonzalez 's comebacker that ricocheted off rookie right-hander Juan Nicasio and fired to first in the nick of time . Gonzalez said he could n't blame Prado for trying to score on Uggla 's grounder to third	False
Backed by such stellar defense , Nicasio was again overpowering at Coors Field , allowing one run and five hits over seven innings . He stood to improve to 5 - 0 at home until Matt Lindstrom blew the save in just two pitches in the eighth inning . Jordan Schafer led off with a single against Rex Brothers , who retired the next two batters before giving way to Lindstrom . Schafer stole second	False
Nicasio lowered his ERA at Coors Field to 1.57 thanks to command of his fastball and more sink on his slider . Helton gave Colorado a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Nicasio lowered his ERA at Coors Field to 1.57 thanks to command of his fastball and more sink on his slider . Helton gave Colorado a 2 - 0 lead in the first with a two - run shot into the seats in right field , his 11th homer . The Braves cut their deficit in half in the second	True
Dioner Navarro 's home run off Lincecum ( 8 - 8 ) landed in McCovey Cove and was the only pop Los Angeles showed on a day hitting coach Jeff Pentland was fired . Dave Hansen was promoted on an interim basis for the rest of the season . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth	True
All it took was one pitch to wash away an otherwise solid start . Navarro became the 24th opposing player and first	False
All it took was one pitch to wash away an otherwise solid start . Navarro became the 24th opposing player and first this season to hit a home run into McCovey Cove , taking a 1 - 0 fastball off Lincecum over the right-field wall in the seventh	True
Navarro became the 24th opposing player and first this season to hit a home run into McCovey Cove , taking a 1 - 0 fastball off Lincecum over the right-field wall in the seventh . It was the fourth time Lincecum gave up a splash shot in his career , and the eighth time this season he walked off the mound with his team held scoreless . Navarro knew the ball was gone the second	True
That was all the support Los Angeles ' ace needed . The Dodgers committed three errors with some sloppy defense , getting bailed out by Kershaw each time . Navarro twice threw into center field trying to throw out a runner at second	False
That was all the support Los Angeles ' ace needed . The Dodgers committed three errors with some sloppy defense , getting bailed out by Kershaw each time . Navarro twice threw into center field trying to throw out a runner at second only to have Kershaw strand them at third	False
The Dodgers committed three errors with some sloppy defense , getting bailed out by Kershaw each time . Navarro twice threw into center field trying to throw out a runner at second only to have Kershaw strand them at third in the first two innings . Second baseman Jamey Carroll could n't corral a hard-hit ball by Brandon Belt in the fourth	True
The Dodgers committed three errors with some sloppy defense , getting bailed out by Kershaw each time . Navarro twice threw into center field trying to throw out a runner at second only to have Kershaw strand them at third in the first two innings . Second baseman Jamey Carroll could n't corral a hard-hit ball by Brandon Belt in the fourth , and the Giants rookie hustled into second	False
Torii Hunter homered for the Angels , whose six - run rally in the sixth inning would n't have been possible had it not been for two infield singles to shortstop by Mike Trout and Alberto Callaspo on close plays . Rangers left-hander Derek Holland , coming off consecutive shutouts against Oakland and Seattle , took an 8 - 3 lead into the sixth	True
`` They got two infield hits hustling down the line that inning . That 's what hurt us . If we get those two outs , we 're off the field with a lead . But Trout beat one out and then Callaspo beat one out . That was the real damage . '' Angels starter Dan Haren lasted only 4 1/3 innings and gave up a season-worst seven runs along with nine hits . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the victory , Scott Downs worked two perfect innings and All-Star rookie Jordan Walden got three outs for his 22nd save in 28 chances , striking out Nelson Cruz with the potential tying run at third	False
Angels starter Dan Haren lasted only 4 1/3 innings and gave up a season-worst seven runs along with nine hits . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the victory , Scott Downs worked two perfect innings and All-Star rookie Jordan Walden got three outs for his 22nd save in 28 chances , striking out Nelson Cruz with the potential tying run at third . The Rangers grabbed an 8 - 3 lead with a five - run fifth	True
The Rangers grabbed an 8 - 3 lead with a five - run fifth . Josh Hamilton hit a go-ahead RBI single and Young drove in two with a double that chased Haren . David Murphy greeted Takahashi with a bloop single , and two more runs scored when Yorvit Torrealba hit a line drive to left that Wells appeared to have lost in the lights and had to chase back to the fence . Hamilton singled with two outs in the Rangers ' first	True
Hamilton singled with two outs in the Rangers ' first and scored on Adrian Beltre 's double off the wall in right-center . The Angels responded in the bottom half with a bases-loaded two - run single by Kendrick . Those two runs matched the total number of runs the Rangers ' pitching staff had allowed over their previous six games combined , a stretch that included four shutouts . Hunter increased the Angels ' lead to 3 - 1 in the third	True
Hamilton singled with two outs in the Rangers ' first and scored on Adrian Beltre 's double off the wall in right-center . The Angels responded in the bottom half with a bases-loaded two - run single by Kendrick . Those two runs matched the total number of runs the Rangers ' pitching staff had allowed over their previous six games combined , a stretch that included four shutouts . Hunter increased the Angels ' lead to 3 - 1 in the third with his 12th homer , ending an 0 - for - 18 drought that began with his first at-bat following the All-Star break . But the Rangers pulled even in the fourth	True
Happ said he was encouraged by his teammates telling him before and during Tuesday 's game that they were going to pick him up in this one . Barmes hit his two - run shot in the second inning and added a run on a single in the fourth	True
Happ said he was encouraged by his teammates telling him before and during Tuesday 's game that they were going to pick him up in this one . Barmes hit his two - run shot in the second inning and added a run on a single in the fourth . Bourn pushed Houston 's lead to 6 - 2 in the fourth	True
Happ said he was encouraged by his teammates telling him before and during Tuesday 's game that they were going to pick him up in this one . Barmes hit his two - run shot in the second inning and added a run on a single in the fourth . Bourn pushed Houston 's lead to 6 - 2 in the fourth with a two - run double . His run-scoring single in the sixth made it 7 - 5 after Washington scored three in the sixth	False
Michael Morse and Jerry Hairston Jr. both homered and had three hits and two RBIs for the Nationals . Houston closer Mark Melancon hit Morse with a pitch with two outs in the ninth	True
Hairston singled to left field in the eighth inning , but Carlos Lee grabbed the ball after it bounced off the wall and launched it to Sanchez who tagged him out at second base . Morse hit a ground-rule double to start the seventh inning before advancing to third	False
Humberto Quintero singled with two outs in the sixth inning before pinch-hitter Brian Bogusevic walked . Bourn followed with a single that sailed just out of reach of a leaping Ryan Zimmerman and into left field to leave Houston ahead 7 - 5 . Hairston 's homer came with one out in the sixth	True
Hairston 's homer came with one out in the sixth and cut Houston 's lead to 6 - 4 . It was his first game back after being activated from the disabled list on Monday after recovering from a broken bone in his right wrist . Happ walked pinch-hitter Alex Cora after Hairston 's homer before he was replaced by Fernando Rodriguez with two outs . A wild pitch by Rodriguez sent Cora to second	False
Happ walked pinch-hitter Alex Cora after Hairston 's homer before he was replaced by Fernando Rodriguez with two outs . A wild pitch by Rodriguez sent Cora to second before he scored on a single by Ian Desmond to get the Nationals within 6 - 5 . Rodriguez struck out Zimmerman to end the inning . Barmes put Houston up 3 - 2 with a run-scoring single to center field in the fourth	True
Happ hit a sacrifice bunt before Bourn 's two - RBI double left Houston ahead 6 - 2 later in the inning . Zimmerman walked in the third inning before Morse extended his career high with his 17th homer of the season and second	False
Yes , it 's just July 18 . Still , for a team playing against the backdrop of 18 consecutive losing seasons , peering down from atop the standings for at least 24 hours is hardly a bad thing . Morton gave up three hits , struck out three and walked two before the bullpen took over . Tony Watson pitched 2 2/3 innings of nearly flawless baseball , Daniel McCutchen got out of a two - on , two - out spot in the eighth	True
Yes , it 's just July 18 . Still , for a team playing against the backdrop of 18 consecutive losing seasons , peering down from atop the standings for at least 24 hours is hardly a bad thing . Morton gave up three hits , struck out three and walked two before the bullpen took over . Tony Watson pitched 2 2/3 innings of nearly flawless baseball , Daniel McCutchen got out of a two - on , two - out spot in the eighth and Joel Hanrahan worked the ninth	True
Dontrelle Willis ( 0 - 1 ) pitched well in his second start since being called up from Triple-A Louisville . The former All-Star surrendered two runs in 4 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking just one . Willis ' only hiccup came in the fourth	True
Willis ' only hiccup came in the fourth as the Pirates scratched across a pair of runs in what is becoming very Pirate-like fashion . D'Arnaud and Neil Walker led off the fourth	True
Humberto Quintero 's knock to shallow left field off Jose Veras ( 2 - 3 ) sent one home to give Houston the lead . Michael Bourn added an insurance run with his two out , RBI single off Chris Leroux that made it 6 - 4 . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) struck out two in a scoreless eighth	True
Humberto Quintero 's knock to shallow left field off Jose Veras ( 2 - 3 ) sent one home to give Houston the lead . Michael Bourn added an insurance run with his two out , RBI single off Chris Leroux that made it 6 - 4 . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) struck out two in a scoreless eighth before Houston closer Mark Melancon pitched a perfect ninth	True
It was Melancon 's first save since June 8 against St. Louis . The Astros led 3 - 0 after three innings , thanks to a two - run homer by Jeff Keppinger . But the Pirates rallied behind a home run by Neil Walker in the fifth	True
Walker had a season-high four hits and homered for the first time since June 5 to extend his hitting streak to 10 games . After Pence walked in the eighth inning , he advanced to second	False
Said Ellis : `` You just hate to waste a pitching performance like we had today . '' Bernadina hit a broken-bat RBI single in the sixth	True
Said Ellis : `` You just hate to waste a pitching performance like we had today . '' Bernadina hit a broken-bat RBI single in the sixth , while Ankiel hit his third homer of the season , off reliever Matt Reynolds in the eighth	True
Trumbo , who hit a game-ending homer Friday night and added another on Saturday , connected for a tying two - run shot off Hernandez in the fourth inning . The Angels ' slugging rookie has been a revelation while filling in for injured first baseman Kendrys Morales , finishing the first half with a team-leading 17 homers to go with 41 RBIs . Haren had retired 12 straight before Ackley led off the ninth	True
Bautista led off the 10th inning with his second homer of the game , lifting the Toronto Blue Jays to a 5 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Saturday night . Bautista , who leads the majors with 31 homers , connected on a 1 - 0 pitch from Chris Perez ( 3 - 2 ) after the Indians tied it on Travis Buck 's two - out double in the ninth	True
Indians manager Manny Acta pointed to another elite slugger while describing Bautista 's impressive roll . It was Toronto 's second straight win in the series after a stunning loss on Thursday during which the Indians rallied for a 5 - 4 win on Travis Hafner 's game-ending grand slam in the ninth	True
It was Toronto 's second straight win in the series after a stunning loss on Thursday during which the Indians rallied for a 5 - 4 win on Travis Hafner 's game-ending grand slam in the ninth . Cleveland nearly pulled off another memorable comeback Saturday . Hafner started the ninth	True
Cleveland nearly pulled off another memorable comeback Saturday . Hafner started the ninth with a single and Carlos Santana followed with a grounder that glanced off reliever Jon Rauch 's glove and rolled to first baseman Adam Lind . Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) raced to the bag and took the throw , which was barely in time to beat Santana 's headfirst slide . Pinch-runner Austin Kearns moved to second	False
Pinch-runner Austin Kearns moved to second on the grounder and advanced again when Grady Sizemore tapped back to the mound . Buck then doubled off the wall in left-center on the 11th pitch of the at-bat . Matt LaPorta grounded out to end the inning . Shawn Camp pitched a perfect 10th	True
Toronto starter Brandon Morrow allowed three runs and three hits over eight innings in his longest outing of the season . He struck out eight and walked two . Bautista lined a 1 - 0 pitch from Josh Tomlin into the bleachers in left field with two outs in the third	True
Bautista lined a 1 - 0 pitch from Josh Tomlin into the bleachers in left field with two outs in the third , giving Toronto a 2 - 1 lead . Bautista also became the first major leaguer to hit 30 homers before the All-Star break since Alex Rodriguez in 2007 , and set a club record for home runs before the break , snapping a tie with George Bell , who hit 29 in 1987 . An error by Buck , the first	False
Bautista lined a 1 - 0 pitch from Josh Tomlin into the bleachers in left field with two outs in the third , giving Toronto a 2 - 1 lead . Bautista also became the first major leaguer to hit 30 homers before the All-Star break since Alex Rodriguez in 2007 , and set a club record for home runs before the break , snapping a tie with George Bell , who hit 29 in 1987 . An error by Buck , the first of his career , helped the Blue Jays go in front 4 - 3 in the fifth	True
An error by Buck , the first of his career , helped the Blue Jays go in front 4 - 3 in the fifth . His errant throw after Lind 's single to right allowed Eric Thames to score . Buck had played 192 games without committing an error . Sizemore hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Derek Holland ( 7 - 4 ) rebounded from his shortest outing ever with a four - hitter for his third career shutout . He struck out seven and walked two while allowing only four singles . The left-hander had allowed five runs and four hits while getting only two outs in his previous start Saturday night against Florida . Hamilton drove in a run in each of his first four at-bats , putting Texas ahead to stay with an RBI groundout in the first	True
Derek Holland ( 7 - 4 ) rebounded from his shortest outing ever with a four - hitter for his third career shutout . He struck out seven and walked two while allowing only four singles . The left-hander had allowed five runs and four hits while getting only two outs in his previous start Saturday night against Florida . Hamilton drove in a run in each of his first four at-bats , putting Texas ahead to stay with an RBI groundout in the first . The outfielder added a run-scoring single in the third	True
Rich Harden ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits over five innings in his second start of the season for the A 's . Before the Rangers batted in the second	True
Before the Rangers batted in the second , manager Washington spoke briefly with one of the umpires . Michael Young , who was leading off the inning , could be seen talking to A 's catcher Kurt Suzuki and pointing toward the area where the previous accident happened . Holland struck out four of the first six batters he faced , getting all three outs in the first	True
Holland struck out four of the first six batters he faced , getting all three outs in the first on strikes . After Suzuki 's single in the fifth	True
Holland struck out four of the first six batters he faced , getting all three outs in the first on strikes . After Suzuki 's single in the fifth , Holland retired 10 consecutive batters without a ball leaving the infield before giving up a pair of singles and a walk in the ninth	True
Mitch Moreland had a grand slam wiped out when the May 11 game was rained out and none of the stats counted . Moreland had a double and a single in the makeup . He led off the Texas fourth	True
Nine of the Blue Jays ' 11 hits came from the bottom five hitters in their order as Toronto lost for the eighth time in 11 games . Toronto took a 1 - 0 lead with an unearned run in the second	True
Nine of the Blue Jays ' 11 hits came from the bottom five hitters in their order as Toronto lost for the eighth time in 11 games . Toronto took a 1 - 0 lead with an unearned run in the second . Aaron Hill walked , stole second	False
Nine of the Blue Jays ' 11 hits came from the bottom five hitters in their order as Toronto lost for the eighth time in 11 games . Toronto took a 1 - 0 lead with an unearned run in the second . Aaron Hill walked , stole second and continued to third	False
Toronto took a 1 - 0 lead with an unearned run in the second . Aaron Hill walked , stole second and continued to third when shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera mishandled the throw for an error . Travis Snider singled home Hill . J. P. Arencibia and Rajai Davis got RBI singles in the fourth	True
J. P. Arencibia and Rajai Davis got RBI singles in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Arencibia 's hit snapped an 0 for 18 streak for the Toronto catcher . McAllister left the bases loaded by getting Bautista to hit into an inning-ending forceout . Asdrubal Cabrera deftly turned Bautista 's hard-hit ball into an out by making a sliding backhand stop in the hole at short and flipping to second	False
McAllister left the bases loaded by getting Bautista to hit into an inning-ending forceout . Asdrubal Cabrera deftly turned Bautista 's hard-hit ball into an out by making a sliding backhand stop in the hole at short and flipping to second for the out . In the bottom half , Bautista , playing third base for only the 10th time this year , made a diving stop behind the bag of a smash hit by Matt LaPorta . He got to his feet and threw from the outfield grass to first	False
Bumgarner lasted six innings , allowing five runs and nine hits . He is 1 - 5 in nine starts at home . Ludwick had a two - run double in the first	True
Ludwick had a two - run double in the first , but Torres doubled leading off the bottom half and eventually scored on Sandoval 's groundout . The Padres added a run in the third	True
Ludwick had a two - run double in the first , but Torres doubled leading off the bottom half and eventually scored on Sandoval 's groundout . The Padres added a run in the third on Headley 's sacrifice fly and in the fourth	False
The Padres added a run in the third on Headley 's sacrifice fly and in the fourth on Guzman 's double . Schierholtz 's fifth home run of the year , a two - run shot that glanced off the right-field foul pole , cut San Diego 's lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth	True
Schierholtz 's fifth home run of the year , a two - run shot that glanced off the right-field foul pole , cut San Diego 's lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth . Orlando Hudson singled with two outs in the sixth	True
Schierholtz 's fifth home run of the year , a two - run shot that glanced off the right-field foul pole , cut San Diego 's lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth . Orlando Hudson singled with two outs in the sixth , stole second	False
Schierholtz 's fifth home run of the year , a two - run shot that glanced off the right-field foul pole , cut San Diego 's lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth . Orlando Hudson singled with two outs in the sixth , stole second and advanced to third	False
The Tigers were coming off Tuesday 's 1 - 0 loss in which Dan Haren held them to two hits for the only base runners of the game . They fared much better Wednesday , with Austin Jackson scoring a pair of runs while drawing four of the Tigers ' eight walks . Brad Penny ( 6 - 6 ) settled in after allowing three runs in the first	True
The Tigers were coming off Tuesday 's 1 - 0 loss in which Dan Haren held them to two hits for the only base runners of the game . They fared much better Wednesday , with Austin Jackson scoring a pair of runs while drawing four of the Tigers ' eight walks . Brad Penny ( 6 - 6 ) settled in after allowing three runs in the first . He gave up four runs on six hits over 6 1/3 innings . Jose Valverde worked a perfect ninth	True
The Angels went to the bullpen and brought in the right-handed Kohn to face the right-handed Cabrera , who hit the third pitch for his 18th homer of the season . Valverde entered having allowed three earned runs in his last four innings . He induced a pair of groundouts and got Trumbo looking for strike three to end it . The win was Detroit 's third	False
Valverde entered having allowed three earned runs in his last four innings . He induced a pair of groundouts and got Trumbo looking for strike three to end it . The win was Detroit 's third in the past nine games . Trumbo pulled the Angels within 5 - 4 with a solo homer in the bottom of the seventh	True
Trumbo pulled the Angels within 5 - 4 with a solo homer in the bottom of the seventh to chase Penny . It was the just the second hit since the first inning allowed by Penny , who won for only the second time in nine starts . Los Angeles starter Tyler Chatwood was in line for the win when he was removed with one out in the sixth	True
Los Angeles starter Tyler Chatwood was in line for the win when he was removed with one out in the sixth after throwing 101 pitches . He allowed two unearned runs on four hits , but walled five . Martinez got the Tigers on the board with a two - run single in the third	True
Los Angeles starter Tyler Chatwood was in line for the win when he was removed with one out in the sixth after throwing 101 pitches . He allowed two unearned runs on four hits , but walled five . Martinez got the Tigers on the board with a two - run single in the third off Chatwood that scored Don Kelly and Jackson . The runs were unearned after third baseman Alberto Callaspo fielded Jackson 's grounder but threw wide of first	False
Martinez got the Tigers on the board with a two - run single in the third off Chatwood that scored Don Kelly and Jackson . The runs were unearned after third baseman Alberto Callaspo fielded Jackson 's grounder but threw wide of first and was charged with an error . Bobby Abreu , who has spent much of the season as the Angels ' designated hitter , showed off his arm strength in the fourth	True
Martinez got the Tigers on the board with a two - run single in the third off Chatwood that scored Don Kelly and Jackson . The runs were unearned after third baseman Alberto Callaspo fielded Jackson 's grounder but threw wide of first and was charged with an error . Bobby Abreu , who has spent much of the season as the Angels ' designated hitter , showed off his arm strength in the fourth by throwing out Kelly at home plate . Kelly was attempting to score from second	False
Martinez got the Tigers on the board with a two - run single in the third off Chatwood that scored Don Kelly and Jackson . The runs were unearned after third baseman Alberto Callaspo fielded Jackson 's grounder but threw wide of first and was charged with an error . Bobby Abreu , who has spent much of the season as the Angels ' designated hitter , showed off his arm strength in the fourth by throwing out Kelly at home plate . Kelly was attempting to score from second on Santiago 's single when Abreu fired a strike from left field to catcher Hank Conger , who blocked the plate and applied the tag for the third	False
Bobby Abreu , who has spent much of the season as the Angels ' designated hitter , showed off his arm strength in the fourth by throwing out Kelly at home plate . Kelly was attempting to score from second on Santiago 's single when Abreu fired a strike from left field to catcher Hank Conger , who blocked the plate and applied the tag for the third out to preserve the 3 - 2 lead . The Angels struck for three runs in the first	True
San Diego built enough of a cushion to withstand the late push . Chase Headley , Orlando Hudson and Ryan Ludwick each had an RBI off Lincecum ( 6 - 7 ) to chase the Giants ' ace after five innings . Nick Hundley added an RBI single in the eighth	True
San Diego built enough of a cushion to withstand the late push . Chase Headley , Orlando Hudson and Ryan Ludwick each had an RBI off Lincecum ( 6 - 7 ) to chase the Giants ' ace after five innings . Nick Hundley added an RBI single in the eighth and Venable 's solo shot came in the ninth	False
Clayton Richard ( 5 - 9 ) struck out two and gave up two hits and three walks in five innings . After two separate four - game losing streaks this season , the lefty has won three straight . Heath Bell allowed a run in the ninth	True
The rally came too late for the Giants . About the lone bright spot before the ninth	True
They put a runner on base in all five innings against the two - time NL Cy Young Award winner . And the aggressive , free-swinging approach worked from the opening pitch . Venable and Jason Bartlett singled to start the first	True
Venable and Jason Bartlett singled to start the first . Venable scored on Headley 's sacrifice fly to center , and Hudson drove in Bartlett with a single later in the inning to give San Diego a 2 - 0 lead . After Bartlett doubled to open the fifth	True
`` It was a pretty bad outing all the way around . '' Richard was in complete control against the offensively challenged Giants . He induced double plays in the second	True
`` It was a pretty bad outing all the way around . '' Richard was in complete control against the offensively challenged Giants . He induced double plays in the second and fifth	True
`` It was a pretty bad outing all the way around . '' Richard was in complete control against the offensively challenged Giants . He induced double plays in the second and fifth , and the only time San Francisco reached second base against Richard came on Sandoval 's two - out double in the first	True
The Phillies have won Halladay 's past nine starts , the longest streak of his brief Philadelphia career . The right-hander is 6 - 0 with a 2.81 ERA in that span . Blue Jays manager John Farrell and reliever Jon Rauch were both ejected in a wild top of the ninth	True
After calling Shawn Camp in from the bullpen , Farrell renewed the argument with Marquez and was also ejected , swiping the dirt around home plate with his hands and getting nose to nose with the ump before the rest of the crew came in to separate the pair . Fans threw debris onto center field and booed Marquez loudly for the remainder of the game . For Rauch , the ejection was his first	False
After calling Shawn Camp in from the bullpen , Farrell renewed the argument with Marquez and was also ejected , swiping the dirt around home plate with his hands and getting nose to nose with the ump before the rest of the crew came in to separate the pair . Fans threw debris onto center field and booed Marquez loudly for the remainder of the game . For Rauch , the ejection was his first of the season . For Farrell , it was his second	False
Utley was impressed at his teammate 's ability to keep his feelings in check . Halladay walked one and struck out eight in his sixth complete game of the season , but needed some help from his offense to win this one . Philadelphia trailed 3 - 2 when Utley greeted reliever Luis Perez with a two - run homer to right in the seventh	True
Utley was impressed at his teammate 's ability to keep his feelings in check . Halladay walked one and struck out eight in his sixth complete game of the season , but needed some help from his offense to win this one . Philadelphia trailed 3 - 2 when Utley greeted reliever Luis Perez with a two - run homer to right in the seventh , his fourth	False
The left-handed Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in one inning . Philadelphia opened the scoring with a run in the first	True
Philadelphia opened the scoring with a run in the first off Blue Jays right-hander Carlos Villanueva , who was pitching on five days rest to keep his innings down before the All-Star break . Jimmy Rollins walked and stole second	False
Philadelphia opened the scoring with a run in the first off Blue Jays right-hander Carlos Villanueva , who was pitching on five days rest to keep his innings down before the All-Star break . Jimmy Rollins walked and stole second , Placido Polanco walked and , one out later , Ryan Howard scored Rollins with a single to center . A passed ball put runners on second	False
Philadelphia opened the scoring with a run in the first off Blue Jays right-hander Carlos Villanueva , who was pitching on five days rest to keep his innings down before the All-Star break . Jimmy Rollins walked and stole second , Placido Polanco walked and , one out later , Ryan Howard scored Rollins with a single to center . A passed ball put runners on second and third	False
Jimmy Rollins walked and stole second , Placido Polanco walked and , one out later , Ryan Howard scored Rollins with a single to center . A passed ball put runners on second and third but Villanueva retired Shane Victorino and Raul Ibanez on fly balls to end the inning . Toronto tied it in the fourth	True
Toronto tied it in the fourth when Bautista crushed a leadoff home run off the center field restaurant . Estimated at 449 feet , it was the longest homer against Halladay this season , according to ESPN . Villanueva set down 11 in a row before Philadelphia regained the lead in the fifth	True
Villanueva set down 11 in a row before Philadelphia regained the lead in the fifth . Ross Gload and Carlos Ruiz hit back-to-back singles and Rollins drove in Gload with a ground rule double to center . Given the advantage , Halladay could n't hold it in the bottom half . Patterson led off with an infield single and went to third	False
Villanueva set down 11 in a row before Philadelphia regained the lead in the fifth . Ross Gload and Carlos Ruiz hit back-to-back singles and Rollins drove in Gload with a ground rule double to center . Given the advantage , Halladay could n't hold it in the bottom half . Patterson led off with an infield single and went to third on Utley 's throwing error . One out later , John McDonald tied it with an RBI single through the left side . McDonald moved to second	False
Given the advantage , Halladay could n't hold it in the bottom half . Patterson led off with an infield single and went to third on Utley 's throwing error . One out later , John McDonald tied it with an RBI single through the left side . McDonald moved to second on Aaron Hill 's grounder and scored on a two - out single to shallow center by rookie outfielder Eric Thames . Ruiz doubled to begin the seventh	True
Savor it ? Absolutely . Grady Sizemore hit the first	False
Cleveland is 4 - 0 against Cincinnati , which has struggled mightily against the American League . The defending NL Central champs are 5 - 11 in interleague play and have lost their season series to Cleveland for the first time since 2005 . Masterson ( 6 - 6 ) went eight innings for his first win since April 26 . He allowed four hits , including the first	False
Arroyo gave up four homers -- tying his career high -- in a 10 - 5 victory in Baltimore on Saturday . The Indians kept the trend going , giving Masterson a chance to get that long-awaited win . Sizemore hit a down-the-middle , two - strike pitch for a solo homer . Cabrera added a two - run shot in the third	True
Sizemore hit a down-the-middle , two - strike pitch for a solo homer . Cabrera added a two - run shot in the third , and Santana homered two pitches later for a 4 - 0 lead . By contrast , Masterson has been adept at keeping the ball down and in the park . Phillips led off the fourth	True
Sizemore hit a down-the-middle , two - strike pitch for a solo homer . Cabrera added a two - run shot in the third , and Santana homered two pitches later for a 4 - 0 lead . By contrast , Masterson has been adept at keeping the ball down and in the park . Phillips led off the fourth with only the fourth homer allowed by the right-hander this season -- the first	False
Betemit 's big hit came less than 18 hours after reserve Ramon Santiago delivered a game-ending homer in the 10th inning . Austin Jackson went 4 for 4 and scored three times for the AL Central-leading Tigers , who have won seven of 10 . Cabrera added two hits and Jose Valverde worked the ninth	True
Jackson sparked the winning rally with a leadoff triple against Blake Wood ( 5 - 2 ) . Ramon Santiago followed with a sacrifice fly that trimmed Kansas City 's lead to 4 - 3 . With one out and Delmon Young on first	False
Alex Avila was intentionally walked before Betemit hit a liner into the right-field corner to drive in pinch runner Brennan Boesch . Jeff Francoeur cut down Avila at the plate to end the inning . Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched an inning to get the victory and Valverde got Alcides Escobar to fly out with runners on first	False
Alex Avila was intentionally walked before Betemit hit a liner into the right-field corner to drive in pinch runner Brennan Boesch . Jeff Francoeur cut down Avila at the plate to end the inning . Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched an inning to get the victory and Valverde got Alcides Escobar to fly out with runners on first and second	False
Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched an inning to get the victory and Valverde got Alcides Escobar to fly out with runners on first and second to end the game . Hosmer connected in the second	True
Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched an inning to get the victory and Valverde got Alcides Escobar to fly out with runners on first and second to end the game . Hosmer connected in the second and the fourth	True
Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched an inning to get the victory and Valverde got Alcides Escobar to fly out with runners on first and second to end the game . Hosmer connected in the second and the fourth , hitting a drive to right on a 1 - 2 pitch each time , and Kansas City added two more runs in the sixth	True
Gordon hit a leadoff single and scored on Melky Cabrera 's double . Cabrera then scored when Young could n't handle Billy Butler 's drive to left and misplayed it again when trying to pick it up . Jackson scored each of Detroit 's first two runs , on Young 's sacrifice fly in the first	True
Gordon hit a leadoff single and scored on Melky Cabrera 's double . Cabrera then scored when Young could n't handle Billy Butler 's drive to left and misplayed it again when trying to pick it up . Jackson scored each of Detroit 's first two runs , on Young 's sacrifice fly in the first and Nate Adcock 's wild pitch in the third	True
The loss prevented the Angels from gaining ground on first-place Texas in the AL West . The Rangers , who earlier lost to Tampa Bay 5 - 1 , maintained a 3 1/2-game lead . Hernandez , who allowed five hits , issued one walk and struck out nine , held the one - run lead with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Hernandez dueled with Angels starter Dan Haren ( 13 - 8 ) , who gave up five hits in his 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out seven . At one point , Haren retired 15 consecutive batters . After a one - out double by Kyle Seager in the second	True
Hernandez dueled with Angels starter Dan Haren ( 13 - 8 ) , who gave up five hits in his 7 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out seven . At one point , Haren retired 15 consecutive batters . After a one - out double by Kyle Seager in the second , he did n't allow another baserunner until Franklin Gutierrez 's one - out single in the seventh	True
For eight - plus innings , it was a typical Hernandez-Haren matchup . The right-handers had opposed each other three times previously . Coming in , Hernandez was 1 - 0 with a 0.82 ERA and 26 strikeouts in his three starts . Haren was 1 - 1 with a 0.83 ERA and 18 strikeouts . Haren could not escape the eighth	True
`` Both of those ( starters ) threw terrific ballgames , '' he added . `` We did n't get much going offensively . We got one run . Against any lineup , you have to keep making pitches and Danny did for the most part . I think those guys battled , pitch by pitch . Hernandez came out on top with a heck of a pitchers ' duel . '' The Angels ' run came in the third	True
`` Both of those ( starters ) threw terrific ballgames , '' he added . `` We did n't get much going offensively . We got one run . Against any lineup , you have to keep making pitches and Danny did for the most part . I think those guys battled , pitch by pitch . Hernandez came out on top with a heck of a pitchers ' duel . '' The Angels ' run came in the third . Mike Trout opened with a single to center . Expecting a low-scoring game , Scioscia chose to manufacture a run . He had Jeff Mathis sacrifice Trout to second	False
Hernandez retired 16 of the last 17 batters . When the Mariners took the lead , Hernandez especially wanted to close it out in the ninth	True
With better run support this season , Shields would have more victories , which would have boosted his Cy Young Award candidacy . His ERA is 0.66 in his 13 wins this season . David Murphy hit a two - out RBI single for Texas in the ninth	True
David Murphy hit a two - out RBI single for Texas in the ninth , but Farnsworth struck out Yorvit Torrealba to end the game . Shields escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first	True
David Murphy hit a two - out RBI single for Texas in the ninth , but Farnsworth struck out Yorvit Torrealba to end the game . Shields escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first when Mike Napoli grounded into a double play . The right-hander then retired the next 14 batters , a streak that ended when Elvis Andrus tripled with two outs in the sixth	True
Shields escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first when Mike Napoli grounded into a double play . The right-hander then retired the next 14 batters , a streak that ended when Elvis Andrus tripled with two outs in the sixth . No big deal -- Shields promptly struck out Josh Hamilton to end the inning , leaving Andrus on third	False
But Ogando insists that his right arm is n't wearing down . The Rays struck for two runs in the second	True
The Rays struck for two runs in the second . John Jaso had a bloop RBI single and Desmond Jennings forced in a run with a bases-loaded walk . Matt Joyce knocked out Ogando with an RBI single in the third	True
The Rays struck for two runs in the second . John Jaso had a bloop RBI single and Desmond Jennings forced in a run with a bases-loaded walk . Matt Joyce knocked out Ogando with an RBI single in the third , and Damon connected against Koji Uehara in the seventh	True
The left-hander did n't give up a homer for the first time since July 23 against Washington , but struggled to keep his focus in the day game . Javy Guerra pitched the ninth	True
Javy Guerra pitched the ninth to earn his 13th save in 14 chances . The Padres lost their season-high seventh	False
Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one for San Diego . The left-hander fell to 1 - 5 in seven career starts against the Dodgers , including a 1 - 4 mark with a 7.20 ERA in five starts at Chavez Ravine . Kemp 's single to left in the first inning gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . He showed off his arm in the second	True
Kemp , Andre Ethier and James Loney have been clicking offensively in recent weeks , contributing to the Dodgers ' surge . Loney went 2 - for - 3 and has driven in at least one run in seven of his past eight games . He 's hitting .476 since Aug. 21 . LeBlanc tied it with a two - out RBI single in the second	True
LeBlanc tied it with a two - out RBI single in the second that was preceded by consecutive walks by Lilly . The Dodgers took the lead for good when Barajas hit a 3 - 1 pitch off the left-field foul pole in the bottom of the second	True
The Dodgers took the lead for good when Barajas hit a 3 - 1 pitch off the left-field foul pole in the bottom of the second . Barajas ' 15th homer drove in Loney , who was aboard on a leadoff walk . Loney 's RBI single into the left-field corner extended the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
Loney 's RBI single into the left-field corner extended the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 1 in the fourth . The Padres ' other run came on Gonzalez 's RBI double in the sixth	True
It was Dickey 's seventh consecutive quality start , the best such streak of his career . Hampered by a lack of offensive support , however , he was 0 - 3 in his previous five outings . Justin Turner had a run-scoring single and Josh Thole hustled his way to an RBI for the Mets , who have won three straight following a 2 - 11 skid . Jason Isringhausen struck out all three batters in the eighth	True
It was Dickey 's seventh consecutive quality start , the best such streak of his career . Hampered by a lack of offensive support , however , he was 0 - 3 in his previous five outings . Justin Turner had a run-scoring single and Josh Thole hustled his way to an RBI for the Mets , who have won three straight following a 2 - 11 skid . Jason Isringhausen struck out all three batters in the eighth and Bobby Parnell gave up a homer to New York nemesis Gaby Sanchez in the ninth	True
Dickey ( 6 - 11 ) lost power at his Long Island home during the storm , but was steady on the mound all afternoon . Floating a few 60 mph knuckleballs at the Marlins , he scattered seven hits and walked one while striking out six in his first win since July 25 . Dickey finally got some good fortune in the sixth	True
Dickey ( 6 - 11 ) lost power at his Long Island home during the storm , but was steady on the mound all afternoon . Floating a few 60 mph knuckleballs at the Marlins , he scattered seven hits and walked one while striking out six in his first win since July 25 . Dickey finally got some good fortune in the sixth when Dobbs lined out to third	False
Dickey finally got some good fortune in the sixth when Dobbs lined out to third with runners at the corners and one out . Sanchez flied out to end the inning . Florida opened the seventh	True
Dickey finally got some good fortune in the sixth when Dobbs lined out to third with runners at the corners and one out . Sanchez flied out to end the inning . Florida opened the seventh with consecutive singles , but Dickey picked off Mike Cameron at second	False
Only a few thousand fans were scattered throughout the stands for the start of the first game , a makeup of an Aug. 3 rainout and the opener of a five - game series . But with Hurricane Irene having already swept through the area , the sky was blue and clear on a beautiful , 76-degree day . The field appeared to be in fine shape , too , although the grounds crew manicured the mound before Dickey warmed up in the fourth	True
Vargas faced Viciedo in two at-bats last season with Viciedo going 1 for 2 with a single and strikeout . Vargas remembered the encounter but did n't think it had anything to do with the outcome of today 's at-bats . The White Sox scored six times in the sixth	True
Gordon Beckham and Juan Pierre got hits to chase Vargas , and Brent Lillibridge and Konerko followed with two more singles off reliever Josh Lueke to drive in a pair and give the White Sox a 9 - 0 lead . Floyd blanked the Mariners on just two hits over the first seven innings . Kyle Seager reached on a strikeout to start the eighth	True
Singles from Ichiro Suzuki and Franklin Gutierrez forced Floyd from the game . After a single by Dustin Ackley loaded the bases , Will Ohman struck out Casper Wells and got Adam Kennedy to line out . Bard added an RBI groundout in the ninth	True
Mark DeRosa , in as part of a double switch , singled with one out and then stole his first base in two years to set up the game-winner . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the final two outs of the 10th	True
Houston starter Brett Myers , who has not won since June 17 , matched season lows for runs ( 1 ) and hits ( 2 ) in his seven innings . He walked three and struck out seven . Myers is 0 - 7 over his last 13 starts . Mike Fontenot doubled to lead off the first	True
Houston starter Brett Myers , who has not won since June 17 , matched season lows for runs ( 1 ) and hits ( 2 ) in his seven innings . He walked three and struck out seven . Myers is 0 - 7 over his last 13 starts . Mike Fontenot doubled to lead off the first and scored when Beltran grounded out to first	False
Myers retired 12 of the next 13 hitters and finished strong , striking out two of the last three batters he faced . Fontenot was the only Giants player to venture any further than second base until the 10th	True
Fontenot was the only Giants player to venture any further than second base until the 10th . The Astros were 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position , with Lee 's double driving in the tying run in the fifth	True
The Cubs responded in their first game following the firing of general manager Jim Hendry , who was let go about three hours before the game . He was replaced on an interim basis by assistant general manager Randy Bush . Geovany Soto led off the 10th	True
The Cubs responded in their first game following the firing of general manager Jim Hendry , who was let go about three hours before the game . He was replaced on an interim basis by assistant general manager Randy Bush . Geovany Soto led off the 10th with a single off Dotel ( 0 - 2 ) , advanced to second	False
Like most of the Cubs , Colvin spoke fondly of Hendry , who was very popular in the clubhouse . Soto also had a game-tying RBI double in the eighth inning . Darwin Barney homered and tripled , and Starlin Castro added two hits for the Cubs . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Wells gave up four hits in seven innings and struck out five . He set down the Cardinals in order in four of his seven innings . The Cubs nearly won the game in the ninth	True
The Cubs nearly won the game in the ninth , but ran themselves out of the inning . Tony Campana reached first leading off the ninth	True
The Cubs nearly won the game in the ninth , but ran themselves out of the inning . Tony Campana reached first leading off the ninth when second baseman Ryan Theriot bobbled a routine grounder for an error . Campana darted for second	False
Tony Campana reached first leading off the ninth when second baseman Ryan Theriot bobbled a routine grounder for an error . Campana darted for second on a steal attempt as Castro flied to center , lost track of the ball , and was easily doubled off first base . After trailing for 7 1/2 innings , the Cubs tied it 4 - 4 in the eighth	True
After trailing for 7 1/2 innings , the Cubs tied it 4 - 4 in the eighth . Soto 's double into the left-field corner scored Carlos Pena from first base . Molina 's second-inning homer opened the scoring , and Garcia 's single up the middle scored Theriot to make it 3 - 0 . Freese hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
Barney brought the Cubs within 4 - 2 with his second homer of the season , landing a shot barely into the basket in the left-field corner . His previous homer was April 25 against Colorado . Barney added a triple when Lance Berkman overran a blooper into the right-field corner in the seventh	True
`` This is a terrible place . This is probably one of the top five worst places to play defense . It 's a bad surface , you ca n't see . It 's tough . It 's unfortunate that happened on back-to-back plays . '' With DeWitt on third	False
Haren surpassed his combined victory total of last year with the Angels and Arizona Diamondbacks . The three - time All-Star allowed three runs and nine hits over seven innings , struck out eight and walked none after getting staked to an early 5 - 0 lead . The Orioles started chipping away in the third	True
Haren surpassed his combined victory total of last year with the Angels and Arizona Diamondbacks . The three - time All-Star allowed three runs and nine hits over seven innings , struck out eight and walked none after getting staked to an early 5 - 0 lead . The Orioles started chipping away in the third with a two - out RBI single by Matt Wieters that Trout trapped on a diving attempt in short right field . Adam Jones narrowed the gap to 5 - 3 with sacrifice flies in the fifth	True
The Orioles started chipping away in the third with a two - out RBI single by Matt Wieters that Trout trapped on a diving attempt in short right field . Adam Jones narrowed the gap to 5 - 3 with sacrifice flies in the fifth and seventh innings . But Hunter responded in the bottom of the seventh	False
But Hunter responded in the bottom of the seventh with a two - run homer off reliever Willie Eyre , giving him 17 for the season and capping his 16th career multihomer game . Scott Downs , who has n't given up an earned run at Angel Stadium all season , escaped his own bases-loaded jam in the eighth	True
Scott Downs , who has n't given up an earned run at Angel Stadium all season , escaped his own bases-loaded jam in the eighth by striking out Josh Bell and retiring J. J. Hardy on a fly ball . Hardy has gone six games and 28 at-bats without driving in a run -- after an eight - game RBI streak in which he had 13 and homered five times . Trout , who was recalled from Double-A Arkansas on Friday , ended the scoring with a solo homer in the eighth	True
Reyes , who has a 6.60 ERA over his past three outings , found himself behind 4 - 0 after just 12 pitches and four batters . Howie Kendrick 's single drove in Bourjos , who led off with a double , and Hunter sent the next pitch into the lower seats in the left-field corner . By the time the inning ended , Reyes had thrown 34 of his 97 pitches . Bourjos made it 5 - 0 in the second	True
Bourjos made it 5 - 0 in the second with his sixth home run , the 18th Reyes has allowed this season . Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis threw out Hunter in the fifth	True
Bourjos made it 5 - 0 in the second with his sixth home run , the 18th Reyes has allowed this season . Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis threw out Hunter in the fifth when he tried to score from second	False
Bourjos made it 5 - 0 in the second with his sixth home run , the 18th Reyes has allowed this season . Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis threw out Hunter in the fifth when he tried to score from second on a two - out single by Erick Aybar . The Orioles have 28 outfield assists , second	False
Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis threw out Hunter in the fifth when he tried to score from second on a two - out single by Erick Aybar . The Orioles have 28 outfield assists , second in the AL to Kansas City 's 43 . Haren escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second	True
The Cubs have won 11 of 14 . Uggla 's best chance to extend the streak came in the fifth	True
`` It was a good streak for him . He 's a great player . But I think our pitchers are happy . They take a lot of pride in that , and I'm happy for them . '' Uggla grounded out to shortstop against Jeff Samardzija in the seventh	True
`` It was a good streak for him . He 's a great player . But I think our pitchers are happy . They take a lot of pride in that , and I'm happy for them . '' Uggla grounded out to shortstop against Jeff Samardzija in the seventh in his final at-bat . He did n't come up in the ninth	True
Uggla had 15 homers and 32 RBIs in the streak . Marmol walked Michael Bourn , who had three hits , with two outs in the ninth	True
Uggla streak passed Rico Carty 's 31-game streak in 1970 as the longest in Atlanta Braves history . The franchise record is 37 games by Tommy Holmes for the 1945 Boston Braves . The Braves led 4 - 0 through five innings and 5 - 4 through six before Carlos Pena 's two - run homer in the seventh	True
The Braves led 4 - 0 through five innings and 5 - 4 through six before Carlos Pena 's two - run homer in the seventh . Atlanta took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	False
The Braves led 4 - 0 through five innings and 5 - 4 through six before Carlos Pena 's two - run homer in the seventh . Atlanta took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth when Jason Heyward singled off John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) , stole second	False
The Braves led 4 - 0 through five innings and 5 - 4 through six before Carlos Pena 's two - run homer in the seventh . Atlanta took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth when Jason Heyward singled off John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) , stole second and scored on Grabow 's wild throw to first	False
Atlanta took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth when Jason Heyward singled off John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) , stole second and scored on Grabow 's wild throw to first on a grounder by Alex Gonzalez . The Cubs answered in the seventh	True
Zambrano 's Cubs equipment bag was seen on the truck being loaded outside the clubhouse , but there was no indication he will join the team before the end of his 30-day leave without pay . He can not be involved in team activities while on the disqualified list . Bourn singled in the first	True
Zambrano 's Cubs equipment bag was seen on the truck being loaded outside the clubhouse , but there was no indication he will join the team before the end of his 30-day leave without pay . He can not be involved in team activities while on the disqualified list . Bourn singled in the first and moved to third	False
Zambrano 's Cubs equipment bag was seen on the truck being loaded outside the clubhouse , but there was no indication he will join the team before the end of his 30-day leave without pay . He can not be involved in team activities while on the disqualified list . Bourn singled in the first and moved to third when Matt Garza fielded Prado 's soft grounder and threw high to second	False
Garza 's six errors lead all pitchers in the majors , according to STATS LLC . He gave up four runs , two earned , on six hits and a walk in five innings . The Braves added two runs in the second	True
Garza 's six errors lead all pitchers in the majors , according to STATS LLC . He gave up four runs , two earned , on six hits and a walk in five innings . The Braves added two runs in the second on RBI singles by Bourn and Prado and stretched the lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
Garza 's six errors lead all pitchers in the majors , according to STATS LLC . He gave up four runs , two earned , on six hits and a walk in five innings . The Braves added two runs in the second on RBI singles by Bourn and Prado and stretched the lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth when Jose Constanza walked , stole second	False
Garza 's six errors lead all pitchers in the majors , according to STATS LLC . He gave up four runs , two earned , on six hits and a walk in five innings . The Braves added two runs in the second on RBI singles by Bourn and Prado and stretched the lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth when Jose Constanza walked , stole second and third	False
The Braves added two runs in the second on RBI singles by Bourn and Prado and stretched the lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth when Jose Constanza walked , stole second and third and scored on Bourn 's broken-bat single to center . Colvin had a two - run single in Chicago 's four - run sixth	True
Colvin had a two - run single in Chicago 's four - run sixth . Brandon Beachy , who gave up two runs on six hits in 5 1/3 innings , was lifted after allowing singles by Barney and Ramirez and Pena 's run-scoring fly ball . Scott Linebrink gave up three straight hits , including Colvin 's two - run single . Arodys Vizcaino 's wild pitch to Blake DeWitt allowed Geovany Soto to score from third	False
Weaver ( 14 - 6 ) was pitching for the first time since Aug. 5 after serving a six - game suspension for throwing over the head of Detroit 's Alex Avila in a loss on July 31 . The Angels ace originally appealed the suspension , but decided last Saturday to serve his punishment in full . Still , he acknowledged feeling `` rusty '' after a seven - day layoff . Riding a streak of 15 consecutive quality starts , Weaver was in trouble from the get-go against Toronto , surrendering a two - run shot to Encarnacion in the first	True
Riding a streak of 15 consecutive quality starts , Weaver was in trouble from the get-go against Toronto , surrendering a two - run shot to Encarnacion in the first , the 10th homer of the season for the Blue Jays infielder . Toronto added one more in the second	True
Riding a streak of 15 consecutive quality starts , Weaver was in trouble from the get-go against Toronto , surrendering a two - run shot to Encarnacion in the first , the 10th homer of the season for the Blue Jays infielder . Toronto added one more in the second on back-to-back doubles by Rajai Davis and John McDonald , then blew it open with a five - run fifth	True
Toronto added one more in the second on back-to-back doubles by Rajai Davis and John McDonald , then blew it open with a five - run fifth . Yunel Escobar hit a one - out double before walks to Eric Thames and Encarnacion loaded the bases for Lind , who drove Weaver 's first pitch over the wall in right for his 20th homer and third career grand slam . One out later , Teahen chased Weaver with a solo drive to right , his fourth	False
Romero ( 11 - 9 ) , who also won four straight in his 2009 rookie season , has an ERA of 1.15 over his past four outings and has allowed just 11 hits in 31 1/3 innings . The Angels ' lone run against Romero came on a leadoff homer by Alberto Callaspo in the fifth	True
The Angels ' lone run against Romero came on a leadoff homer by Alberto Callaspo in the fifth . The Blue Jays piled on with three more in the sixth	True
The Angels ' lone run against Romero came on a leadoff homer by Alberto Callaspo in the fifth . The Blue Jays piled on with three more in the sixth against reliever Joel Pineiro . McDonald singled and went to third	False
The Angels ' lone run against Romero came on a leadoff homer by Alberto Callaspo in the fifth . The Blue Jays piled on with three more in the sixth against reliever Joel Pineiro . McDonald singled and went to third when shortstop Andrew Romine made a throwing error on a potential double-play grounder . Thames walked to load the bases for Encarnacion , who drove in a run with a sharp infield single to third	False
The Blue Jays piled on with three more in the sixth against reliever Joel Pineiro . McDonald singled and went to third when shortstop Andrew Romine made a throwing error on a potential double-play grounder . Thames walked to load the bases for Encarnacion , who drove in a run with a sharp infield single to third . Lind followed with a sacrifice fly , and J. P. Arencibia capped it with an RBI single to center . Trever Miller worked a scoreless eighth	True
The Blue Jays piled on with three more in the sixth against reliever Joel Pineiro . McDonald singled and went to third when shortstop Andrew Romine made a throwing error on a potential double-play grounder . Thames walked to load the bases for Encarnacion , who drove in a run with a sharp infield single to third . Lind followed with a sacrifice fly , and J. P. Arencibia capped it with an RBI single to center . Trever Miller worked a scoreless eighth , and Luis Perez gave up a sacrifice fly to Mark Trumbo in the ninth	False
Tyler Clippard retired the four batters he faced , and Drew Storen finished for his 31st save in 35 tries . Storen allowed a run on a sacrifice fly by Pence , pitching out of trouble after consecutive singles to start the inning . He struck out Ryan Howard swinging at a slider before Pence 's fly to right . Hamels worked out of a jam in the first	True
Tyler Clippard retired the four batters he faced , and Drew Storen finished for his 31st save in 35 tries . Storen allowed a run on a sacrifice fly by Pence , pitching out of trouble after consecutive singles to start the inning . He struck out Ryan Howard swinging at a slider before Pence 's fly to right . Hamels worked out of a jam in the first but could n't do it again in the second	True
An RBI groundout by Jayson Werth in the fifth put the Nationals up 3 - 1 . Washington had the bases loaded with no outs and a 3 - 0 count on Jonny Gomes but only scored one . Gomes flied out to shallow right before Werth hit a slow roller to first base to drive in Ankiel . Hernandez singled in another run in the sixth	True
about myself and at the end , it works for all of us . '' Carlos Marmol struck out three in a scoreless ninth	True
today ; unfortunately we were just on the other side . '' The Nationals scored first	False
opening inning on a throwing error by shortstop Starlin Castro that let Ryan Zimmerman score all the way from first	False
streak in 2009 . The Cubs tied it in the second	True
streak in 2009 . The Cubs tied it in the second when Soto led off with his 12th	True
Soto said . Chicago took the lead in the fourth	True
the NL hits leader . Castro struck out , ending the threat . Johnson led off the fifth	True
Werth responded with his 14th homer , a drive into the bleachers in left-center in the sixth	True
Soriano connected against Collin Balester with one out in the sixth	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon was thinking about what he could have done different as his team entered the bottom of the ninth trailing by four runs . Turned out that a big comeback made it all wasted thoughts . Sam Fuld hit a game-tying triple and then scored on an errant throw to complete a five - run ninth	True
Sam Fuld hit a game-tying triple and then scored on an errant throw to complete a five - run ninth as the Rays rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 7 on Wednesday night . Fuld hit a drive to right center off closer Joakim Soria ( 5 - 5 ) and wound up scoring the winning run when second baseman Johnny Giavotella was charged with an error for a bad relay throw to third	False
Fuld hit a drive to right center off closer Joakim Soria ( 5 - 5 ) and wound up scoring the winning run when second baseman Johnny Giavotella was charged with an error for a bad relay throw to third . After Aaron Crow gave up consecutive singles in the ninth	True
Salvador Perez got his first career hit , RBI and made several key defensive plays in his major league debut and Melky Cabrera homered and drove in five runs for Kansas City . The Royals purchased the contract of the highly-regarded catcher from Triple-A Omaha . The 21-year old had a seventh-inning single in three at-bats and added a sacrifice fly . He also picked Kotchman off first	False
Salvador Perez got his first career hit , RBI and made several key defensive plays in his major league debut and Melky Cabrera homered and drove in five runs for Kansas City . The Royals purchased the contract of the highly-regarded catcher from Triple-A Omaha . The 21-year old had a seventh-inning single in three at-bats and added a sacrifice fly . He also picked Kotchman off first during the fourth	True
Salvador Perez got his first career hit , RBI and made several key defensive plays in his major league debut and Melky Cabrera homered and drove in five runs for Kansas City . The Royals purchased the contract of the highly-regarded catcher from Triple-A Omaha . The 21-year old had a seventh-inning single in three at-bats and added a sacrifice fly . He also picked Kotchman off first during the fourth and Fuld at third	False
Salvador Perez got his first career hit , RBI and made several key defensive plays in his major league debut and Melky Cabrera homered and drove in five runs for Kansas City . The Royals purchased the contract of the highly-regarded catcher from Triple-A Omaha . The 21-year old had a seventh-inning single in three at-bats and added a sacrifice fly . He also picked Kotchman off first during the fourth and Fuld at third in the eighth	True
The Royals purchased the contract of the highly-regarded catcher from Triple-A Omaha . The 21-year old had a seventh-inning single in three at-bats and added a sacrifice fly . He also picked Kotchman off first during the fourth and Fuld at third in the eighth . Cabrera had a pair of sacrifice flys and extended the lead to 7 - 3 with a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
Cabrera had a pair of sacrifice flys and extended the lead to 7 - 3 with a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) . Matt Joyce homered for the Rays . Johnny Damon singled in the ninth	True
Matt Joyce homered for the Rays . Johnny Damon singled in the ninth to tie George Davis for 65th place on the career hits list with 2,683 . Perez had a stretch starting with two outs in the fifth	True
Royals starter Felipe Paulino allowed one run , three hits and four walks in five innings . He developed back stiffness running earlier this week on the artifical turf and it an impact in his outing . Kansas City went up 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Kansas City went up 2 - 0 in the fourth on a run-scoring triple by Giavotella and Perez 's sac fly off Wade Davis . The duo are among the 15 different rookies to play for Kansas City this season . Cabrera made it 3 - 0 on a fifth-inning sacrifice fly . He had another sac fly in the seventh	True
Cabrera made it 3 - 0 on a fifth-inning sacrifice fly . He had another sac fly in the seventh . Joyce , batting lead-off for the first time in place of Desmond Jennings , who was rested , cut the deficit to 3 - 1 with a solo shot in the fifth	True
Kotchman pulled Tampa Bay within 3 - 2 on a sixth-inning RBI single . Joyce fouled out to Perez on a 3 - 2 pitch with the bases loaded to end the inning . After Jennings had a one - out pinch-hit RBI single in the eighth	True
Abreu connected with two outs for his second home run of the game . The Yankees then began to rally in the bottom half , putting runners at the corners with Mark Teixeira up . Walden bluffed toward third	False
Walden bluffed toward third a couple times . The only thing that did was draw boos from the crowd . Walden decided to try it once more . He stepped to third	False
Walden bluffed toward third a couple times . The only thing that did was draw boos from the crowd . Walden decided to try it once more . He stepped to third as if to make a throw , whirled toward first	False
Walden bluffed toward third a couple times . The only thing that did was draw boos from the crowd . Walden decided to try it once more . He stepped to third as if to make a throw , whirled toward first and -- surprise ! -- Granderson was trying to steal second	False
Abreu connected for his first multihomer game this season and 16th of his career . Once a star for the Yankees , Abreu sat in a golf cart outside the Angels ' clubhouse and chatted with some of his former teammates before the game while rain washed away batting practice . Pinch-hitter Alberto Callaspo opened the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Alberto Callaspo opened the ninth with a single . Aybar bunted into a forceout , leaving him in an 0 - for - 24 slump , and stole second base . After Howie Kendrick grounded out , Abreu hit his sixth home run of the season . Walden worked the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Alberto Callaspo opened the ninth with a single . Aybar bunted into a forceout , leaving him in an 0 - for - 24 slump , and stole second base . After Howie Kendrick grounded out , Abreu hit his sixth home run of the season . Walden worked the ninth for his 26th save in 33 chances . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) got Russell Martin to ground out with two runners on to end the eighth	True
The Angels moved a season-high 12 games over .500 . They have the AL 's best record since mid-June . Derek Jeter lined a two - out , two - run single over Fernando Rodney 's head that made it 4-all in the seventh	True
Derek Jeter lined a two - out , two - run single over Fernando Rodney 's head that made it 4-all in the seventh , and smiled wide as the Angels made a pitching change . That tying hit came right after Brett Gardner finished starter Dan Haren with an RBI single and stole his 22nd straight base . The Angels scored four times off A. J. Burnett in the sixth	True
Burnett followed by throwing a wild pitch that let another run score , and was booed when the inning ended . Granderson hit his 29th homer , giving New York a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer to the pool deck in right-center off Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) in the first inning and Ransom 's shot to left to put the Diamondbacks back ahead . Ian Kennedy ( 14 - 3 ) pitched seven effective innings to win his sixth straight start and J.J Putz worked a perfect ninth	True
Kershaw , the NL strikeouts leader , had a superb first half of the season to get an invite to the All-Star game in Phoenix and had been dominant since the Midsummer Classic , allowing four earned runs in 30 innings to win all four of his starts . Kennedy has been Arizona 's best pitcher , ranking second	False
Kennedy allowed three runs on six hits in seven innings , but left with the lead thanks to a mistake by Kershaw . It came in the seventh inning , when the left-hander threw a belt-high fastball down the middle and Ransom hit it out to left for a two - run homer that put the Diamondbacks up 4 - 3 . Kershaw knew the ball was out as soon as it left the bat , squatting on the mound and looking at the dirt before he even got to first	False
Holliday said it was especially satisfying to produce after the walks . Sloppy defense plagued the Marlins all day , and after they tied the game at 4-all , the Cardinals took advantage of a throwing error by shortstop Emilio Bonifacio to score three unearned runs in the seventh	True
About a thousand hardy fans remained until the end , and the majority seemed to be Cardinals rooters . Florida 's Bryan Petersen hit his first major league homer , a two - run shot that tied the game when he pinch-hit with two out in the sixth	True
Ryan Dempster ( 9 - 8 ) struggled with his control , matching his season high with six walks , but held the Reds to two runs and four hits in six innings . Carlos Marmol worked the ninth	True
Ryan Dempster ( 9 - 8 ) struggled with his control , matching his season high with six walks , but held the Reds to two runs and four hits in six innings . Carlos Marmol worked the ninth for his 24th save in 31 chances and third	False
Ramon Hernandez homered for Cincinnati , which has lost three of four since a three - game sweep of the San Francisco Giants . Brandon Phillips and rookie Yonder Alonso each had two hits , but the Reds picked up their 26th one - run loss of the season , most in the majors . Reds starter Mike Leake ( 9 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He also had an RBI single in Cincinnati 's two - run fourth	True
Reds starter Mike Leake ( 9 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . He also had an RBI single in Cincinnati 's two - run fourth that trimmed Chicago 's lead to 3 - 2 . The Cubs jumped on Leake in the first	True
Colvin added his fourth homer in the second inning , a drive into the right-field bleachers . It was his fourth career homer off Leake . Castro also singled in the second	True
Colvin added his fourth homer in the second inning , a drive into the right-field bleachers . It was his fourth career homer off Leake . Castro also singled in the second and eighth	True
Castro also singled in the second and eighth , upping his NL-best hit total to 146 . Hernandez struck out to leave the bases loaded in the first	True
Castro also singled in the second and eighth , upping his NL-best hit total to 146 . Hernandez struck out to leave the bases loaded in the first , but the Reds rallied with two out in the fourth	True
Castro also singled in the second and eighth , upping his NL-best hit total to 146 . Hernandez struck out to leave the bases loaded in the first , but the Reds rallied with two out in the fourth . With runners on first	False
Castro also singled in the second and eighth , upping his NL-best hit total to 146 . Hernandez struck out to leave the bases loaded in the first , but the Reds rallied with two out in the fourth . With runners on first and second	False
Hernandez struck out to leave the bases loaded in the first , but the Reds rallied with two out in the fourth . With runners on first and second , Leake hit a shallow fly to center . Campana raced in and made a diving attempt , but the ball popped out of his glove when he struck the ground , allowing Alonso to score . Frazier then scored on a wild pitch . Campana got another chance in the seventh	True
Campana got another chance in the seventh and hauled in Phillips ' deep drive to center just left of the 400-foot sign . Carlos Pena added a sacrifice fly in the bottom half , but Hernandez connected against Kerry Wood in the eighth	True
And to his teammates . Houston got three hits and one run off Gallardo ( 13 - 7 ) in the second inning . After that , he did n't allow another hit until J. B. Shuck singled in the fifth	True
Happ allowed seven hits , six earned runs and he struck out three and walked two . He has one victory in his last 11 decisions . Milwaukee got its final run on a bases-loaded walk by Enerio Del Rosario in the ninth	True
Milwaukee got its final run on a bases-loaded walk by Enerio Del Rosario in the ninth . The Brewers got three more runs in the third	True
The Phillies , who have won seven straight since losing two in a row to the Giants in Philadelphia , remain undefeated since acquiring Pence , who homered in a Phillies uniform for the first time . Pence ended a 19-game , 67-at bat homerless drought when he connected on Bumgarner 's first pitch in the second inning . Bumgarner allowed the first three Phillies to reach in the first	True
The Phillies , who have won seven straight since losing two in a row to the Giants in Philadelphia , remain undefeated since acquiring Pence , who homered in a Phillies uniform for the first time . Pence ended a 19-game , 67-at bat homerless drought when he connected on Bumgarner 's first pitch in the second inning . Bumgarner allowed the first three Phillies to reach in the first , but Jimmy Rollins was thrown out trying to steal third	False
Lee , who threw the 10th shutout of his career , made it all academic , needing just 74 pitches to get through the first seven innings and 106 overall . He sent the Giants to their sixth loss in seven games , slicing a half-game off their NL West lead over the Arizona Diamondbacks , who open a three - game series against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday . Pence added an RBI single in the ninth	True
Carlos Beltran tripled among his three hits , scored twice and drove in a run in his best game since joining the Giants in a trade from the New York Mets last Thursday . San Francisco scored its most runs in a home game so far in 2011 . Beltran and Pablo Sandoval each hit RBI singles in a four - run third	True
Carlos Beltran tripled among his three hits , scored twice and drove in a run in his best game since joining the Giants in a trade from the New York Mets last Thursday . San Francisco scored its most runs in a home game so far in 2011 . Beltran and Pablo Sandoval each hit RBI singles in a four - run third against Jason Marquis ( 8 - 6 ) , who lost his Arizona debut four days after being acquired in a trade with Washington . The Giants scored four more runs in the fifth	True
Vogelsong has been the Giants ' most reliable starter and has n't lost since May 26 against Florida . He extended his career high for victories Wednesday with a 108-pitch performance in which he withstood deep counts for much of the afternoon . Not bad for a guy who just keeps improving after showing up at spring training as a non-roster invitee , getting promoted in mid-April , then becoming an improbable All-Star at age 33 . After Zach Duke 's seventh-inning RBI single got Arizona on the board and chased Vogelsong , Guillermo Mota entered and struck out the side in both the seventh	True
Vogelsong has been the Giants ' most reliable starter and has n't lost since May 26 against Florida . He extended his career high for victories Wednesday with a 108-pitch performance in which he withstood deep counts for much of the afternoon . Not bad for a guy who just keeps improving after showing up at spring training as a non-roster invitee , getting promoted in mid-April , then becoming an improbable All-Star at age 33 . After Zach Duke 's seventh-inning RBI single got Arizona on the board and chased Vogelsong , Guillermo Mota entered and struck out the side in both the seventh and eighth	True
After Zach Duke 's seventh-inning RBI single got Arizona on the board and chased Vogelsong , Guillermo Mota entered and struck out the side in both the seventh and eighth for a career high-tying six Ks . Aubrey Huff 's single in the fifth	True
Bochy shook up his lineup in an effort to get things going , and it worked wonders . Andres Torres returned to the leadoff spot and center field . Beltran , slated to be the regular No . 3 hitter , batted cleanup and Sandoval moved up a spot to third	False
Andres Torres returned to the leadoff spot and center field . Beltran , slated to be the regular No . 3 hitter , batted cleanup and Sandoval moved up a spot to third . Ross drew two walks and drove in three runs in the No . 7 hole . The Giants were outscored 11 - 3 in first two games of the series as Arizona moved into a tie for first	False
San Francisco 's losing streak matched its longest this season . Giants starters were 0 - 4 with a 6.51 ERA during the skid , making Vogelsong 's outing all the more important . Sandoval put the Giants -- who had gone 12 straight games without scoring more than four runs -- ahead in the third	True
DENVER -- Relying exclusively on his out pitch , Colorado closer Huston Street threw eight sliders to Philadelphia pinch-hitter John Mayberry Jr. in a drawn-out , ninth-inning at-bat that ended with a bang . Mayberry hit the last of the sliders for a game-tying two - run homer and Shane Victorino homered to lead off the 10th	True
Added Mayberry , `` He just left a slider out over the plate and I was able to get the barrel on it . '' It was Mayberry 's first pinch-homer of the year and the third	False
It was Mayberry 's first pinch-homer of the year and the third of his career . It was the third pinch-homer this season by the NL East-leading Phillies , who moved to a season high 30 games above .500 ( 69 - 39 ) . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) came on to pitch the 10th	True
Philadelphia improved to 6 - 6 in extra-inning games while the Rockies lost for the sixth time in seven extra-inning games this season . Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Phillies starter Cole Hamels allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out five while Colorado 's Jhoulys Chacin , who had been in line for his first win in six weeks , gave up one run and six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out two and walked two . Colorado broke on top on Seth Smith 's ninth homer of the season . With Ty Wigginton at second	False
Colorado broke on top on Seth Smith 's ninth homer of the season . With Ty Wigginton at second after a single and a stolen base , Smith drove Hamels ' 2 - 1 offering into the stand of evergreen trees beyond the fence in center field . Chris Iannetta added a solo shot leading off the seventh	True
Chris Iannetta added a solo shot leading off the seventh , greeting Stutes with a drive reaching the bleachers in left-center for his 11th home run of the season . Philadelphia got on the board in the seventh	True
Philadelphia got on the board in the seventh on Raul Ibanez 's run-scoring double after missing earlier opportunities . Victorino tried to score from first	False
Philadelphia got on the board in the seventh on Raul Ibanez 's run-scoring double after missing earlier opportunities . Victorino tried to score from first on Chase Utley 's two - out double off the right field wall in the third	True
Victorino tried to score from first on Chase Utley 's two - out double off the right field wall in the third but he was cut down on a close play at the plate when catcher Iannetta 's sweeping tag snagged his upper jersey before the sliding Victorino could touch the bag . The Phillies had runners at first	False
Victorino tried to score from first on Chase Utley 's two - out double off the right field wall in the third but he was cut down on a close play at the plate when catcher Iannetta 's sweeping tag snagged his upper jersey before the sliding Victorino could touch the bag . The Phillies had runners at first and second	False
Victorino tried to score from first on Chase Utley 's two - out double off the right field wall in the third but he was cut down on a close play at the plate when catcher Iannetta 's sweeping tag snagged his upper jersey before the sliding Victorino could touch the bag . The Phillies had runners at first and second with one out in the second	True
Victorino tried to score from first on Chase Utley 's two - out double off the right field wall in the third but he was cut down on a close play at the plate when catcher Iannetta 's sweeping tag snagged his upper jersey before the sliding Victorino could touch the bag . The Phillies had runners at first and second with one out in the second but Chacin induced Ruiz to ground into an inning-ending double play . Chacin worked out of a jam in the fifth	True
Reyes planned to host 15 to 20 friends at his home to watch Braun 's progress . Reyes could be in for some more fun . His friends in the Dominican Republic had said if he won they intend to hold a parade for him in his hometown . Miguel Batista ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a two - hitter for his 11th complete game , his first since July 19 , 2006 , for Arizona against the Los Angeles Dodgers . He allowed a one - out single to Edgar Renteria in the first	True
Reyes planned to host 15 to 20 friends at his home to watch Braun 's progress . Reyes could be in for some more fun . His friends in the Dominican Republic had said if he won they intend to hold a parade for him in his hometown . Miguel Batista ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a two - hitter for his 11th complete game , his first since July 19 , 2006 , for Arizona against the Los Angeles Dodgers . He allowed a one - out single to Edgar Renteria in the first and leadoff double to Chris Heisey in the second	True
Miguel Batista ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a two - hitter for his 11th complete game , his first since July 19 , 2006 , for Arizona against the Los Angeles Dodgers . He allowed a one - out single to Edgar Renteria in the first and leadoff double to Chris Heisey in the second . Queens product Mike Baxter hit his first big league homer , a two - run drive into the bullpens in right-center off Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) in the sixth	True
Miguel Batista ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a two - hitter for his 11th complete game , his first since July 19 , 2006 , for Arizona against the Los Angeles Dodgers . He allowed a one - out single to Edgar Renteria in the first and leadoff double to Chris Heisey in the second . Queens product Mike Baxter hit his first big league homer , a two - run drive into the bullpens in right-center off Volquez ( 5 - 7 ) in the sixth . Nick Evans singled in a run in the fourth	True
The Red Sox beat Baltimore 8 - 7 , and if the teams remain tied after Wednesday 's season finales , they will meet in a one - game playoff Thursday at Tropicana Field . Joyce 's three - run homer off former teammate Rafael Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) was the All-Star 's first	False
The Red Sox beat Baltimore 8 - 7 , and if the teams remain tied after Wednesday 's season finales , they will meet in a one - game playoff Thursday at Tropicana Field . Joyce 's three - run homer off former teammate Rafael Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) was the All-Star 's first in more than three weeks and it wiped out a 3 - 2 deficit in the seventh	True
The Red Sox beat Baltimore 8 - 7 , and if the teams remain tied after Wednesday 's season finales , they will meet in a one - game playoff Thursday at Tropicana Field . Joyce 's three - run homer off former teammate Rafael Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) was the All-Star 's first in more than three weeks and it wiped out a 3 - 2 deficit in the seventh . Zobrist hit a two - run drive off Bartolo Colon in the second	True
The Red Sox beat Baltimore 8 - 7 , and if the teams remain tied after Wednesday 's season finales , they will meet in a one - game playoff Thursday at Tropicana Field . Joyce 's three - run homer off former teammate Rafael Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) was the All-Star 's first in more than three weeks and it wiped out a 3 - 2 deficit in the seventh . Zobrist hit a two - run drive off Bartolo Colon in the second , and the Rays kept the score close by turning the third triple play in franchise history after falling behind in the sixth	True
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched one scoreless inning to get the win . With a crowd of 22,820 standing and cheering , Kyle Farnsworth got the final three outs for his 25th save in 31 chances . The victory was the fourth straight for Tampa Bay , which trailed the Red Sox by nine games before battling back into the wild-card race . Russell Martin hit a solo homer for the Yankees in the third	True
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched one scoreless inning to get the win . With a crowd of 22,820 standing and cheering , Kyle Farnsworth got the final three outs for his 25th save in 31 chances . The victory was the fourth straight for Tampa Bay , which trailed the Red Sox by nine games before battling back into the wild-card race . Russell Martin hit a solo homer for the Yankees in the third , but also grounded into the triple play that helped Jeremy Hellickson escape further damage after Nick Swisher 's RBI double gave New York a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
New York general manager Brian Cashman reiterated how nice it is to be in a position to not have to go down to the wire . Zobrist has homered five times in his last 10 games after going 39 games without hitting one . Martin 's solo homer trimmed the early lead to 2 - 1 , and the Yankees tied it in the fourth	True
New York general manager Brian Cashman reiterated how nice it is to be in a position to not have to go down to the wire . Zobrist has homered five times in his last 10 games after going 39 games without hitting one . Martin 's solo homer trimmed the early lead to 2 - 1 , and the Yankees tied it in the fourth when Brett Gardner , who had singled , scored from third	False
Zobrist has homered five times in his last 10 games after going 39 games without hitting one . Martin 's solo homer trimmed the early lead to 2 - 1 , and the Yankees tied it in the fourth when Brett Gardner , who had singled , scored from third as Curtis Granderson grounded into a double play . New York wasted a couple of opportunities to take charge against Hellickson , who allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . Mark Teixeira flied to right field with the bases loaded to end the third	True
Zobrist has homered five times in his last 10 games after going 39 games without hitting one . Martin 's solo homer trimmed the early lead to 2 - 1 , and the Yankees tied it in the fourth when Brett Gardner , who had singled , scored from third as Curtis Granderson grounded into a double play . New York wasted a couple of opportunities to take charge against Hellickson , who allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . Mark Teixeira flied to right field with the bases loaded to end the third , and the Yankees also failed to score with the bases filled in the sixth	True
New York wasted a couple of opportunities to take charge against Hellickson , who allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . Mark Teixeira flied to right field with the bases loaded to end the third , and the Yankees also failed to score with the bases filled in the sixth , when Martin grounded into the 5 - 4 - 4 triple play . After Swisher 's RBI double , Jorge Posada drew an intentional walk to load the bases against Hellickson with no outs . The rookie escaped the jam when Martin hit a sharp grounder to third baseman Evan Longoria , who stepped on the bag and threw to second baseman Zobrist for the second	False
New York wasted a couple of opportunities to take charge against Hellickson , who allowed three runs and six hits in six innings . Mark Teixeira flied to right field with the bases loaded to end the third , and the Yankees also failed to score with the bases filled in the sixth , when Martin grounded into the 5 - 4 - 4 triple play . After Swisher 's RBI double , Jorge Posada drew an intentional walk to load the bases against Hellickson with no outs . The rookie escaped the jam when Martin hit a sharp grounder to third baseman Evan Longoria , who stepped on the bag and threw to second baseman Zobrist for the second out . Zobrist 's relay to first arrived ahead of Martin , who dived head first	False
Jimenez finished the year with a 2 - 3 record and a 6.35 ERA against Detroit . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Ryan Raburn 's RBI triple in the second	True
Jimenez finished the year with a 2 - 3 record and a 6.35 ERA against Detroit . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Ryan Raburn 's RBI triple in the second , then scored three times in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Ryan Raburn 's RBI triple in the second , then scored three times in the third . With one out , Will Rhymes singled . Jimenez retired Don Kelly , but Dmitri Young and Miguel Cabrera singled to make it 2 - 0 . Martinez walked , loading the bases , and Avila hit a two - run double . Fister did n't allow a runner until Asdrubal Cabrera 's two - out single in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Ryan Raburn 's RBI triple in the second , then scored three times in the third . With one out , Will Rhymes singled . Jimenez retired Don Kelly , but Dmitri Young and Miguel Cabrera singled to make it 2 - 0 . Martinez walked , loading the bases , and Avila hit a two - run double . Fister did n't allow a runner until Asdrubal Cabrera 's two - out single in the fourth , and the Indians did n't get a runner into scoring position until Ezequiel Carrera reached second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Ryan Raburn 's RBI triple in the second , then scored three times in the third . With one out , Will Rhymes singled . Jimenez retired Don Kelly , but Dmitri Young and Miguel Cabrera singled to make it 2 - 0 . Martinez walked , loading the bases , and Avila hit a two - run double . Fister did n't allow a runner until Asdrubal Cabrera 's two - out single in the fourth , and the Indians did n't get a runner into scoring position until Ezequiel Carrera reached second on a single and an error with one out in the eighth	True
Fister did n't allow a runner until Asdrubal Cabrera 's two - out single in the fourth , and the Indians did n't get a runner into scoring position until Ezequiel Carrera reached second on a single and an error with one out in the eighth . By that point , Martinez had given the Tigers a 5 - 0 lead with an RBI double in the fifth	True
By that point , Martinez had given the Tigers a 5 - 0 lead with an RBI double in the fifth , and then scored Detroit 's sixth run on Avila 's base hit . The Tigers put the game away with eight runs on nine hits in the eighth	True
When the Athletics ' 3 - 1 victory was done , eliminating Los Angeles from the West race , the Rangers celebrated on their own field more than 1,400 miles away by spraying ginger ale on each other and some of the fans . That was reminiscent of last year , when they did that in deference to Hamilton 's well-documented substance abuse problems . Rangers fans clapped and cheered on each of the Angels ' outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
When the Athletics ' 3 - 1 victory was done , eliminating Los Angeles from the West race , the Rangers celebrated on their own field more than 1,400 miles away by spraying ginger ale on each other and some of the fans . That was reminiscent of last year , when they did that in deference to Hamilton 's well-documented substance abuse problems . Rangers fans clapped and cheered on each of the Angels ' outs in the bottom of the ninth . Many of the players disappeared into the dugout when the second	True
Matt Harrison ( 14 - 9 ) worked six innings for the Rangers . Gentry hit a liner to left-center in the fourth	True
That made it 5 - 0 and chased rookie left-hander Anthony Vasquez ( 1 - 5 ) , who gave up three homers and seven hits over 3 1/3 innings . After Young led off the second	True
An inning later , Hamilton went deep for the sixth time in 10 games . His 25th homer was a 433-foot solo blast over the Rangers bullpen in right-center . Harrison retired 15 of the first 16 batters he faced until four consecutive Mariners reached to start the sixth	True
Harrison allowed three runs over six innings , giving up three singles and walking two . The left-hander is 4 - 0 in September , and 6 - 1 in 13 career games against Seattle . Neftali Feliz , the fourth Texas reliever , worked the ninth	True
Murphy caught Kyle Seager 's popup in foul territory leading off the third even as a fan in the front row wearing a Rangers T-shirt and cap reached out to try to get a souvenir . The ball went over the fan 's glove and was caught by the left fielder before their arms made contact . When the replay was shown on the large video board , several fans jeered the man . But after Murphy caught the third	False
Murphy caught Kyle Seager 's popup in foul territory leading off the third even as a fan in the front row wearing a Rangers T-shirt and cap reached out to try to get a souvenir . The ball went over the fan 's glove and was caught by the left fielder before their arms made contact . When the replay was shown on the large video board , several fans jeered the man . But after Murphy caught the third out of the fourth	True
The pitcher expects an increased focus over the final six games . Morse did the most damage against Oswalt with his two - out , three - run homer in the eighth	True
Morse did the most damage against Oswalt with his two - out , three - run homer in the eighth that turned a close game into a rout . Peacock ( 2 - 0 ) had his second straight impressive outing in as many major league starts , allowing only Ruiz 's infield single in the second	True
Peacock ( 2 - 0 ) had his second straight impressive outing in as many major league starts , allowing only Ruiz 's infield single in the second . The 23-year-old right-hander , who went 15 - 3 with a 2.39 ERA between Double- and Triple-A this season , has n't allowed a run in his two big league starts over 10 2/3 innings . Peacock , who was drafted in the 41st round in 2006 , walked two and struck out two while recording just two ground-ball outs . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on RBI hits by Ian Desmond and Bernadina . Desmond 's double that scored Rick Ankiel should have been the third	False
Desmond 's double that scored Rick Ankiel should have been the third out , but Chase Utley misjudged the ball in shallow right and could n't make the over-the-shoulder catch . Right fielder John Bowker was charging the ball , but held up to avoid a collision with Utley . Desmond scored on Bernadina 's grounder that just got past the outstretched glove of first baseman Ross Gload . The Phillies threatened in the sixth	True
The Phillies threatened in the sixth when Peacock and reliever Tom Gorzelanny walked the bases loaded with two outs , but Raul Ibanez flew out to center to end the frame . It was one of the few times the Phillies fans were able to use the rally towels given out on Fan Appreciation Night . Washington added four runs in the eighth	True
The Phillies threatened in the sixth when Peacock and reliever Tom Gorzelanny walked the bases loaded with two outs , but Raul Ibanez flew out to center to end the frame . It was one of the few times the Phillies fans were able to use the rally towels given out on Fan Appreciation Night . Washington added four runs in the eighth , all with two outs . Bernadina 's two - out double off the wall in right-center scored Desmond , who barely had beat out an infield single . Oswalt walked Ryan Zimmerman to put runners on first	False
The Phillies threatened in the sixth when Peacock and reliever Tom Gorzelanny walked the bases loaded with two outs , but Raul Ibanez flew out to center to end the frame . It was one of the few times the Phillies fans were able to use the rally towels given out on Fan Appreciation Night . Washington added four runs in the eighth , all with two outs . Bernadina 's two - out double off the wall in right-center scored Desmond , who barely had beat out an infield single . Oswalt walked Ryan Zimmerman to put runners on first and second	False
Washington added four runs in the eighth , all with two outs . Bernadina 's two - out double off the wall in right-center scored Desmond , who barely had beat out an infield single . Oswalt walked Ryan Zimmerman to put runners on first and second , prompting a visit from Manuel . Morse followed by launching Oswalt 's 3 - 2 pitch into the Phillies bullpen in center to give Washington a 6 - 0 lead . Philadelphia scores its lone run with two outs in the ninth	False
Baltimore starter Zach Britton ( 11 - 10 ) got the win despite blowing the 5 - 0 lead his teammates had built against Turner . Britton gave up five runs , six hits and four walks in five innings . Vladimir Guerrero 's RBI single scored J. J. Hardy in the first	True
Baltimore starter Zach Britton ( 11 - 10 ) got the win despite blowing the 5 - 0 lead his teammates had built against Turner . Britton gave up five runs , six hits and four walks in five innings . Vladimir Guerrero 's RBI single scored J. J. Hardy in the first , and Hardy 's 29th homer made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
Vladimir Guerrero 's RBI single scored J. J. Hardy in the first , and Hardy 's 29th homer made it 2 - 0 in the third . Detroit tied the game with four runs in the fifth	True
Vladimir Guerrero 's RBI single scored J. J. Hardy in the first , and Hardy 's 29th homer made it 2 - 0 in the third . Detroit tied the game with four runs in the fifth , including a long three - run homer by Delmon Young , but Baltimore went back up in the sixth	False
Detroit tied the game with four runs in the fifth , including a long three - run homer by Delmon Young , but Baltimore went back up in the sixth when Reimold beat out a two - out infield single off David Pauley ( 5 - 6 ) . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth	True
Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 21st save . Matt Wieters started the fourth	True
Jones also made a key defensive play when he threw Cabrera out at the plate on a second-inning single . The Tigers got on the board in the bottom of the fourth	True
The Tigers got on the board in the bottom of the fourth when Victor Martinez grounded into a double play with runners on the corners . In the eighth	True
With a few more wins , they 'll be on their way to making that happen . Kinsler hit a tying home run leading off the eighth	True
Michael Young , Adrian Beltre and Mike Napoli added two hits apiece for Texas , which won its 90th game to match its win total of 2010 . Texas squandered numerous scoring opportunities and trailed 2 - 1 going into the eighth	True
Texas squandered numerous scoring opportunities and trailed 2 - 1 going into the eighth before Kinsler and Hamilton powered the Rangers back . Kinsler 's 30th home run of the season came on a full-count pitch leading off the eighth	True
Balfour then retired Elvis Andrus on a fly ball before Hamilton connected for his 24th home run to right field . The ball landed halfway up the stairs at the Oakland Coliseum then bounced the rest of the way up . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Balfour then retired Elvis Andrus on a fly ball before Hamilton connected for his 24th home run to right field . The ball landed halfway up the stairs at the Oakland Coliseum then bounced the rest of the way up . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win , his first	False
Balfour then retired Elvis Andrus on a fly ball before Hamilton connected for his 24th home run to right field . The ball landed halfway up the stairs at the Oakland Coliseum then bounced the rest of the way up . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win , his first with the Rangers since being acquired from the Baltimore Orioles on July 30 . Mike Adams worked the eighth	True
Balfour then retired Elvis Andrus on a fly ball before Hamilton connected for his 24th home run to right field . The ball landed halfway up the stairs at the Oakland Coliseum then bounced the rest of the way up . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win , his first with the Rangers since being acquired from the Baltimore Orioles on July 30 . Mike Adams worked the eighth and closer Neftali Feliz handled the ninth	False
At least this time it was close . The A 's managed to get the tying run on base in the ninth	True
Young singled and scored on a double-play grounder in the second inning to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . Oakland , held hitless through the first three innings , tied it when Cliff Pennington doubled off starter C. J. Wilson in the fifth	True
After Michael Taylor walked , Weeks hit a sharp grounder just under the glove of diving Rangers third baseman Beltre to drive in Allen and put Oakland in front 2 - 1 . The Rangers struggled to get much else going against A 's starter Brandon McCarthy , stranding a runner at second	False
After Michael Taylor walked , Weeks hit a sharp grounder just under the glove of diving Rangers third baseman Beltre to drive in Allen and put Oakland in front 2 - 1 . The Rangers struggled to get much else going against A 's starter Brandon McCarthy , stranding a runner at second in the fifth	True
After Michael Taylor walked , Weeks hit a sharp grounder just under the glove of diving Rangers third baseman Beltre to drive in Allen and put Oakland in front 2 - 1 . The Rangers struggled to get much else going against A 's starter Brandon McCarthy , stranding a runner at second in the fifth and at third	False
After Michael Taylor walked , Weeks hit a sharp grounder just under the glove of diving Rangers third baseman Beltre to drive in Allen and put Oakland in front 2 - 1 . The Rangers struggled to get much else going against A 's starter Brandon McCarthy , stranding a runner at second in the fifth and at third in the sixth	False
After Michael Taylor walked , Weeks hit a sharp grounder just under the glove of diving Rangers third baseman Beltre to drive in Allen and put Oakland in front 2 - 1 . The Rangers struggled to get much else going against A 's starter Brandon McCarthy , stranding a runner at second in the fifth and at third in the sixth . Texas also put two runners on with one out in the seventh	False
The Braves won for only the seventh time in their past 19 games . Freddie Freeman hit his 20th home run . Alex Gonzalez hit his 15th	False
Anibal Sanchez ( 8 - 9 ) lost to the Braves for the third time this season in as many starts . He allowed three runs in five innings but retired the last 11 batters he faced . It looked as though the Braves ' recent slump might continue when they put runners at second	False
Anibal Sanchez ( 8 - 9 ) lost to the Braves for the third time this season in as many starts . He allowed three runs in five innings but retired the last 11 batters he faced . It looked as though the Braves ' recent slump might continue when they put runners at second and third	False
Anibal Sanchez ( 8 - 9 ) lost to the Braves for the third time this season in as many starts . He allowed three runs in five innings but retired the last 11 batters he faced . It looked as though the Braves ' recent slump might continue when they put runners at second and third with no outs in the first	True
It looked as though the Braves ' recent slump might continue when they put runners at second and third with no outs in the first and failed to score . But they bounced back with three runs in the second	True
But they bounced back with three runs in the second . Alex Gonzalez hit the first pitch for a homer , and Heyward doubled . Bourn hit a one - out double and scored on Prado 's single . Freeman homered off Brian Sanches in the sixth	True
Freeman homered off Brian Sanches in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
Atlanta has eight games left , including the final three against the Phillies in Atlanta . The Phillies scored a pair of runs in the ninth	True
Berkman 's solo homer and Nick Punto 's RBI groundout in the first helped the Cardinals take a 2 - 0 lead . It was Berkman 's 31st homer , but first since Aug. 26 . The Phillies got a run back in the second	True
The Phillies got a run back in the second on Ruiz 's single . St. Louis regained a two - run lead in the third	True
The victory enabled the Angels to avert a three - game sweep against the last-place Orioles , who won the first two by a collective 14 - 5 score . It was the first career multihomer game for Aybar , who hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two - run drive in the fourth	True
Brad Bergesen plunked Jeff Mathis on the helmet in the sixth inning but was not ejected . Bergesen did , however , appeared to be obviously dismayed over the errant pitch . Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the first	True
Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the first when Nick Markakis hit a two - out single -- ending an 0 - for - 18 skid -- and the 36-year-old Guerrero followed with his first triple since July 2010 . Aybar put the Angels up 2 - 1 in the third	True
Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the first when Nick Markakis hit a two - out single -- ending an 0 - for - 18 skid -- and the 36-year-old Guerrero followed with his first triple since July 2010 . Aybar put the Angels up 2 - 1 in the third with his ninth homer , and Wells hit No . 22 with a man on in the fourth	True
Aybar put the Angels up 2 - 1 in the third with his ninth homer , and Wells hit No . 22 with a man on in the fourth . Three batters later , Aybar drove a pitch over the right-field wall . Howie Kendrick doubled in two runs in the sixth	True
Aybar put the Angels up 2 - 1 in the third with his ninth homer , and Wells hit No . 22 with a man on in the fourth . Three batters later , Aybar drove a pitch over the right-field wall . Howie Kendrick doubled in two runs in the sixth off Bergesen , and Aybar hit an RBI double in a three - run eighth	True
For six innings , the Indians had little answer for Minnesota starter Carl Pavano . They could n't score , they could n't get multiple hits in an inning and they could n't generate any momentum . But given an extra out in the seventh	True
It was a fitting inning for a game that featured a combined six errors , two hit batters and four runs walked in . After Duncan homered to lead off the seventh	True
It was a fitting inning for a game that featured a combined six errors , two hit batters and four runs walked in . After Duncan homered to lead off the seventh , Cleveland 's Lonnie Chisenhall reached on what would be a costly error by Minnesota first baseman Chris Parmalee . After fielding a grounder , Parmalee threw wide to Pavano at first	False
The big inning also got Justin Masterson ( 12 - 10 ) the victory in a game that was played in an on-and-off drizzle . Masterson pitched six innings , giving up three runs -- one earned -- on seven hits . Chris Perez pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Pavano ( 8 - 13 ) lost despite being sharp for six - plus innings . He gave up four runs , though only one was earned . The Twins , who started a lineup that featured only one opening-day starter , scored twice in the bottom of the eighth	True
The Twins , who started a lineup that featured only one opening-day starter , scored twice in the bottom of the eighth to cut Cleveland 's lead to 6 - 5 . After hitting Matt Tolbert with a pitch to load the bases , Cleveland reliever Vinnie Pestano walked in two runs . Hughes scored his third run of the game in the sixth	True
Hughes scored his third run of the game in the sixth to give Minnesota a 3 - 0 lead on Brian Dinkelman 's single . Dinkelman finished with his first career four - hit game . In the second	True
Hughes scored his third run of the game in the sixth to give Minnesota a 3 - 0 lead on Brian Dinkelman 's single . Dinkelman finished with his first career four - hit game . In the second , Hughes scored on Joe Benson 's groundout . In the bottom of the fourth	True
In the second , Hughes scored on Joe Benson 's groundout . In the bottom of the fourth , he scored again , this time when Lou Marson threw ball into center field in an attempt to throw out Benson on an attempted steal . Minnesota 's Jason Repko left the game after being hit in the head by a pitch from Masterson in the bottom of the sixth	True
He became the first pitcher to win 12 straight starts since Minnesota 's Johan Santana in 2004 , according to STATS LLC . Verlander has a 2.28 ERA with 91 strikeouts in 87 innings over his streak . Verlander pitched to the minimum 11 batters until giving up a two - out single to Coco Crisp in the fourth	True
He became the first pitcher to win 12 straight starts since Minnesota 's Johan Santana in 2004 , according to STATS LLC . Verlander has a 2.28 ERA with 91 strikeouts in 87 innings over his streak . Verlander pitched to the minimum 11 batters until giving up a two - out single to Coco Crisp in the fourth . Scott Sizemore singled in the first	True
Verlander set a Tigers record by winning 12 straight starts . He is the first Tigers pitcher to win a dozen consecutive decisions since Bobo Newsom won 13 straight in 1940 . Jose Velvarde pitched the ninth	True
Jose Velvarde pitched the ninth to remain perfect in 46 save chances his season . For Oakland , Guillermo Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) took a no-hit bid into the sixth	True
For Oakland , Guillermo Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) took a no-hit bid into the sixth but had thrown 90 pitches by then . Austin Jackson , who had two hits and scored twice , led off the sixth	False
For Oakland , Guillermo Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) took a no-hit bid into the sixth but had thrown 90 pitches by then . Austin Jackson , who had two hits and scored twice , led off the sixth with his 10th home run of the year , a drive that just cleared the center-field fence . Pinch-hitter Brandon Inge doubled in a run against Craig Breslow in the eighth	True
For Oakland , Guillermo Moscoso ( 8 - 9 ) took a no-hit bid into the sixth but had thrown 90 pitches by then . Austin Jackson , who had two hits and scored twice , led off the sixth with his 10th home run of the year , a drive that just cleared the center-field fence . Pinch-hitter Brandon Inge doubled in a run against Craig Breslow in the eighth , and Ramon Santiago drove in a run in the ninth	False
Long after Strasburg left , Donnie Murphy 's two - run home run in the 13th inning helped give the Marlins a 4 - 1 win over the Nationals . John Buck led off the 13th	True
John Buck led off the 13th with a single and Murphy hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Collin Balester ( 1 - 4 ) into the visitors ' bullpen in left-center field for his first homer this year . Stanton doubled in Omar Infante later in the inning to give the Marlins a three - run cushion . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 12th inning for the win , and Leo Nunez pitched the 13th	True
Florida starter Chris Volstad also left with a no-decision despite a strong performance . Volstad allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , walking two and striking out three . Volstad has gone nine starts without earning a win . Volstad also got the biggest hit of the night off Strasburg , a leadoff double in the third	True
After Ramos ' homer tied the game at 1 , a combination of strong bullpens and missed opportunities kept the teams playing until the 13th inning . Murphy entered the game in the 10th inning as part of a double-switch in which left fielder Logan Morrison left the game . Morrison injured his right knee after sliding into the wall while making a catch in foul territory to end the ninth	True
Murphy entered the game in the 10th inning as part of a double-switch in which left fielder Logan Morrison left the game . Morrison injured his right knee after sliding into the wall while making a catch in foul territory to end the ninth . Marlins manager Jack McKeon said Morrison would not play Sunday . Balester pitched the final three innings and did n't allow a hit until the 13th	True
Bruce 's first career home run was a game-ender . Joey Votto led off the 11th	True
Joey Votto led off the 11th against James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) with a double to left-center field . Bruce connected on the next pitch for his 31st homer of the season , giving the Reds their third straight win over Chicago after losing the opener of the four - game series . Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched the 11th	True
Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched the 11th for the win . The Cubs handed Francisco Cordero his first blown save since July 10 by scoring twice in the ninth	True
Bailey settled down and lasted six innings , giving up six hits and four runs with three walks and nine strikeouts , matching his season high . Brandon Phillips hit his 16th home run , and fourth	False
Bailey settled down and lasted six innings , giving up six hits and four runs with three walks and nine strikeouts , matching his season high . Brandon Phillips hit his 16th home run , and fourth of the four - game series , in the third	True
Bailey settled down and lasted six innings , giving up six hits and four runs with three walks and nine strikeouts , matching his season high . Brandon Phillips hit his 16th home run , and fourth of the four - game series , in the third to cut Chicago 's lead to 4 - 1 . Chris Heisey hit his 17th homer , and second	False
Bailey settled down and lasted six innings , giving up six hits and four runs with three walks and nine strikeouts , matching his season high . Brandon Phillips hit his 16th home run , and fourth of the four - game series , in the third to cut Chicago 's lead to 4 - 1 . Chris Heisey hit his 17th homer , and second in two nights , in the Reds fourth	True
Brandon Phillips hit his 16th home run , and fourth of the four - game series , in the third to cut Chicago 's lead to 4 - 1 . Chris Heisey hit his 17th homer , and second in two nights , in the Reds fourth . The Reds scored three times in the fifth	True
The Reds scored three times in the fifth . Bailey started the rally with a one - out single . Phillips doubled and Drew Stubbs hit an RBI single just over the glove of a leaping Starlin Castro at shortstop . Votto walked to load the bases , and Wells walked Yonder Alonso to force in the tying run . Jeff Samardzija relieved Wells and got Heisey to hit a sharp one - hopper that glanced off the pitcher 's foot to Castro , whose throw to first	False
The Reds reached Randy Wells for seven hits and five runs with two walks and three strikeouts in 4 1/3 innings . He also threw a wild pitch . The Reds added a run in the sixth	True
The Reds reached Randy Wells for seven hits and five runs with two walks and three strikeouts in 4 1/3 innings . He also threw a wild pitch . The Reds added a run in the sixth when Paul Janish drew a leadoff walk , moved to third	False
Wade Davis ( 10 - 9 ) gave up a three - run homer to Chris Davis and a solo shot to Nolan Reimold . Wade Davis , who allowed four runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings , is 4 - 1 in six career starts at Camden Yards . Matt Wieters added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Wade Davis ( 10 - 9 ) gave up a three - run homer to Chris Davis and a solo shot to Nolan Reimold . Wade Davis , who allowed four runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings , is 4 - 1 in six career starts at Camden Yards . Matt Wieters added a two - run shot in the eighth off Matt Moore , who was making his major league debut . It was Wieters ' 20th home run , the third	False
Guthrie improved to 6 - 10 lifetime against Tampa Bay , 2 - 3 this season . He also beat the Rays on Opening Day . Jim Johnson worked the final two innings for his sixth save , the second	False
Jim Johnson worked the final two innings for his sixth save , the second in two nights . Guthrie retired the first eight batters before Reid Brignac singled in the third	True
Guthrie retired the first eight batters before Reid Brignac singled in the third . Reimold opened the bottom half with his 10th home run , a low-flying line drive that glanced off the top of the left-field wall and into the seats . The lead did n't last long . Guthrie walked two of the first three batters in the fourth	True
The lead did n't last long . Guthrie walked two of the first three batters in the fourth and Matt Joyce cleared the bases with a two - out double . In the Baltimore half , Vladimir Guerrero beat out a slow roller to third	False
That was enough to saddle the Rays with another distressing defeat . Tampa Bay 's final threat came in the seventh	True
That was enough to saddle the Rays with another distressing defeat . Tampa Bay 's final threat came in the seventh . Damon drew a leadoff walk and took second	False
Halladay ( 17 - 5 ) struck out nine to reach 204 for the season and scattered four hits and a run over eight innings after the Brewers roughed him up in April . Milwaukee scored twice in the ninth	True
Milwaukee scored twice in the ninth before dropping its fourth straight . St. Louis is seven games behind Milwaukee with 18 to play after a 4 - 3 win in 10 innings over Atlanta . Philadelphia leads the Braves by 11 games . In the ninth	True
The Phillies are having a blast in Milwaukee , and keep beating one of the only teams remotely close to them in the NL standings after completing a three - game sweep of Atlanta earlier this week . Before the game , four players took a ride down mascot Bernie Brewer 's slide , then Pete Orr nearly ended up dead meat in the sixth-inning Sausage Race . Orr sprinted out of the dugout right into the path of the runners and clipped the Hot Dog just enough to send it stumbling . Orr laughed at the close call running out to his position at second	False
Joked manager Charlie Manuel : `` ( Pete ) was counting his batting average , ran in the way . '' The Phillies were again without shortstop Jimmy Rollins ( groin ) and second baseman Chase Utley ( head ) , but got to Shaun Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) in the first	True
Joked manager Charlie Manuel : `` ( Pete ) was counting his batting average , ran in the way . '' The Phillies were again without shortstop Jimmy Rollins ( groin ) and second baseman Chase Utley ( head ) , but got to Shaun Marcum ( 12 - 6 ) in the first . Shane Victorino singled and reached third	False
Howard turned on a pitch down the middle after turning hard on the left leg , but his ball had plenty of distance , easily reaching the first row of the second deck in right field to give him an NL-leading 108 RBIs this season . The Phillies made it 5 - 0 in the seventh	True
The Brewers scored six runs off Halladay in a 9 - 0 win on April 19 , but could n't find similar success against the NL 's reigning Cy Young winner in losing for the seventh time in their last 11 games . Milwaukee squandered its best chance for a big inning in the fourth	True
Hamels ( 14 - 7 ) gave up solo home runs to Yuniesky Betancourt and Corey Hart , but kept Milwaukee from mounting any big innings in a game between the two best teams in the National League . The left-hander pitched his third complete game of the year , walking two and striking out two . The Phillies managed only one hit off Chris Narveson ( 10 - 7 ) in the first 5 2/3 innings , but then broke through for six runs by getting seven consecutive batters on base to chase the Milwaukee starter in the sixth	True
Even without the three stars , each of the eight position players in the starting lineup had at least one hit . John Mayberry Jr. , Wilson Valdez and Ben Francisco each had two hits for the Phillies . Pence also had a run-scoring double in the ninth	True
Utley likely will miss the series after suffering a concussion Wednesday night . Rollins was reinstated off the disabled list before the game , but did not play and Howard was given a night off to rest . For the first half of the game , Narveson was on cruise control , not allowing a hit until Mayberry hit a bloop single to right-field in the fifth	True
Utley likely will miss the series after suffering a concussion Wednesday night . Rollins was reinstated off the disabled list before the game , but did not play and Howard was given a night off to rest . For the first half of the game , Narveson was on cruise control , not allowing a hit until Mayberry hit a bloop single to right-field in the fifth . With the Brewers leading 1 - 0 , the left-hander struck out Michael Martinez and Hamels to open the fifth	True
Narveson finished allowing six runs , seven hits and two walks while striking out two . Betancourt snapped a 7 - for - 45 slump with his 11th homer to give Milwaukee a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Narveson finished allowing six runs , seven hits and two walks while striking out two . Betancourt snapped a 7 - for - 45 slump with his 11th homer to give Milwaukee a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . Hart 's 24th home run brought Milwaukee within 6 - 2 in the sixth	False
Tony Gwynn had a tiebreaking double in the ninth inning and the Dodgers beat the Nationals 7 - 4 in the first game of a doubleheader on Thursday . The Dodgers staked Billingsley to a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
Tony Gwynn had a tiebreaking double in the ninth inning and the Dodgers beat the Nationals 7 - 4 in the first game of a doubleheader on Thursday . The Dodgers staked Billingsley to a 4 - 0 lead in the third . He walked the bases loaded in the second	True
Gwynn drove in Jerry Sands and Rod Barajas with a long double to center off Drew Storen ( 6 - 3 ) . Dee Gordon added a run-scoring single -- setting a career high with his fourth hit of the game . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) , the Dodgers ' sixth pitcher , worked a scoreless eighth	True
Gwynn drove in Jerry Sands and Rod Barajas with a long double to center off Drew Storen ( 6 - 3 ) . Dee Gordon added a run-scoring single -- setting a career high with his fourth hit of the game . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) , the Dodgers ' sixth pitcher , worked a scoreless eighth for the win . Javy Guerra pitched the ninth	True
Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) , the Dodgers ' sixth pitcher , worked a scoreless eighth for the win . Javy Guerra pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Juan Rivera hit two - run doubles in the first	True
Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) , the Dodgers ' sixth pitcher , worked a scoreless eighth for the win . Javy Guerra pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Juan Rivera hit two - run doubles in the first and third	True
Wang worked six innings -- allowing four runs and seven hits . The Nationals tied the score at 4 in the bottom of the third	True
Strasburg emphasized again he is much stronger than before , having spent his year conditioning the rest of his body . He 's expected to get three more starts this season , but he does n't expect the full payoff to come until 2012 . Strasburg was set to get the win when he departed with a 3 - 0 lead , but Dodgers tied it in the sixth	True
Strasburg emphasized again he is much stronger than before , having spent his year conditioning the rest of his body . He 's expected to get three more starts this season , but he does n't expect the full payoff to come until 2012 . Strasburg was set to get the win when he departed with a 3 - 0 lead , but Dodgers tied it in the sixth . Then even the weather gave up on the game , at least temporarily , as the rain returned in the seventh	True
Those that remained saw Rod Barajas ' two - run double in the eighth inning off Henry Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) put the Dodgers ahead for good , giving Kelly Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) the win . Strasburg even scored his first career run , part of a three - run second inning . He reached by laying down a sacrifice that turned into a two - base throwing error . Strasburg wound up at second	False
Those that remained saw Rod Barajas ' two - run double in the eighth inning off Henry Rodriguez ( 3 - 3 ) put the Dodgers ahead for good , giving Kelly Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) the win . Strasburg even scored his first career run , part of a three - run second inning . He reached by laying down a sacrifice that turned into a two - base throwing error . Strasburg wound up at second on the play , went to third	False
The game started five minutes late , and Strasburg 's first pitch was a 96 mph fastball that was fouled away by Dee Gordon . On a 2 - 1 pitch -- clocking 97 mph -- Gordon punched the ball to left-center and legged out a double . He was left stranded when Strasburg retired the next three batters . Strasburg started cruising in the second	True
Strasburg started cruising in the second , striking out Andre Ethier with a 90 mph changeup and Aaron Miles with a 99 mph fastball . He worked fast -- just as he did as a rookie -- barely pausing between pitches and making everyone else look like slowpokes by comparison . Sensing Strasburg 's night was nearly done , the crowd was on its feet with two outs in the fifth	True
Humber pitched seven scoreless innings and Chicago beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 Monday in the first game of a day-night doubleheader . Juan Pierre had three hits and scored a run for the White Sox , who survived a nervous ninth inning to end a four - game skid . With Minnesota having scored once in the bottom of the ninth	True
Humber pitched seven scoreless innings and Chicago beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 Monday in the first game of a day-night doubleheader . Juan Pierre had three hits and scored a run for the White Sox , who survived a nervous ninth inning to end a four - game skid . With Minnesota having scored once in the bottom of the ninth , Sale , the team 's third pitcher of the inning , struck out Jason Repko with a man on first	False
It was the kind of win Chicago needed because the White Sox came to Target Field after a weekend sweep in Detroit that dropped them 8 1/2 games behind the Tigers in the AL Central with 25 games to play . During the four - game slide , Chicago starters posted a 12.50 ERA while failing to get past the fifth inning . The White Sox bullpen was n't much better with a 9.19 ERA in that time . Brian Dinkelman had a career-high three hits for the Twins , who have lost three straight and seven of 10 . Luke Hughes had a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
`` I must be pitching with my eyes closed the way I'm getting hit , '' he joked . `` I do n't know why I'm even carrying a glove out there because I'm not using it . '' Matt Thornton pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings , and closer Sergio Santos gave up a sacrifice fly to Luke Hughes in the ninth	True
Anthony Swarzak ( 3 - 6 ) took the loss , allowing seven hits and striking out four in a career-high tying eight innings . Minnesota 's best threat against Humber came in the seventh	True
Minnesota 's best threat against Humber came in the seventh when Danny Valencia led off with an infield single and moved to second two batters later on a bunt single by Hughes . However , Rene Rivera hit into an around-the-horn double-play to end the inning . A. J. Pierzynski scored on a fielder 's choice in the second	True
Minnesota 's best threat against Humber came in the seventh when Danny Valencia led off with an infield single and moved to second two batters later on a bunt single by Hughes . However , Rene Rivera hit into an around-the-horn double-play to end the inning . A. J. Pierzynski scored on a fielder 's choice in the second and Alexei Ramirez had an RBI double in the third	True
A. J. Pierzynski scored on a fielder 's choice in the second and Alexei Ramirez had an RBI double in the third for a 2 - 0 lead . In each inning , Chicago left a runner on third base . After Ramirez 's double , Swarzak retired 12 of 14 batters . The lone batters to reach -- Alejandro De Aza and Pierre -- were each thrown out by Rivera trying to steal second	False
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera drove in four runs , then left the game in the top of the seventh	True
Mark Buehrle ( 11 - 7 ) allowed seven earned runs in 3 1/3 innings . The Tigers trailed 8 - 1 in the fifth Saturday before rallying to win 9 - 8 . They scored 26 consecutive runs and led 18 - 0 Sunday when the White Sox finally scored two in the ninth	True
Detroit 's magic number is 18 to clinch its first division title since 1987 . The Tigers last made the playoffs in 2006 , reaching the World Series as a wild card . Cabrera 's two - run homer into the bushes behind the center-field wall highlighted a seven - run sixth inning , and Dirks added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Cabrera 's two - run homer into the bushes behind the center-field wall highlighted a seven - run sixth inning , and Dirks added a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 18 - 0 . Soon after that , fireworks began going off in the distance beyond right field . They were unrelated to the game but felt appropriate after the show Detroit 's offense put on . The Tigers scored 35 runs in three games against Chicago . Although Justin Verlander is making a bid for the Cy Young Award , the depth of Detroit 's rotation has been an issue . Scherzer allowed seven runs in three innings against Kansas City on Monday , but he was much sharper against Chicago , striking out the side in the third	True
Not that Detroit needed a dominant pitching performance . Austin Jackson led off with a double in the bottom of the first	True
Not that Detroit needed a dominant pitching performance . Austin Jackson led off with a double in the bottom of the first and eventually scored on Victor Martinez 's single . The Tigers scored three runs in the third	True
The White Sox compounded their poor pitching by making three errors on the night . Delmon Young made it 5 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth	True
Delmon Young made it 5 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth , and Cabrera 's double to left-center brought home two more runs and ended Buehrle 's night . It was his shortest outing since June 6 , 2010 , when he pitched three innings against the Indians . Reliever Addison Reed , making his major league debut , allowed RBI singles by Avila and Peralta later in the fourth	True
The Braves avoided getting swept in a three - game series for the first time this season and gave themselves a good send-off for an eight - game road trip that begins Monday against NL East-leading Philadelphia . Jose Constanza set up the win with a one - out single off Hawksworth ( 2 - 5 ) . Costanza moved to second	False
But third baseman Aaron Miles ' one - out throwing error in the seventh proved costly for Los Angeles . The Dodgers had a 3 - 0 lead when Alex Gonzalez singled and moved to third	False
Kershaw threw 84 of 115 pitches for strikes in his first career start at Turner Field . The left-hander was 4 - 0 with a sparkling 0.58 ERA in his previous four outings . Matt Kemp went deep for the Dodgers , hitting a three - run drive with two out in the third	True
Randall Delgado , the third rookie starting pitcher used by Atlanta in the series , gave up three runs and four hits in five innings . The Dodgers put runners on first	False
Randall Delgado , the third rookie starting pitcher used by Atlanta in the series , gave up three runs and four hits in five innings . The Dodgers put runners on first and second	False
Randall Delgado , the third rookie starting pitcher used by Atlanta in the series , gave up three runs and four hits in five innings . The Dodgers put runners on first and second with no outs in the seventh	True
Kottaras needed a double in his last at bat to complete the cycle and he hit a drive to deep center field . Kottaras likely could have stretched the hit to a triple , but the ball bounced over the fence for a ground-rule double . Kottaras hit a solo homer in the fourth inning off Bud Norris ( 6 - 9 ) to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead and tripled in the sixth ahead of a two - run shot by Craig Counsell , his first	False
Kottaras hit a solo homer in the fourth inning off Bud Norris ( 6 - 9 ) to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead and tripled in the sixth ahead of a two - run shot by Craig Counsell , his first of the year . Kottaras added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Kottaras finished 4 for 5 with two RBIs and scored twice . Prince Fielder drove in two runs with a grounder and a single as Milwaukee retained its 8 1/2-game lead over St. Louis in the NL Central . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits over five innings in his first start for the Brewers since Aug. 22 . He walked four and struck out four , working out of jams in the second	True
Kottaras finished 4 for 5 with two RBIs and scored twice . Prince Fielder drove in two runs with a grounder and a single as Milwaukee retained its 8 1/2-game lead over St. Louis in the NL Central . Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits over five innings in his first start for the Brewers since Aug. 22 . He walked four and struck out four , working out of jams in the second and third	True
Chris Narveson ( 10 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits over five innings in his first start for the Brewers since Aug. 22 . He walked four and struck out four , working out of jams in the second and third . Carlos Lee extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a two - run homer for Houston in the fifth	True
Milwaukee managed an unearned run without getting a hit in the first inning . Nyjer Morgan reached on Lee 's error at first base to start the game . Morgan stole second	False
Milwaukee managed an unearned run without getting a hit in the first inning . Nyjer Morgan reached on Lee 's error at first base to start the game . Morgan stole second and went to third	False
Milwaukee managed an unearned run without getting a hit in the first inning . Nyjer Morgan reached on Lee 's error at first base to start the game . Morgan stole second and went to third as Ryan Braun struck out but reached first	False
Fielder grounded out and Morgan scored for the early lead . Kottaras made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Kottaras made it 2 - 0 in the fourth with his fourth homer on a 92 mph fastball from Norris . Fielder hit an RBI single with two outs in the fifth	True
Fielder hit an RBI single with two outs in the fifth and Mark Kotsay had a run-scoring double to make it 4 - 0 . In the sixth	True
`` That was pretty lucky , '' Zimmerman admitted . `` It 's amazing that I always seem to find myself in that position . '' With the Nationals trailing 7 - 6 in the ninth	True
`` That was pretty lucky , '' Zimmerman admitted . `` It 's amazing that I always seem to find myself in that position . '' With the Nationals trailing 7 - 6 in the ninth , Jesus Flores sent a leadoff single into left field for his third hit of the game . Brian Bixler then came in to run , and Bobby Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) walked Jonny Gomes to put runners on first	False
`` That was pretty lucky , '' Zimmerman admitted . `` It 's amazing that I always seem to find myself in that position . '' With the Nationals trailing 7 - 6 in the ninth , Jesus Flores sent a leadoff single into left field for his third hit of the game . Brian Bixler then came in to run , and Bobby Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) walked Jonny Gomes to put runners on first and second	False
Washington had lost nine of 10 , and New York had won seven of eight . The Mets were headed for an impressive comeback win before Washington 's rally in the ninth	True
Milone , who made his major league debut after the left-hander 's contract was purchased from Triple-A Syracuse , was the center of attention for much of the night , hitting a three - run home run on the first pitch of his first big-league at-bat . With runners on second	False
Milone , who made his major league debut after the left-hander 's contract was purchased from Triple-A Syracuse , was the center of attention for much of the night , hitting a three - run home run on the first pitch of his first big-league at-bat . With runners on second and third	False
According to STATS LLC and the SABR Home Run Log , Milone became the eighth pitcher to homer on the first pitch he saw in the majors . The last to do it was Adam Wainwright for St. Louis on May 24 , 2006 . Unfortunately for Milone , he did n't make it out of the fifth inning . Although his home run capped a four - run second	True
Unfortunately for Milone , he did n't make it out of the fifth inning . Although his home run capped a four - run second , the lead did n't last long . Ronny Paulino singled with one out in the third	True
Unfortunately for Milone , he did n't make it out of the fifth inning . Although his home run capped a four - run second , the lead did n't last long . Ronny Paulino singled with one out in the third for New York 's first baserunner , and the Mets scored four times in the fourth	True
Ronny Paulino singled with one out in the third for New York 's first baserunner , and the Mets scored four times in the fourth . Angel Pagan hit a two - run single and scored on Nick Evans ' fourth homer , a drive to left on a 2 - 2 pitch for his second shot in two nights . With one out in the fifth	True
With one out in the fifth , Milone was replaced by Tom Gorzelanny . Bernadina , who was recalled from Syracuse on Friday , hit his sixth home run in the fifth	True
Bernadina , who was recalled from Syracuse on Friday , hit his sixth home run in the fifth to give Washington a 6 - 4 lead . The Mets responded in the sixth	False
The Mets responded in the sixth , getting a tying two - run shot from Jason Bay . It was Bay 's 10th homer of the season . It snapped an 0 - for - 35 skid on the road -- a team record for a position player . Desmond led off the first	True
So much for any worries about Pujols making a dent . Texas fans booed after Kulpa 's miss helped the Cardinals score four times in the fourth	True
Oh , Pujols also matched the Series mark for hits in a game set by Paul Molitor in 1982 . Good-luck charm Allen Craig homered for St. Louis and Yadier Molina drove in four runs . The Cardinals broke it open by scoring four times in the fourth	True
Oh , Pujols also matched the Series mark for hits in a game set by Paul Molitor in 1982 . Good-luck charm Allen Craig homered for St. Louis and Yadier Molina drove in four runs . The Cardinals broke it open by scoring four times in the fourth , three more in the fifth	True
Oh , Pujols also matched the Series mark for hits in a game set by Paul Molitor in 1982 . Good-luck charm Allen Craig homered for St. Louis and Yadier Molina drove in four runs . The Cardinals broke it open by scoring four times in the fourth , three more in the fifth and four in the sixth	False
Pujols , however , showed exactly why he is the most prized free agent of all going into this winter . The big slugger connected off Alexi Ogando in the sixth	True
Pujols , however , showed exactly why he is the most prized free agent of all going into this winter . The big slugger connected off Alexi Ogando in the sixth , hit a two - run drive off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh	True
Pujols , however , showed exactly why he is the most prized free agent of all going into this winter . The big slugger connected off Alexi Ogando in the sixth , hit a two - run drive off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh and tagged Darren Oliver for a solo shot with two outs in the ninth	True
By the end , Rangers president Nolan Ryan was rubbing his forehead and it was hard to keep track of all the hits . Balls were rolling into the corners , sailing over the fence and going most everywhere . In the seventh	True
Early in the game , it appeared Kulpa 's call would be the focal point . The Cardinals led 1 - 0 when Pujols led off the fourth	True
Early in the game , it appeared Kulpa 's call would be the focal point . The Cardinals led 1 - 0 when Pujols led off the fourth with a single . Holliday followed with a perfect double-play ball , but was ruled safe by Kulpa at first	False
Phillies manager Charlie Manuel agreed . The 102-win Phillies were picked by many to win it all . But first	False
The 102-win Phillies were picked by many to win it all . But first they must dispose of the wild-card Cardinals , who clinched a playoff spot on the last day of the season and have gotten the best of two members of the Phils ' star-studded rotation . An omen , maybe : Right after Oswalt threw a pitch in the fifth	True
Albert Pujols was hitless in four at-bats in what could have been his final home game with the Cardinals . He received thunderous cheers every trip to the plate from a standing room crowd of 47,071 , second-largest at 6-year-old Busch Stadium . Pujols made his presence known on defense , catching Chase Utley going for an extra base in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols was hitless in four at-bats in what could have been his final home game with the Cardinals . He received thunderous cheers every trip to the plate from a standing room crowd of 47,071 , second-largest at 6-year-old Busch Stadium . Pujols made his presence known on defense , catching Chase Utley going for an extra base in the sixth . Utley drew a leadoff walk and kept running on Hunter Pence 's grounder to short , but Pujols alertly jumped off first base to catch the throw and made a sharp relay to third	False
Pujols made his presence known on defense , catching Chase Utley going for an extra base in the sixth . Utley drew a leadoff walk and kept running on Hunter Pence 's grounder to short , but Pujols alertly jumped off first base to catch the throw and made a sharp relay to third for the out . Edwin Jackson recovered from a rocky beginning to win his first playoff start . After giving up two runs on his first five pitches , he wound up throwing six solid innings . Jason Motte worked a perfect ninth	True
Oswalt had been 5 - 0 with a 3.25 ERA in 10 previous postseason starts , the biggest closing out old Busch Stadium and the Cardinals in 2005 to get Houston to its first World Series . The right-hander also worked seven shutout innings against St. Louis in the Phillies ' NL East division clincher in mid-September . The biggest jolts for the Cardinals came from their seventh-place hitter . Freese was 2 for 12 the first three games with one RBI before punishing the fourth	True
Freese 's two - run double down the third-base line in the fourth put St. Louis up 3 - 2 . His two - run homer to straightaway center in the sixth whipped the crowd into a towel-waving frenzy . Oswalt walked Berkman and hit Holliday , making his first start of the series , to start the fourth	True
Oswalt walked Berkman and hit Holliday , making his first start of the series , to start the fourth . Pence made a fine running catch on the right field warning track to rob Yadier Molina of extra bases , but Freese jumped on a hanging curveball with a drive down the left-field line . Holliday singled with one out in the sixth	True
Not on this night , though . Braun hit a solo homer deep into the sandy play area beyond the right-center fence -- one of the deepest parts of the park -- with one out in the fourth	True
Braun hit a solo homer deep into the sandy play area beyond the right-center fence -- one of the deepest parts of the park -- with one out in the fourth . That homer was in the area where the Padres are considering bringing in the fences . He drove a two - run shot onto the balcony on the fourth level of the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner with one out in the fifth	True
He drove a two - run shot onto the balcony on the fourth level of the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner with one out in the fifth . Both were off rookie Joe Wieland ( 0 - 4 ) . Rickie Weeks was aboard on a walk before Braun 's second homer . Braun 's third shot , to left , came on the first pitch he saw from Ernesto Frieri with two outs in the seventh	True
Braun 's third shot , to left , came on the first pitch he saw from Ernesto Frieri with two outs in the seventh . Braun came up again with two on and two outs in the ninth	False
Wieland became the third Padres pitcher to start a season 0 - 4 in his first four starts . He allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked two . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single with two outs in the second	True
Wieland became the third Padres pitcher to start a season 0 - 4 in his first four starts . He allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked two . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single with two outs in the second and was poised to add on when it got runners to second	False
Wieland became the third Padres pitcher to start a season 0 - 4 in his first four starts . He allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked two . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single with two outs in the second and was poised to add on when it got runners to second and third	False
Wieland became the third Padres pitcher to start a season 0 - 4 in his first four starts . He allowed five runs -- three earned -- and five hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked two . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single with two outs in the second and was poised to add on when it got runners to second and third with no outs in the third	True
San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single with two outs in the second and was poised to add on when it got runners to second and third with no outs in the third . Wieland singled for his first big league hit and advanced on Chris Denorfia 's double to center . But Wolf struck out Jesus Guzman and retired Chase Headley and Nick Hundley to end the threat . After Braun 's solo shot in the fourth	True
After Braun 's solo shot in the fourth , Aramis Ramirez reached on second baseman Orlando Hudson 's error , Mat Gamel singled with two outs and Alex Gonzalez doubled them both in for a 3 - 1 lead . Braun 's second homer made it 5 - 2 . San Diego added a run on Jason Bartlett 's double-play ball in the sixth	True
Garza ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a pop-fly single to Jimmy Rollins leading off and retired 20 of the next 21 batters . Juan Pierre 's seventh-inning walk was the only other baserunner . After reliever Rafael Dolis pitched a perfect eighth	True
Garza ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a pop-fly single to Jimmy Rollins leading off and retired 20 of the next 21 batters . Juan Pierre 's seventh-inning walk was the only other baserunner . After reliever Rafael Dolis pitched a perfect eighth , Cubs closer Carlos Marmol was shaky in the ninth	True
Joe Mather homered and Bryan LaHair doubled twice for the Cubs . Jeff Baker and Tony Campana each added two hits . Mather 's homer was the first	False
The five - time defending NL East champion Phillies are playing without injured All-Stars Ryan Howard ( Achilles ) and Chase Utley ( knee ) , and the hitters may be pressing some in their absence . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The five - time defending NL East champion Phillies are playing without injured All-Stars Ryan Howard ( Achilles ) and Chase Utley ( knee ) , and the hitters may be pressing some in their absence . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ian Stewart 's groundout that scored LaHair . Chicago could have tallied more , with runners on second	False
The five - time defending NL East champion Phillies are playing without injured All-Stars Ryan Howard ( Achilles ) and Chase Utley ( knee ) , and the hitters may be pressing some in their absence . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ian Stewart 's groundout that scored LaHair . Chicago could have tallied more , with runners on second and third	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ian Stewart 's groundout that scored LaHair . Chicago could have tallied more , with runners on second and third with one out , but Kendrick struck out Welington Castillo and Garza to escape further trouble . Chicago tacked on a run in the third	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ian Stewart 's groundout that scored LaHair . Chicago could have tallied more , with runners on second and third with one out , but Kendrick struck out Welington Castillo and Garza to escape further trouble . Chicago tacked on a run in the third , thanks to the speed of Campana . After he singled , Campana went to second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ian Stewart 's groundout that scored LaHair . Chicago could have tallied more , with runners on second and third with one out , but Kendrick struck out Welington Castillo and Garza to escape further trouble . Chicago tacked on a run in the third , thanks to the speed of Campana . After he singled , Campana went to second when Nix failed to catch Kendrick 's throw on a pickoff attempt , then to third	False
Mather 's line-drive homer to left with two outs in the fourth put Chicago up 3 - 0 . Campana 's speed showed up again in the eighth	True
Mather 's line-drive homer to left with two outs in the fourth put Chicago up 3 - 0 . Campana 's speed showed up again in the eighth when he reached on an infield single , stole second went to third	False
For at least one night , all was right with the reeling Red Sox . Ross homered twice , tying the game with a two - run shot in the seventh inning and giving Boston the lead with two outs in the ninth	True
Ross homered twice , tying the game with a two - run shot in the seventh inning and giving Boston the lead with two outs in the ninth to snap a five - game losing streak for the Red Sox and beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Monday . Starter-turned-temporary-reliever Bard ( 1 - 2 ) recorded two critical outs in the eighth	True
Ross homered twice , tying the game with a two - run shot in the seventh inning and giving Boston the lead with two outs in the ninth to snap a five - game losing streak for the Red Sox and beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Monday . Starter-turned-temporary-reliever Bard ( 1 - 2 ) recorded two critical outs in the eighth after the Twins put the leadoff runner on third	False
Ross homered twice , tying the game with a two - run shot in the seventh inning and giving Boston the lead with two outs in the ninth to snap a five - game losing streak for the Red Sox and beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 5 on Monday . Starter-turned-temporary-reliever Bard ( 1 - 2 ) recorded two critical outs in the eighth after the Twins put the leadoff runner on third . Alfredo Aceves picked up the save , his third	False
Aceves gave up a one - out single and a high drive to the warning track in left-center to Trevor Plouffe , but Denard Span bounced back to the mound to end it . Ryan Sweeney misplayed Jamey Carroll 's single into a two - base error that put him at third	False
Aceves gave up a one - out single and a high drive to the warning track in left-center to Trevor Plouffe , but Denard Span bounced back to the mound to end it . Ryan Sweeney misplayed Jamey Carroll 's single into a two - base error that put him at third with none out in that pivotal eighth	True
Ryan Sweeney misplayed Jamey Carroll 's single into a two - base error that put him at third with none out in that pivotal eighth , after the ball bounded down the right-field line , ricocheted off the padded facade of the seats in foul territory and skidded away . But Franklin Morales got Joe Mauer to ground out weakly to first base , and Bard retired two of the three batters he faced sandwiched around an intentional walk to Justin Morneau . Josh Willingham greeted Bard with a sharp line drive , but it zipped straight at third baseman Kevin Youkilis for the second	False
After a rainout on Sunday gave the rotation an extra day of rest , Valentine put Bard in his struggling bullpen for a few days amid calls for the young right-hander to take over for Aceves as the closer . But Bard and Valentine insisted the move was merely temporary , and Bard is still on track to make his next start on Friday . Jon Lester allowed six hits , five runs and four walks over seven innings . He struck out four but wasted a 3 - 0 lead , after Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - run homer in the second	True
Jon Lester allowed six hits , five runs and four walks over seven innings . He struck out four but wasted a 3 - 0 lead , after Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - run homer in the second . Danny Valencia 's two - run homer , his first	False
Jon Lester allowed six hits , five runs and four walks over seven innings . He struck out four but wasted a 3 - 0 lead , after Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - run homer in the second . Danny Valencia 's two - run homer , his first of the season , followed Ryan Doumit 's two - run double in a four - run fourth	True
Jon Lester allowed six hits , five runs and four walks over seven innings . He struck out four but wasted a 3 - 0 lead , after Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - run homer in the second . Danny Valencia 's two - run homer , his first of the season , followed Ryan Doumit 's two - run double in a four - run fourth for the Twins . Then Plouffe drew a leadoff walk in the fifth	True
Danny Valencia 's two - run homer , his first of the season , followed Ryan Doumit 's two - run double in a four - run fourth for the Twins . Then Plouffe drew a leadoff walk in the fifth , Span singled and a run scored when Carroll grounded into a double play . Still , Valentine fervently praised the way Lester bounced back with strong a sixth	True
Danny Valencia 's two - run homer , his first of the season , followed Ryan Doumit 's two - run double in a four - run fourth for the Twins . Then Plouffe drew a leadoff walk in the fifth , Span singled and a run scored when Carroll grounded into a double play . Still , Valentine fervently praised the way Lester bounced back with strong a sixth and seventh	True
Still , Valentine fervently praised the way Lester bounced back with strong a sixth and seventh . Carroll got the Red Sox back for that in the sixth	True
That work paid off Sunday when Rios got three hits and drove in three runs to help the Chicago White Sox completed a series sweep of the Seattle Mariners with a 7 - 4 victory . Rios hit a tying , two - run triple in the sixth	True
Rios hit a tying , two - run triple in the sixth and then scored on a sacrifice fly by Kosuke Fukudome to put the White Sox ahead for good . Rios and Fukudome added RBI singles in the eighth	True
The win polished off a rejuvenating series sweep of the Mariners after coming to Seattle as losers of four of their last five games . The White Sox have won 19 of their last 22 games against the Mariners including their second straight sweep in Seattle . A day after Philip Humber pitched a perfect game for the White Sox , John Danks ( 2 - 2 ) went six innings for the win . Hector Santiago pitched a scoreless ninth	True
A day after Philip Humber pitched a perfect game for the White Sox , John Danks ( 2 - 2 ) went six innings for the win . Hector Santiago pitched a scoreless ninth for his fifth save of the season . Seattle starter Kevin Millwood ( 0 - 1 ) took a 4 - 2 lead into the sixth	True
Seattle starter Kevin Millwood ( 0 - 1 ) took a 4 - 2 lead into the sixth . Adam Dunn drew a leadoff walk , Paul Konerko singled and after a groundout , Rios cleared the bases with a triple to the wall in right-center field . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Seattle tied it in the bottom half . Chone Figgins led off with a walk and Ichiro Suzuki singled , setting up an RBI single by Jesus Montero and an RBI double by Alex Liddi . Fukudome walked in the fourth	True
Fukudome walked in the fourth and moved up on a wild pitch , but was thrown out at the plate by Suzuki on Brent Morel 's single to right field . Miguel Olivo and Wells hit consecutive singles to lead off the fourth	True
Fukudome walked in the fourth and moved up on a wild pitch , but was thrown out at the plate by Suzuki on Brent Morel 's single to right field . Miguel Olivo and Wells hit consecutive singles to lead off the fourth . With Brendan Ryan attempting to bunt , the infield was pulled up when Danks tried a pickoff throw at first	False
Miguel Olivo and Wells hit consecutive singles to lead off the fourth . With Brendan Ryan attempting to bunt , the infield was pulled up when Danks tried a pickoff throw at first that Dunn never saw coming . Danks ' error allowed Olivo to score and Dustin Ackley drove in a run with a grounder for a 4 - 2 lead . Danks managed to settle in after the fourth inning as Seattle only managed to draw two walks off Danks in the fifth	True
Lynn showed that aggressive approach against Pittsburgh as he needed just 88 pitches to get through seven innings . He allowed four hits and one walk while striking out four . Presley led off the bottom of the first	True
Mitchell Boggs and Jason Motte , who notched his third save in three tries , each pitched a hitless inning to complete the four - hitter for St. Louis . After St. Louis tied it in the second inning on Molina 's RBI double , Lynn led off the fifth	True
Mitchell Boggs and Jason Motte , who notched his third save in three tries , each pitched a hitless inning to complete the four - hitter for St. Louis . After St. Louis tied it in the second inning on Molina 's RBI double , Lynn led off the fifth with a single . He took second	False
Mitchell Boggs and Jason Motte , who notched his third save in three tries , each pitched a hitless inning to complete the four - hitter for St. Louis . After St. Louis tied it in the second inning on Molina 's RBI double , Lynn led off the fifth with a single . He took second on Rafael Furcal 's groundout , advanced to third	False
After St. Louis tied it in the second inning on Molina 's RBI double , Lynn led off the fifth with a single . He took second on Rafael Furcal 's groundout , advanced to third on Matt Holliday 's fielder 's choice and scored on Beltran 's line hit to right field . Descalso homered -- a liner into the right-field stands -- in the eighth	True
Matusz ( 0 - 3 ) was charged with six runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in five - plus innings with three walks and six strikeouts . His streak is the longest by any active major leaguer , and one shy of the Orioles record set by Mike Boddicker between August 1987 and May 1988 . Matusz , the fourth overall pick in the 2008 draft , has an 11.64 ERA in 13 starts since his last victory on June 6 , 2011 , against Oakland . Orioles leadoff batter Nolan Reimold , who sat out Thursday 's game because of a stiff neck , extended his hitting streak to 10 games . He was 3 - for - 5 with a two - run homer in the seventh	True
`` One thing about hitting behind a guy like Albert , you know they 're going to walk him a lot and he 's going to get on base . So you do n't want to get up there and try to hit home runs and try to be Albert Pujols . I'm not him . You ca n't put all that on your shoulders . Just go out there and do what you do . '' Baltimore second baseman Robert Andino made two throwing errors and center fielder Adam Jones committed another on an errant relay throw that allowed Erick Aybar to score behind Chris Iannetta and Alberto Callaspo on Kendrick 's two - run double in the sixth	True
Longoria hit a two - run homer and came within a triple of the cycle , Desmond Jennings added a solo shot and the Tampa Bay Rays ended a 10-game road trip by beating the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Thursday night . Longoria went 3 - for - 4 with a season-high four RBIs and reached base four times as the Rays tagged Blue Jays right-hander Henderson Alvarez for a career-high six earned runs . Longoria singled home a run in the first	True
Longoria hit a two - run homer and came within a triple of the cycle , Desmond Jennings added a solo shot and the Tampa Bay Rays ended a 10-game road trip by beating the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Thursday night . Longoria went 3 - for - 4 with a season-high four RBIs and reached base four times as the Rays tagged Blue Jays right-hander Henderson Alvarez for a career-high six earned runs . Longoria singled home a run in the first , homered in the fifth	True
Longoria hit a two - run homer and came within a triple of the cycle , Desmond Jennings added a solo shot and the Tampa Bay Rays ended a 10-game road trip by beating the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Thursday night . Longoria went 3 - for - 4 with a season-high four RBIs and reached base four times as the Rays tagged Blue Jays right-hander Henderson Alvarez for a career-high six earned runs . Longoria singled home a run in the first , homered in the fifth , drew an intentional walk in the seventh	True
Longoria hit a two - run homer and came within a triple of the cycle , Desmond Jennings added a solo shot and the Tampa Bay Rays ended a 10-game road trip by beating the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Thursday night . Longoria went 3 - for - 4 with a season-high four RBIs and reached base four times as the Rays tagged Blue Jays right-hander Henderson Alvarez for a career-high six earned runs . Longoria singled home a run in the first , homered in the fifth , drew an intentional walk in the seventh and hit an RBI double in the ninth	False
The Rays lost five of the first six games on the trip but closed it by winning 3 of 4 . Hellickson left after Yunel Escobar drew a two - out walk in the sixth	True
The Rays lost five of the first six games on the trip but closed it by winning 3 of 4 . Hellickson left after Yunel Escobar drew a two - out walk in the sixth . Kelly Johnson singled off Jake McGee and Burke Badenhop walked Jose Bautista to load the bases for Adam Lind , but J. P. Howell escaped the jam by getting Lind to line out to first	False
Hellickson left after Yunel Escobar drew a two - out walk in the sixth . Kelly Johnson singled off Jake McGee and Burke Badenhop walked Jose Bautista to load the bases for Adam Lind , but J. P. Howell escaped the jam by getting Lind to line out to first . Howell worked 1 1/3 innings , Joel Peralta pitched one inning and Fernando Rodney finished , giving up Brett Lawrie 's RBI grounder in the ninth	False
Howell worked 1 1/3 innings , Joel Peralta pitched one inning and Fernando Rodney finished , giving up Brett Lawrie 's RBI grounder in the ninth . Trailing after Longoria 's RBI single in the first	True
Trailing after Longoria 's RBI single in the first , the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Lind 's two - out double . The Rays reclaimed the lead with two in the second	True
The Rays reclaimed the lead with two in the second . Matt Joyce scored on Sean Rodriguez 's single to right when Bautista 's throw skipped past catcher J. P. Arencibia and struck Alvarez , who was backing up , on the left collarbone . Alvarez went down and was treated briefly on the field but stayed in the game . Rodriguez took third	False
Alvarez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed six hits in 6 1/3 innings , walked two and struck out four . Toronto tied it at 3 in the fourth	True
Toronto tied it at 3 in the fourth . Arencibia hit an RBI double and Escobar followed with a grounder to short , with Arencibia scoring on Rodriguez 's throwing error . The Rays took the lead for good with a three - run , two - homer fifth	True
Toronto tied it at 3 in the fourth . Arencibia hit an RBI double and Escobar followed with a grounder to short , with Arencibia scoring on Rodriguez 's throwing error . The Rays took the lead for good with a three - run , two - homer fifth . Jennings hit a one - out drive to left , his first	False
Toronto tied it at 3 in the fourth . Arencibia hit an RBI double and Escobar followed with a grounder to short , with Arencibia scoring on Rodriguez 's throwing error . The Rays took the lead for good with a three - run , two - homer fifth . Jennings hit a one - out drive to left , his first , and , after Zobrist walked , Longoria made it 6 - 3 with a shot off the facing of the center-field restaurant , his second	False
The Rays took the lead for good with a three - run , two - homer fifth . Jennings hit a one - out drive to left , his first , and , after Zobrist walked , Longoria made it 6 - 3 with a shot off the facing of the center-field restaurant , his second . Longoria doubled home a run off Jason Frasor in the ninth	True
Granderson hardly considered he would have a chance to tie the major league record of four homers in a game when he was putting in extra cage work with hitting coach Kevin Long to try and find a decent rhythm at the plate . But there he was , with many in the crowd standing and cheering in the sixth	True
Granderson hardly considered he would have a chance to tie the major league record of four homers in a game when he was putting in extra cage work with hitting coach Kevin Long to try and find a decent rhythm at the plate . But there he was , with many in the crowd standing and cheering in the sixth , when he lined a single to right field . In the eighth	True
Mark Teixeira hit his first home run of the year and the Yankees earned a split of the four - game series . The Twins have not won a series in New York since 2001 , a year before Ron Gardenhire took over as manager . Granderson homered to right-center in the first inning and hit a soaring , two - run shot into the second deck in right field in the second	True
Granderson homered to right-center in the first inning and hit a soaring , two - run shot into the second deck in right field in the second , both off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . In the fourth	True
Granderson became the 12th major leaguer to hit three home runs in the first four innings of a game , according to STATS LLC and the SABR Home Run Log . Alfonso Soriano was the last to do it for the Chicago Cubs on June 8 , 2007 , against Atlanta . The three - homer game was the first	False
Granderson became the 12th major leaguer to hit three home runs in the first four innings of a game , according to STATS LLC and the SABR Home Run Log . Alfonso Soriano was the last to do it for the Chicago Cubs on June 8 , 2007 , against Atlanta . The three - homer game was the first for a Yankees player since Alex Rodriguez hit three at Kansas City on Aug. 14 , 2010 . Granderson has 12 career multihomer games . This was his first	False
The Yankees have had 28 three - homer games -- Jackson hit three in Game 6 of the 1977 World Series -- but only one of four homers , by Lou Gehrig in 1932 . Mariano Rivera , the fifth Yankees pitcher , worked a perfect ninth	True
Mariano Rivera , the fifth Yankees pitcher , worked a perfect ninth for his third save of the season and record 606th of his career . For the third time in this series , the Yankees fell behind in the first	True
Danny Valencia then hit a long double to left-center on an 0 - 2 pitch to make it 4 - 0 . Teixeira also homered in the first	True
Teixeira also homered in the first , a two - run shot to almost the same spot near the Yankees bullpen in right-center that Granderson 's drive landed . A notoriously slow starter , Teixeira homered in his 46th at-bat this season . Derek Jeter had an RBI single in the second	True
Swarzak had pitched better than his record suggested , receiving only one run of support in each of his first two starts , but he struggled from the start in this one . He gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . Twins shortstop Jamey Carroll made a diving stab of Jeter 's grounder in the first	True
Swarzak had pitched better than his record suggested , receiving only one run of support in each of his first two starts , but he struggled from the start in this one . He gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . Twins shortstop Jamey Carroll made a diving stab of Jeter 's grounder in the first and an over-the-shoulder , diving catch on Robinson Cano 's pop to shallow left field in the second	True
Twins shortstop Jamey Carroll made a diving stab of Jeter 's grounder in the first and an over-the-shoulder , diving catch on Robinson Cano 's pop to shallow left field in the second . Doumit hit a two - run homer off Hughes in the sixth	True
There was hardly a mention of reaching 10 wins in the Nationals clubhouse , even though the team is off to its best start since moving to Washington from Montreal in 2005 . The Nationals trailed 2 - 1 when Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a walk and a single to the first two batters in the eighth	True
Rhiner Cruz then came in and walked Jayson Werth , tying the game at 2 . A forceout at the plate left the bases loaded for Wilson Ramos , whom scored LaRoche with a sacrifice fly to center field . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the eighth	False
Rhiner Cruz then came in and walked Jayson Werth , tying the game at 2 . A forceout at the plate left the bases loaded for Wilson Ramos , whom scored LaRoche with a sacrifice fly to center field . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the eighth . Jason Castro led off with a double and Zimmerman held him there with a pair of highlight defensive plays -- a sliding catch in foul territory of a popped-up bunt and a diving catch on a sharp line drive -- before Jordan Schafer 's RBI single that just hopped past the glove of the diving LaRoche at first	False
For much of the game , it appeared the two teams were headed for a second straight 1 - 0 game , as the starters held both offenses in check . Zimmermann and Houston 's Lucas Harrell both pitched into the seventh inning , allowing a run apiece . It is becoming a habitual line for Zimmermann , who is still waiting for his first win despite allowing one earned run over seven innings in each of his three starts this season . In his 21 innings pitched , the Nationals have scored a total of two runs , including one on Roger Bernadina 's two - out double in the bottom of the seventh	True
It is becoming a habitual line for Zimmermann , who is still waiting for his first win despite allowing one earned run over seven innings in each of his three starts this season . In his 21 innings pitched , the Nationals have scored a total of two runs , including one on Roger Bernadina 's two - out double in the bottom of the seventh against Houston . Houston lost its fourth	False
Houston lost its fourth in a row and seven in eight games . Four of the Astros ' last five losses have been by one run . Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two hits and a run in the eighth inning . Henry Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Donald 's tiebreaking single off Seattle reliever Tom Wilhelmsen in the top of the seventh capped the Indians ' rally from a seven - run deficit to beat the Mariners 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Mariners reliever Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 1 ) allowed a hit by Travis Hafner and a walk to Shelley Duncan before striking out the next two in the seventh	True
Mariners reliever Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 1 ) allowed a hit by Travis Hafner and a walk to Shelley Duncan before striking out the next two in the seventh and being replaced . However , Wilhelmsen could not close the inning , giving up Donald 's hit to right field . Cleveland reliever Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless sixth inning to pick up the win . Chris Perez got his third save in four tries , getting out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the ninth	True
Cleveland reliever Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless sixth inning to pick up the win . Chris Perez got his third save in four tries , getting out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the ninth when John Jaso flew out to right field on a 2 - 0 pitch . Earlier in the inning , a ground ball took a bad hop and hit Donald in the mouth before trickling into center field . That put runners on first	False
Cleveland reliever Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless sixth inning to pick up the win . Chris Perez got his third save in four tries , getting out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the ninth when John Jaso flew out to right field on a 2 - 0 pitch . Earlier in the inning , a ground ball took a bad hop and hit Donald in the mouth before trickling into center field . That put runners on first and third	False
Carlos Santana 's three - run homer was the main blow in Cleveland 's seven - run fifth inning that tied the score at 8-all . It also gave the Indians a homer in every game this season . After giving up a run in the first	True
Carlos Santana 's three - run homer was the main blow in Cleveland 's seven - run fifth inning that tied the score at 8-all . It also gave the Indians a homer in every game this season . After giving up a run in the first and following that with three scoreless innings , Seattle starter Kevin Millwood allowed five hits and did not get an out in the fifth	True
Ichiro Suzuki drove in two runs with a line drive to right field . After Smoak picked up his second single of the inning , Masterson was finally lifted after throwing 71 pitches in 3 2/3 innings . He allowed eight earned runs , walked four and gave up seven hits . The Indians got on the board in the first	True
Ichiro Suzuki drove in two runs with a line drive to right field . After Smoak picked up his second single of the inning , Masterson was finally lifted after throwing 71 pitches in 3 2/3 innings . He allowed eight earned runs , walked four and gave up seven hits . The Indians got on the board in the first when Hafner singled hard to left field to drive in Michael Brantley . It was a laborious first inning for Millwood , who threw 26 pitches , allowed two hits and walked one . By contrast , Masterson threw just nine pitches in a 1 - 2 - 2 first	True
The Indians got on the board in the first when Hafner singled hard to left field to drive in Michael Brantley . It was a laborious first inning for Millwood , who threw 26 pitches , allowed two hits and walked one . By contrast , Masterson threw just nine pitches in a 1 - 2 - 2 first . Millwood adjusted quickly . He threw 26 pitches over the next two innings and allowed just one hit before unraveling in the fifth	True
MILWAUKEE -- Mat Gamel may never hit home runs the way Prince Fielder does , but he showed he can score from second base a lot faster . Gamel , who replaced Fielder at first	False
He has held his own so far , batting .282 while starting all 11 games for Milwaukee . He said he has made some minor mechanical adjustments in the last couple of days that have helped . With the Brewers trailing 4 - 3 , Corey Hart led off the ninth	True
He has held his own so far , batting .282 while starting all 11 games for Milwaukee . He said he has made some minor mechanical adjustments in the last couple of days that have helped . With the Brewers trailing 4 - 3 , Corey Hart led off the ninth with a single off Dodgers closer Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) . Pinch-runner Carlos Gomez then stole second	False
With the Brewers trailing 4 - 3 , Corey Hart led off the ninth with a single off Dodgers closer Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) . Pinch-runner Carlos Gomez then stole second and Gamel walked . Guerra , who blew his first save of the year and third	True
Guerra , who blew his first save of the year and third in his career , struck out Jonathan Lucroy . Kottaras then batted for Cesar Izturis and hit a 2 - 2 pitch to the wall , driving in Gomez and Gamel with Gamel sliding in just ahead of the throw from second baseman Mark Ellis and sending the Brewers to a jubilant celebration at home plate . It was the first blown save of the year for Guerra , and only the third	False
Kottaras , who starts every five days as Randy Wolf 's personal catcher , is 2 for 5 with a double , a home run and five RBIs as a pinch-hitter this year . Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Andre Ethier 's two - run home run with two outs in the eighth inning had given the Dodgers their 4 - 3 lead . Mark Ellis hit a one - out broken-bat single off Francisco Rodriguez and , after Matt Kemp struck out , Ethier hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the Brewers ' bullpen for his fourth homer of the season . The Brewers had taken a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the seventh	True
It did n't matter against Halladay . A once-potent offense that 's missing Chase Utley and Ryan Howard struggled in Philadelphia 's first four games , scoring eight runs total . But they rocked Marlins ace Josh Johnson , chasing the big right-hander in the fourth	True
This was hardly a typical Halladay-Johnson matchup . Halladay tossed a perfect game against the Marlins and Johnson on May 29 , 2010 . Johnson beat him 2 - 0 less than two weeks later and 2 - 1 last May . Former Marlins leadoff hitter Juan Pierre got things started for Philadelphia with a one - out single in the third	True
This was hardly a typical Halladay-Johnson matchup . Halladay tossed a perfect game against the Marlins and Johnson on May 29 , 2010 . Johnson beat him 2 - 0 less than two weeks later and 2 - 1 last May . Former Marlins leadoff hitter Juan Pierre got things started for Philadelphia with a one - out single in the third . Pierre stole second	False
This was hardly a typical Halladay-Johnson matchup . Halladay tossed a perfect game against the Marlins and Johnson on May 29 , 2010 . Johnson beat him 2 - 0 less than two weeks later and 2 - 1 last May . Former Marlins leadoff hitter Juan Pierre got things started for Philadelphia with a one - out single in the third . Pierre stole second and scored on Placido Polanco 's infield single up the middle . Polanco advanced to second	False
Former Marlins leadoff hitter Juan Pierre got things started for Philadelphia with a one - out single in the third . Pierre stole second and scored on Placido Polanco 's infield single up the middle . Polanco advanced to second when the ball deflected off Johnson and caromed to shortstop Jose Reyes . Rollins then ripped an RBI single to left-center to put the Phillies up 2 - 1 . Rollins went to second	False
Rollins then ripped an RBI single to left-center to put the Phillies up 2 - 1 . Rollins went to second when left fielder Logan Morrison slipped and booted the ball for an error . Pence singled to left to drive in Rollins for a 3 - 1 lead . Victorino followed with a single to right . Victorino stole second	False
Rollins then ripped an RBI single to left-center to put the Phillies up 2 - 1 . Rollins went to second when left fielder Logan Morrison slipped and booted the ball for an error . Pence singled to left to drive in Rollins for a 3 - 1 lead . Victorino followed with a single to right . Victorino stole second to put runners on second	False
Rollins then ripped an RBI single to left-center to put the Phillies up 2 - 1 . Rollins went to second when left fielder Logan Morrison slipped and booted the ball for an error . Pence singled to left to drive in Rollins for a 3 - 1 lead . Victorino followed with a single to right . Victorino stole second to put runners on second and third	False
Rollins then ripped an RBI single to left-center to put the Phillies up 2 - 1 . Rollins went to second when left fielder Logan Morrison slipped and booted the ball for an error . Pence singled to left to drive in Rollins for a 3 - 1 lead . Victorino followed with a single to right . Victorino stole second to put runners on second and third , but John Mayberry Jr. hit a soft liner to second	False
Rollins then ripped an RBI single to left-center to put the Phillies up 2 - 1 . Rollins went to second when left fielder Logan Morrison slipped and booted the ball for an error . Pence singled to left to drive in Rollins for a 3 - 1 lead . Victorino followed with a single to right . Victorino stole second to put runners on second and third , but John Mayberry Jr. hit a soft liner to second for the second	False
Galvis , filling in for Utley , was 1 for 14 before that hit . Fans chanted `` Freddy ! Freddy ! Freddy ! '' when the rookie dug in at the plate and serenaded him with another round of cheers after the clutch hit . The Phillies chased Johnson with three consecutive two - out singles in the fourth	True
The Phillies chased Johnson with three consecutive two - out singles in the fourth . Rollins , Pence and Victorino got the hits to extend the lead to 6 - 1 . Halladay threw eight innings in a 1 - 0 victory at Pittsburgh in the season opener . He gave up a run in the second	True
Halladay threw eight innings in a 1 - 0 victory at Pittsburgh in the season opener . He gave up a run in the second against Miami . Omar Infante led off the inning by ripping a double off the wall in left , nearly hitting his third homer in two games . He went to third	False
Rookie Tyler Pastornicky added a solo shot for the Braves , sending his first major-league homer into the Crawford Boxes in left field to push Atlanta 's lead to 4 - 1 in the fourth inning . Atlanta starter Tommy Hanson ( 1 - 1 ) yielded six hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in five innings for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Atlanta starter Tommy Hanson ( 1 - 1 ) yielded six hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in five innings for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save . Jordan Schafer singled in the seventh	True
Atlanta starter Tommy Hanson ( 1 - 1 ) yielded six hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in five innings for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save . Jordan Schafer singled in the seventh before scoring after consecutive one - out singles that chased Kris Medlen . Chris Johnson 's two - out single scored J. D. Martinez and got Houston within 5 - 4 with runners at first	False
Atlanta starter Tommy Hanson ( 1 - 1 ) yielded six hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in five innings for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save . Jordan Schafer singled in the seventh before scoring after consecutive one - out singles that chased Kris Medlen . Chris Johnson 's two - out single scored J. D. Martinez and got Houston within 5 - 4 with runners at first and second	False
Five members of the 1962 team attended the game and Bob Aspromonte , who started the team 's first game , threw out the first pitch . Brian McCann hit a two - out single in the third	True
Brian McCann hit a two - out single in the third and scored on a double to center field by Dan Uggla to tie it at 1 - 1 . The homer by Jones , which landed in the first row of right-field seats , put Atlanta up 3 - 1 . A television shot showed Jones ' father Larry Jones , saying : ` It 's out of here , ' as he and Jones ' mother Lynne stood and cheered . Schafer singled , stole second	False
Brian McCann hit a two - out single in the third and scored on a double to center field by Dan Uggla to tie it at 1 - 1 . The homer by Jones , which landed in the first row of right-field seats , put Atlanta up 3 - 1 . A television shot showed Jones ' father Larry Jones , saying : ` It 's out of here , ' as he and Jones ' mother Lynne stood and cheered . Schafer singled , stole second and third base , and scored on a single by Carlos Lee to get Houston within 4 - 2 in the fifth	True
Lee had three hits , two walks and drove in two runs . Bourn walked to start the seventh inning and stole second base . He advanced to third	False
Narveson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched five innings to improve to 7 - 1 with a 3.52 ERA in 14 career games against Chicago . The left-hander allowed three runs , two earned , and six hits . He ran into some trouble as Chicago scored three times in the third	True
The Cubs had a chance for more but a strategic infield shift ended the threat when second baseman Rickie Weeks made a diving stop to rob Geovany Soto of a hit right behind the second base bag . Marco Estrada and Kameron Loe combined for three scoreless innings after Narveson left . Jose Veras came in to pitch the ninth	True
Chicago 's starters allowed seven earned runs in the first four games . Weeks led off the game with a walk and moved to third	True
Chicago 's starters allowed seven earned runs in the first four games . Weeks led off the game with a walk and moved to third on Carlos Gomez 's double . Ryan Braun then hit a sacrifice fly , putting Milwaukee in front and moving the speedy Gomez to third	False
After Maholm hit Corey Hart , Gonzalez hit a drive to left for his first homer of the season . Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo drive off Maholm in the third	True
After Maholm hit Corey Hart , Gonzalez hit a drive to left for his first homer of the season . Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo drive off Maholm in the third for his first homer and had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Carlos Santana hit two home runs on his 26th birthday , Derek Lowe pitched seven strong innings and Cleveland 's bullpen finally held a lead -- barely -- and beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 Sunday . Santana opened the second inning with a drive over the wall in center . He connected a second time off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth	True
Toronto won the first two games by 7 - 4 scores . The first went 16 innings , the longest Opening Day game in history , and the second game lasted 12 innings . The Indians led in all three games . This time , their bullpen did not allow the Blue Jays to go ahead . Joe Smith replaced Lowe to start the eighth	True
Perez then closed it out to make Lowe a winner . Lowe ( 1 - 0 ) got 15 outs on grounders and allowed two unearned runs in his Indians debut . Encarnacion had an RBI double and Brett Lawrie a sacrifice fly as Toronto tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
`` It 's a funny game . You blow one when up by three , then save one against one of the best hitters in the game . '' Perez , who gave up three runs in the ninth inning on Opening Day , survived a critical error by shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera on a potential game-ending double play grounder . The miscue put runners on first	False
`` It 's a funny game . You blow one when up by three , then save one against one of the best hitters in the game . '' Perez , who gave up three runs in the ninth inning on Opening Day , survived a critical error by shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera on a potential game-ending double play grounder . The miscue put runners on first and second	False
Manager Dusty Baker figured that Rolen , in his 17th big league season , would be prepared to grab a bat . Jay Bruce started the comeback with his second home run of the game and third	False
Jay Bruce started the comeback with his second home run of the game and third of the season , an opposite-field drive into the left-center field seats . One out later , Drew Stubbs chopped a single that hit Ramirez 's glove . Stubbs moved to third	False
Zambrano retired 13 of 14 batters in one stretch , including 12 straight before Bruce homered with two outs in the sixth inning to give Cincinnati a 4 - 2 lead . He lasted six innings , allowing four hits and four runs with two walks and six strikeouts . The Reds led 3 - 0 and 4 - 2 before the Marlins scored three runs to take a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
Zambrano retired 13 of 14 batters in one stretch , including 12 straight before Bruce homered with two outs in the sixth inning to give Cincinnati a 4 - 2 lead . He lasted six innings , allowing four hits and four runs with two walks and six strikeouts . The Reds led 3 - 0 and 4 - 2 before the Marlins scored three runs to take a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh , which opened with Arroyo hitting Greg Dobbs with a pitch . Brett Hayes then hit a hard shot into the left field corner , but had to stop at first	False
Zambrano retired 13 of 14 batters in one stretch , including 12 straight before Bruce homered with two outs in the sixth inning to give Cincinnati a 4 - 2 lead . He lasted six innings , allowing four hits and four runs with two walks and six strikeouts . The Reds led 3 - 0 and 4 - 2 before the Marlins scored three runs to take a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh , which opened with Arroyo hitting Greg Dobbs with a pitch . Brett Hayes then hit a hard shot into the left field corner , but had to stop at first as Dobbs hobbled into second	False
The Reds led 3 - 0 and 4 - 2 before the Marlins scored three runs to take a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh , which opened with Arroyo hitting Greg Dobbs with a pitch . Brett Hayes then hit a hard shot into the left field corner , but had to stop at first as Dobbs hobbled into second , where Gaby Sanchez ran for him . Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan lined a double to the right-center field wall to drive in Sanchez and push Hayes to third	False
The Marlins arrived at 3 a.m. after opening their new ballpark in Miami with a 4 - 1 loss to St. Louis on Wednesday night . They managed only four hits off the defending World Series champions , and were n't any better after a few hours of sleep in Cincinnati . Florida managed only three hits off Cueto and a bullpen depleted by the loss of closer Ryan Madson and setup man Nick Masset . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Marlins arrived at 3 a.m. after opening their new ballpark in Miami with a 4 - 1 loss to St. Louis on Wednesday night . They managed only four hits off the defending World Series champions , and were n't any better after a few hours of sleep in Cincinnati . Florida managed only three hits off Cueto and a bullpen depleted by the loss of closer Ryan Madson and setup man Nick Masset . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect eighth , and fill-in closer Sean Marshall retired the side in order in the ninth	True
The Marlins also went on a spending spree leading up to the opening of their new ballpark , shelling out $ 191 million to acquire NL batting champion Jose Reyes , Buehrle and All-Star closer Heath Bell in a move to make the franchise a contender overnight . They also hired manager Ozzie Guillen to oversee the fresh start . Buehrle struggled with his control in the first inning on a windy , 60-degree afternoon . He escaped a bases-loaded , one - out threat by allowing only Bruce 's sacrifice fly to the warning track in center . Doubles by Scott Rolen and Ludwick made it 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
Buehrle struggled with his control in the first inning on a windy , 60-degree afternoon . He escaped a bases-loaded , one - out threat by allowing only Bruce 's sacrifice fly to the warning track in center . Doubles by Scott Rolen and Ludwick made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . Both starters picked a runner off first	False
The Brewers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning when Rickie Weeks hit an RBI single and Taylor Green scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Martin Maldonado . Billingsley got one of the runs back in the bottom half , driving in Jerry Hairston Jr. with a two - out single for his first RBI of the season . But Greinke minimized the damage , throwing a called third strike past A. J. Ellis with the bases loaded , and Ramirez increased Milwaukee 's margin to 4 - 1 in the third	True
Billingsley got one of the runs back in the bottom half , driving in Jerry Hairston Jr. with a two - out single for his first RBI of the season . But Greinke minimized the damage , throwing a called third strike past A. J. Ellis with the bases loaded , and Ramirez increased Milwaukee 's margin to 4 - 1 in the third with a two - run homer to left on an 0 - 2 pitch . Billingsley retired the first two batters in the fifth	True
Sale ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run , three hits and walked two in 7 1/3 innings while finishing one strikeout shy of the team record . Jack Harshman struck out 16 against Boston on July 25 , 1954 . Sale struck out his 15th batter , Jose Molina , with a runner on third	False
Sale ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run , three hits and walked two in 7 1/3 innings while finishing one strikeout shy of the team record . Jack Harshman struck out 16 against Boston on July 25 , 1954 . Sale struck out his 15th batter , Jose Molina , with a runner on third and two outs in the seventh	True
Sale ( 6 - 2 ) gave up one run , three hits and walked two in 7 1/3 innings while finishing one strikeout shy of the team record . Jack Harshman struck out 16 against Boston on July 25 , 1954 . Sale struck out his 15th batter , Jose Molina , with a runner on third and two outs in the seventh . He retired his final batter , Rich Thompson , on a grounder to lead off the eighth	True
The 15 strikeouts was the most ever by one pitcher at Tropicana Field . After Jesse Crain got the final two outs in the eighth	True
The 15 strikeouts was the most ever by one pitcher at Tropicana Field . After Jesse Crain got the final two outs in the eighth , Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
After Jesse Crain got the final two outs in the eighth , Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his fifth save and complete a three - hitter . Chicago took a 2 - 1 lead during the sixth	True
The White Sox had scored at least nine runs in each of their previous four games . Chicago 's Paul Konerko , who had his average drop four point to .395 , went 1 for 4 . He flared an opposite-field single to right during the ninth	True
Chicago 's Paul Konerko , who had his average drop four point to .395 , went 1 for 4 . He flared an opposite-field single to right during the ninth that extended his hitting streak to 14 games . Ben Zobrist singled , stole second	False
Chicago 's Paul Konerko , who had his average drop four point to .395 , went 1 for 4 . He flared an opposite-field single to right during the ninth that extended his hitting streak to 14 games . Ben Zobrist singled , stole second and scored to put the Rays up 1 - 0 on Jose Lobaton 's RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Zobrist singled , stole second and scored to put the Rays up 1 - 0 on Jose Lobaton 's RBI single in the fourth . Lobaton was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game . He was out since April 13 due to right shoulder soreness . Zobrist , playing in right field , took a hit away from A. J. Pierzynski in the second	True
The Rockies won the opener 9 - 7 and the nightcap 7 - 6 when Fowler capped his big day with a game-ending triple off Brett Myers with one out in the 10th inning . When right fielder Brian Bogusevic turned his back and gave chase rather than try to cut it off , the ball scooted into the corner . Fowler was n't even to second base when he thrust his right arm into the air in celebration , certain that Michael Cuddyer would score from first	False
After Cuddyer slid across home plate ahead of the throw , Fowler ripped off his helmet and threw it across the field in excitement as his teammates streamed out of the dugout to mob him . The Rockies had entered the day 6 - 18 in May and Fowler had struggled so mightily he was dropped to eighth	True
Coming into the Memorial Day twin-bill , Fowler had just two hits over his previous eight games , with both hits being pinch-hit home runs . He 'd also been nursing a sprained right ankle that he hurt in Miami when he slipped in the dugout last week jumping up to high-five Gonzalez . Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Myers fell to 0 - 2 . In the opener , struggling right-hander Jeremy Guthrie finally found a way to contribute to a Rockies victory . Pinch-running for Jason Giambi in the eighth	True
In the opener , struggling right-hander Jeremy Guthrie finally found a way to contribute to a Rockies victory . Pinch-running for Jason Giambi in the eighth , he scored the go-ahead run in Colorado 's 9 - 7 victory . Fowler collected three hits and scored twice in the opener , then did more damage in the nightcap , leading off the game with a homer off Jordan Lyles , singling and scoring in the third	True
In the opener , struggling right-hander Jeremy Guthrie finally found a way to contribute to a Rockies victory . Pinch-running for Jason Giambi in the eighth , he scored the go-ahead run in Colorado 's 9 - 7 victory . Fowler collected three hits and scored twice in the opener , then did more damage in the nightcap , leading off the game with a homer off Jordan Lyles , singling and scoring in the third and drawing a two - out , full-count , bases-loaded walk in the fourth	True
Fowler collected three hits and scored twice in the opener , then did more damage in the nightcap , leading off the game with a homer off Jordan Lyles , singling and scoring in the third and drawing a two - out , full-count , bases-loaded walk in the fourth that was followed by Marco Scutaro 's bases-clearing double . After Bogusevic 's two - run homer off Alex White gave the Astros a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the third	True
Fowler collected three hits and scored twice in the opener , then did more damage in the nightcap , leading off the game with a homer off Jordan Lyles , singling and scoring in the third and drawing a two - out , full-count , bases-loaded walk in the fourth that was followed by Marco Scutaro 's bases-clearing double . After Bogusevic 's two - run homer off Alex White gave the Astros a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the third , Fowler bunted his way aboard in the bottom half of the inning and went all the way to third	False
After Bogusevic 's two - run homer off Alex White gave the Astros a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the third , Fowler bunted his way aboard in the bottom half of the inning and went all the way to third on third baseman Matt Downs ' throwing error . He scored on Gonzalez 's groundout . Houston scored twice more in the fourth	True
After Bogusevic 's two - run homer off Alex White gave the Astros a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the third , Fowler bunted his way aboard in the bottom half of the inning and went all the way to third on third baseman Matt Downs ' throwing error . He scored on Gonzalez 's groundout . Houston scored twice more in the fourth , when Chris Snyder hit a solo homer , his third	False
With the score tied at 7 , Astros shortstop Jed Lowrie fielded Fowler 's two - out roller and flipped to second baseman Jose Altuve , who was n't expecting the throw and did n't cover the bag . The ball hit Guthrie 's right foot and bounced into no-man 's land in center field . Quickly realizing the situation , Guthrie raced to third	False
With the score tied at 7 , Astros shortstop Jed Lowrie fielded Fowler 's two - out roller and flipped to second baseman Jose Altuve , who was n't expecting the throw and did n't cover the bag . The ball hit Guthrie 's right foot and bounced into no-man 's land in center field . Quickly realizing the situation , Guthrie raced to third and Fowler scooted into second	False
Fowler was credited with a single and Lowrie got an error , setting the stage for Jordan Pacheco , who blooped a single to center off Fernando Rodriguez ( 1 - 5 ) , scoring both runners . Matt Belisle ( 2 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless inning of relief , and Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth	True
Still showing a black eye after getting hit in the face by a pitch last Friday , Konerko had three hits and scored three times . Konerko connected in the seventh	True
Konerko connected in the seventh for his ninth homer of the season . He 's hitting .548 ( 17 - of - 31 ) during a nine - game hitting streak and his .381 average for the season is two points better than Texas ' Josh Hamilton for the AL lead . Rios sent a two - run homer into the Twins ' bullpen in left field in the fourth	True
Sale permitted just one runner past first base and was aided by a pair of double plays . He 's made a seamless return to the rotation over his past three outings after a brief shift to the bullpen , the team 's response to his elbow soreness . Chicago scored an unearned run in the first	True
Sale permitted just one runner past first base and was aided by a pair of double plays . He 's made a seamless return to the rotation over his past three outings after a brief shift to the bullpen , the team 's response to his elbow soreness . Chicago scored an unearned run in the first on Adam Dunn 's RBI single , helped by an error from second baseman Jamey Carroll . The White Sox tacked on two more unearned runs in the sixth	True
Morrow ( 5 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked one to win for the fifth time in six outings . He has three career shutouts , including a victory over the Los Angeles Angels on May 3 . Morrow also benefited from a call in the ninth	True
Morrow ( 5 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked one to win for the fifth time in six outings . He has three career shutouts , including a victory over the Los Angeles Angels on May 3 . Morrow also benefited from a call in the ninth . Pinch-hitter Scott Hairston led off with a walk and went to third	False
Rather than dealing with a potential Mets rally , Morrow swiftly ended the game by getting Daniel Murphy to line out to shortstop . Led by Morrow , Toronto matched its season high by winning its fourth	False
New York lost for the sixth time in nine games and saw starter Miguel Batista leave with a sore lower back after two scoreless innings . The right-hander warmed up for the third	True
The right-hander warmed up for the third but had to be replaced by righty Jeremy Hefner , who was recalled from Triple-A Buffalo before the game . Batista said he tweaked a muscle in his back throwing a 3 - 2 cutter to Eric Thames in the second	True
Batista said he tweaked a muscle in his back throwing a 3 - 2 cutter to Eric Thames in the second . Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) held the Blue Jays in check until the fifth	True
Batista said he tweaked a muscle in his back throwing a 3 - 2 cutter to Eric Thames in the second . Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) held the Blue Jays in check until the fifth , when ninth-place hitter Jeff Mathis singled with two outs . Kelly Johnson doubled to center and the ball got past Andres Torres for an error , allowing Mathis to score the opening run and sending Johnson to third	False
Wright , whose .409 batting average is highest in the majors , was held out of the lineup . Collins said the third baseman is still slowed by an illness and could be kept out of Sunday 's series finale . Morrow set down the first seven batters he faced before Ronny Cedeno singled through the right side in the third	True
Wright , whose .409 batting average is highest in the majors , was held out of the lineup . Collins said the third baseman is still slowed by an illness and could be kept out of Sunday 's series finale . Morrow set down the first seven batters he faced before Ronny Cedeno singled through the right side in the third . Unfazed , Morrow retired the next 13 Mets batters in order , a streak that ended with Lucas Duda 's two - out double to right in the seventh	True
Zambrano , often combative and tempermental earlier in his career , pitched seven strong innings to help the Miami Marlins open interleague play by beating the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 Friday night . Miami broke a 2 - 2 tie in the eighth	True
`` I was a little worried because they have so many lefties in their lineup and he 's had trouble with lefties sometimes , but he did well . '' Heath Bell worked the ninth	True
Zambrano walked five , including Johnny Damon three times . Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth	True
Zambrano walked five , including Johnny Damon three times . Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth with a walk off Tony Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) and was bunted to second	False
Zambrano walked five , including Johnny Damon three times . Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth with a walk off Tony Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) and was bunted to second by Jose Reyes . Right-hander Joe Smith came on and got Omar Infante to hit a bouncer back to him . Smith whirled and threw to second	False
Zambrano walked five , including Johnny Damon three times . Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth with a walk off Tony Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) and was bunted to second by Jose Reyes . Right-hander Joe Smith came on and got Omar Infante to hit a bouncer back to him . Smith whirled and threw to second , but the ball hit Petersen and rolled into right field for an error , putting Marlins on first	False
Zambrano walked five , including Johnny Damon three times . Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth with a walk off Tony Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) and was bunted to second by Jose Reyes . Right-hander Joe Smith came on and got Omar Infante to hit a bouncer back to him . Smith whirled and threw to second , but the ball hit Petersen and rolled into right field for an error , putting Marlins on first and third	False
Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth with a walk off Tony Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) and was bunted to second by Jose Reyes . Right-hander Joe Smith came on and got Omar Infante to hit a bouncer back to him . Smith whirled and threw to second , but the ball hit Petersen and rolled into right field for an error , putting Marlins on first and third . Ramirez then flied out to center , scoring Petersen for the second time . Petersen also walked to open the third	True
Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth with a walk off Tony Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) and was bunted to second by Jose Reyes . Right-hander Joe Smith came on and got Omar Infante to hit a bouncer back to him . Smith whirled and threw to second , but the ball hit Petersen and rolled into right field for an error , putting Marlins on first and third . Ramirez then flied out to center , scoring Petersen for the second time . Petersen also walked to open the third against Indians starter Justin Masterson , was singled to third	False
Ramirez then flied out to center , scoring Petersen for the second time . Petersen also walked to open the third against Indians starter Justin Masterson , was singled to third by Reyes and scored on Infante 's forceout grounder . Masterson , aware that Bonifacio was 20 for 20 in steals , threw over to first base four times to keep the runner close in the fifth	True
Masterson , aware that Bonifacio was 20 for 20 in steals , threw over to first base four times to keep the runner close in the fifth . On one of the pickoff attempts , Bonifacio jammed his hand as he dove back to the base . He then was thrown out by catcher Carlos Santana . Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Damon drew a two - out walk and scored from first	False
Damon drew a two - out walk and scored from first on Casey Kotchman 's ground double into the right-field corner . After Jose Lopez walked , Shin-Soo Choo singled home Kotchman . The Marlins tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
The 19-year-old Harper was 2 - for - 3 with a walk . Xavier Avery led off the Orioles first inning with a walk and one out later moved to third	False
The 19-year-old Harper was 2 - for - 3 with a walk . Xavier Avery led off the Orioles first inning with a walk and one out later moved to third on Markakis ' double to left center . Jones sent a sharp grounder off Jackson 's left heel . The ball caromed behind the mound , allowing Avery to score from third	False
Jackson escaped further damage by inducing Wieters into an inning-ending double-play grounder . He then settled in , striking out the side in the second inning . Held scoreless by Arrieta through five innings , the Nationals tied the game in the sixth	True
Brian Matusz ( 3 - 4 ) won for the third time in four starts after enduring a career-worst 12-decision losing streak . He allowed three runs on seven hits and a walk in six innings . Relievers Luis Ayala and Pedro Strop made it through two innings unscathed , and Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
Relievers Luis Ayala and Pedro Strop made it through two innings unscathed , and Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his 14th save . He 's converted 22 straight since Aug. 14 , 2011 . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) pitched well for six innings . His only real miscue was the two - run homer by Jones in the fourth	True
Relievers Luis Ayala and Pedro Strop made it through two innings unscathed , and Jim Johnson worked the ninth for his 14th save . He 's converted 22 straight since Aug. 14 , 2011 . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 4 ) pitched well for six innings . His only real miscue was the two - run homer by Jones in the fourth . But the right-hander ran into trouble in the seventh	True
On Wednesday night , LaRoche broke open a tight game with a three - run double for his 1,000th career hit after homering for No . 999 , Gio Gonzalez took over the NL strikeout lead from teammate Stephen Strasburg by fanning 10 in seven innings , and Washington beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 . Batting fourth	True
LaRoche , for his part , said he is n't motivated by any of that sort of chatter as much as by an inner desire to make up for a lost 2011 . LaRoche and Xavier Nady -- teammates in Pittsburgh in 2007 - 08 -- hit consecutive homers off Erik Bedard ( 2 - 5 ) in the sixth	True
LaRoche , who also singled in the first inning , did n't realize exactly where his total was until he turned to see the scoreboard noting his milestone . Nationals reliever Tyler Clippard let in one run in the eighth	True
This time , the second batter Bedard faced , 19-year-old Bryce Harper , barely missed connecting for a homer in the third consecutive game , sending a shot high off the out-of-town scoreboard on the wall in right field and ending up with his first major league triple . Ryan Zimmerman 's groundout drove home Harper . Desmond made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
Desmond made it 2 - 0 in the third with his fifth homer , and LaRoche and Nady made it 4 - 0 in a three - pitch span three innings later . In the seventh	True
Then Gray came back for the fourth : groundout , flyout , flyout . Gray and the bullpen kept the Detroit bats under control , and the Twins went on to win 11 - 7 on Wednesday night . Jamey Carroll hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
Blackburn was pulled at the end of the second inning , having allowed six runs and six hits . He was bothered by a problem with his left thigh . The Twins also placed catcher Ryan Doumit on the 15-day disabled list after the game because of a strained right calf . They will recall outfielder Ben Revere from Triple-A Rochester for Thursday 's game at Detroit . Miguel Cabrera hit an RBI double off Gray in the fifth	True
Blackburn was pulled at the end of the second inning , having allowed six runs and six hits . He was bothered by a problem with his left thigh . The Twins also placed catcher Ryan Doumit on the 15-day disabled list after the game because of a strained right calf . They will recall outfielder Ben Revere from Triple-A Rochester for Thursday 's game at Detroit . Miguel Cabrera hit an RBI double off Gray in the fifth to give the Tigers a 7 - 6 lead , but Carroll came up with men on first	False
Blackburn was pulled at the end of the second inning , having allowed six runs and six hits . He was bothered by a problem with his left thigh . The Twins also placed catcher Ryan Doumit on the 15-day disabled list after the game because of a strained right calf . They will recall outfielder Ben Revere from Triple-A Rochester for Thursday 's game at Detroit . Miguel Cabrera hit an RBI double off Gray in the fifth to give the Tigers a 7 - 6 lead , but Carroll came up with men on first and second	False
Miguel Cabrera hit an RBI double off Gray in the fifth to give the Tigers a 7 - 6 lead , but Carroll came up with men on first and second an inning later . His double off Duane Below ( 2 - 1 ) scored both runners . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer for Minnesota in the second	True
Minnesota 's Justin Morneau went 1 for 5 with a double in his first game back after being on the disabled list with a sore left wrist . Alex Burnett ( 1 - 0 ) got the win . He was the second	False
Detroit is 9 - 16 since a 9 - 3 start and is now dealing with injuries to closer Jose Valverde ( strained lower back ) and center fielder Austin Jackson ( mild abdominal strain ) . Both are day to day . Jackson left Wednesday 's game after hitting a flyout in the fourth inning . In a sign of things to come , first baseman Prince Fielder dropped a routine throw with one out in the first	True
Josh Willingham 's double made it 2 - 0 . It was 2 - 1 in the second	True
Doumit 's RBI single in the third tied the game at 6 , and Cabrera -- the third baseman -- made Detroit 's fourth error of the game later that inning . The Tigers became the first team since the New York Yankees in 2009 to have errors from all four infield spots in a game , according to STATS , LLC . Gray came on in the third	True
Detroit starter Rick Porcello allowed six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in four innings . Down 9 - 7 in the seventh	True
Detroit starter Rick Porcello allowed six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in four innings . Down 9 - 7 in the seventh , the Tigers put men on second	False
Detroit starter Rick Porcello allowed six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in four innings . Down 9 - 7 in the seventh , the Tigers put men on second and third	False
The Angels ' inability to put up runs finally led to a change when the team announced about 90 minutes after the finish that it had fired hitting coach Mickey Hatcher . Los Angeles , which has been shut out a club-record eight times already this season , promoted Jim Eppard from Triple-A Salt Lake to replace Hatcher . Santana retired every Oakland batter between Cliff Pennington 's first-inning double and Jemile Weeks ' bouncing single under Pujols ' glove in the sixth	True
Colon was n't awful , but the 38-year-old could n't match the eight scoreless innings he threw at Angel Stadium last month . He 's 0 - 3 with 43 hits allowed in his last five starts since a 3 - 1 beginning to the season . Los Angeles rallied for two runs in the third inning when Trout singled and scored standing up on Callaspo 's double down the right-field line . Pujols then drove home Callaspo from second	False
Los Angeles rallied for two runs in the third inning when Trout singled and scored standing up on Callaspo 's double down the right-field line . Pujols then drove home Callaspo from second when Weeks knocked down his grounder to short , but could n't make a play . The Angels added another run on another tough-to-play grounder to short by Pujols in the fifth	True
Los Angeles rallied for two runs in the third inning when Trout singled and scored standing up on Callaspo 's double down the right-field line . Pujols then drove home Callaspo from second when Weeks knocked down his grounder to short , but could n't make a play . The Angels added another run on another tough-to-play grounder to short by Pujols in the fifth . Oakland finally solved Santana in the sixth	True
The Angels added another run on another tough-to-play grounder to short by Pujols in the fifth . Oakland finally solved Santana in the sixth , loading the bases on a single and two walks , but Santana struck out Seth Smith on three pitches . Trout hit his third homer of the season to straightaway center leading off the seventh	True
The Indians won 30 of their first 45 last season , becoming one of the surprise teams in the league as they grabbed first place in the division right out of the gates before fading to the Detroit Tigers . They started this season 17 - 10 , and are hoping to stick around the race a little longer this time . Gomez did his best to stop the skid , allowing one unearned run and three hits with three strikeouts and two walks . But Vinnie Pestano gave up an RBI double to Josh Willingham in the eighth	True
Gomez did his best to stop the skid , allowing one unearned run and three hits with three strikeouts and two walks . But Vinnie Pestano gave up an RBI double to Josh Willingham in the eighth and Nick Hagadone served up a two - run homer to Ryan Doumit to tie the game 4 - 4 . Chris Perez pitched the ninth	True
But the White Sox roughed up Gomez his last time out , tagging him for eight runs in 6 2/3 innings . The right-hander was able to stabilize himself on Monday night to put the Indians in position to end a three - game losing streak -- their longest of the season . Darin Mastroianni scored on a throwing error from catcher Carlos Santana to put the Twins up 1 - 0 in the third	True
But the White Sox roughed up Gomez his last time out , tagging him for eight runs in 6 2/3 innings . The right-hander was able to stabilize himself on Monday night to put the Indians in position to end a three - game losing streak -- their longest of the season . Darin Mastroianni scored on a throwing error from catcher Carlos Santana to put the Twins up 1 - 0 in the third , but that was all they could muster against Gomez , who wiggled out of another jam in the fifth	True
Darin Mastroianni scored on a throwing error from catcher Carlos Santana to put the Twins up 1 - 0 in the third , but that was all they could muster against Gomez , who wiggled out of another jam in the fifth . The Twins had runners on second	False
Darin Mastroianni scored on a throwing error from catcher Carlos Santana to put the Twins up 1 - 0 in the third , but that was all they could muster against Gomez , who wiggled out of another jam in the fifth . The Twins had runners on second and third	False
Darin Mastroianni scored on a throwing error from catcher Carlos Santana to put the Twins up 1 - 0 in the third , but that was all they could muster against Gomez , who wiggled out of another jam in the fifth . The Twins had runners on second and third and one out , but Gomez got Brian Dozier to ground out to first	False
Darin Mastroianni scored on a throwing error from catcher Carlos Santana to put the Twins up 1 - 0 in the third , but that was all they could muster against Gomez , who wiggled out of another jam in the fifth . The Twins had runners on second and third and one out , but Gomez got Brian Dozier to ground out to first and Joe Mauer on a grounder to second	False
The Twins had runners on second and third and one out , but Gomez got Brian Dozier to ground out to first and Joe Mauer on a grounder to second , drawing boos from the home crowd . Santana and Travis Hafner had RBIs in the fourth	True
The Twins had runners on second and third and one out , but Gomez got Brian Dozier to ground out to first and Joe Mauer on a grounder to second , drawing boos from the home crowd . Santana and Travis Hafner had RBIs in the fourth before Kotchman smashed his third homer of the year well into the seats in right field in the fifth	True
Twins starter Carl Pavano gave up four runs and six hits in six innings while pitching through some soreness in his shoulder . He was relieved in the seventh	True
He was relieved in the seventh by Francisco Liriano , the lefty 's first appearance out of the bullpen since being demoted from the starting rotation last week . Liriano went 0 - 5 with a 9.45 ERA in his first six starts . Liriano pitched two scoreless innings with three strikeouts . Indians 3B Jack Hannahan did not play because of a sore back .. .. Twins manager Ron Gardenhire said INF Alexi Casilla is the team 's utility player after the shuffle that brought Dozier up from Triple-A and moved Jamey Carroll to 2B . Gardenhire planned to play Casilla on Tuesday .. .. It was Liriano 's first relief appearance since Sept. 24 when he gave up five earned runs in one - third	True
Up stepped Tony Gwynn Jr. , who came through with an RBI single off Matt Belisle to help the Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 1 on Saturday night and improved the best record in the majors to 22 - 11 . James Loney led off the eighth	True
James Loney led off the eighth with an infield single against reliever Josh Outman ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on A. J. Ellis ' sacrifice bunt and came home when Gwynn lined an 0 - 2 pitch to left field . Harang ( 2 - 2 ) allowed a run on four hits and escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third	True
Harang and Colorado right-hander Juan Nicasio dueled to a 1 - 1 tie through seven innings in a rematch of their April 30 encounter at Coors Field , when Nicasio threw a career-high 115 pitches over six innings and allowed two runs in a 6 - 2 win . Nicasio gave up five hits , struck out nine and walked none . Nicasio , aided by a double play in the first	True
Harang and Colorado right-hander Juan Nicasio dueled to a 1 - 1 tie through seven innings in a rematch of their April 30 encounter at Coors Field , when Nicasio threw a career-high 115 pitches over six innings and allowed two runs in a 6 - 2 win . Nicasio gave up five hits , struck out nine and walked none . Nicasio , aided by a double play in the first , faced the minimum number of batters through four . But Andre Ethier led off the fifth	True
Nicasio , aided by a double play in the first , faced the minimum number of batters through four . But Andre Ethier led off the fifth with a double and scored on a one - out broken-bat bloop single to center by Juan Uribe -- one pitch after catcher Wilin Rosario went to the mound to discuss with Nicasio what he should throw on the 0 - 2 count . Rockies center fielder Tyler Colvin , making his ninth start of the season because Tracy wanted to get his bat in the lineup , tied it in the seventh	True
Rockies center fielder Tyler Colvin , making his ninth start of the season because Tracy wanted to get his bat in the lineup , tied it in the seventh with his third homer -- sending a 2 - 0 delivery deep into the right-field pavilion on a four - seamer that Harang tried to get inside on him but ran back over the plate . Right before the home run , Michael Cuddyer grounded into a double play following a leadoff single by Todd Helton . The Rockies wasted a great scoring chance in the third	True
It was all the Blue Jays needed , with the Twins sputtering offensively and Hutchison showing poise in just his fifth appearance above Double-A . Hutchinson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three hits with four walks and four strikeouts . Minnesota 's run came in the fourth	True
The struggling Twins offense could n't come up with a timely hit . Minnesota went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position and stranded six runners over the final four innings . Hutchison breezed through his first three innings before running into trouble in the fourth	True
Hutchison breezed through his first three innings before running into trouble in the fourth , when he gave up the bases-loaded walk to Trevor Plouffe to give Minnesota a 1 - 0 lead . The Jays tied it the next inning on Adam Lind 's RBI single that scored Colby Rasmus . Brian Dozier led off the sixth	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- With his team up by one , the potential tying run on third	False
To help make his decision , Gardenhire channeled his predecessor , former Twins manager Tom Kelly . Matt Capps got Bautista to pop out to third	False
Mastroianni 's single in the fifth scored Josh Willingham and Doumit to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . Bautista led off the sixth	True
Bautista led off the sixth with his second home run of the night , and Thames followed two batters later with a two - run shot that landed in front of the black batter 's eye in center field . After Mastroianni drove in an insurance run in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays entered with the third-highest walk total in the American League . Four pitchers walked nine Twins in the game , and five of Minnesota 's seven runs reached base via walk . Minnesota failed to capitalize early , however , going 1 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position before getting four runs in the fifth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- In their latest comeback win , the New York Mets got some help from the opposition . Lucas Duda had a tiebreaking , two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
Hunter Pence homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . The Mets took the lead in the seventh	True
The Mets took the lead in the seventh with four two - out runs on four hits , including Duda 's single to right off Antonio Bastardo ( 1 - 2 ) that drove in Wright with the go-ahead run . Kirk Nieuwenhuis ' RBI single to right scored Jordany Valdespin and pulled New York to 4 - 2 . Chad Qualls replaced starter Joe Blanton and gave up a single to right by Wright that drove in Andres Torres . Pence 's throw home was n't cut off by first baseman John Mayberry Jr. and Wright got caught in a rundown between first	False
Kirk Nieuwenhuis ' RBI single to right scored Jordany Valdespin and pulled New York to 4 - 2 . Chad Qualls replaced starter Joe Blanton and gave up a single to right by Wright that drove in Andres Torres . Pence 's throw home was n't cut off by first baseman John Mayberry Jr. and Wright got caught in a rundown between first and second base . However , after Rollins threw to first	False
Kirk Nieuwenhuis ' RBI single to right scored Jordany Valdespin and pulled New York to 4 - 2 . Chad Qualls replaced starter Joe Blanton and gave up a single to right by Wright that drove in Andres Torres . Pence 's throw home was n't cut off by first baseman John Mayberry Jr. and Wright got caught in a rundown between first and second base . However , after Rollins threw to first while second base was uncovered , second baseman Pete Orr tried to get Nieuwenhuis off the bag at third	False
Kirk Nieuwenhuis ' RBI single to right scored Jordany Valdespin and pulled New York to 4 - 2 . Chad Qualls replaced starter Joe Blanton and gave up a single to right by Wright that drove in Andres Torres . Pence 's throw home was n't cut off by first baseman John Mayberry Jr. and Wright got caught in a rundown between first and second base . However , after Rollins threw to first while second base was uncovered , second baseman Pete Orr tried to get Nieuwenhuis off the bag at third , but his throw bounced past third baseman Placido Polanco , allowing Nieuwenhuis to score and Wright to reach third	False
Duda followed with his tiebreaking hit . The Mets added two runs in the ninth	True
The Mets added two runs in the ninth on Nieuwenhuis 's sacrifice fly and Duda 's single . Manny Acosta ( 1 - 2 ) did n't allow a run or hit in two - thirds of an inning in the sixth	True
Batista , making his second start of the season for the Mets , gave up four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . Batista was taking the spot in the rotation vacated by Mike Pelfrey , who had season-ending Tommy John surgery last week . Pence gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Pence gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first with a two - run homer , a 414-foot drive to left-center . Philadelphia , helped by two Mets errors , scored twice more in the second	True
Pence gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first with a two - run homer , a 414-foot drive to left-center . Philadelphia , helped by two Mets errors , scored twice more in the second . Mayberry led off and reached second	False
Philadelphia , helped by two Mets errors , scored twice more in the second . Mayberry led off and reached second on a throwing error by shortstop Valdespin . Orr singled home Mayberry and Shane Victorino doubled to left-center to score Orr . The Mets got on the board in the fourth	True
The Mets got on the board in the fourth . Nieuwenhuis started the inning with New York 's first hit off Blanton , a double to right-center , and scored on Daniel Murphy 's one - out single to left . The Phillies got a runner to third	False
The Mets got on the board in the fourth . Nieuwenhuis started the inning with New York 's first hit off Blanton , a double to right-center , and scored on Daniel Murphy 's one - out single to left . The Phillies got a runner to third with one out in the eighth	True
Zambrano hit Schafer on the right leg with a pitch in the sixth inning . Schafer fell to his knees writhing in pain before getting up and walking gingerly to first base while talking with Mills and a trainer . Schafer said after the game that he was sore but OK . Altuve grounded into a double play to get Zambrano out of that inning . He sailed through the next two frames , retiring six in a row with two strikeouts , to reach the ninth	True
MILWAUKEE -- Jay Bruce and the Cincinnati Reds needed just 11 pitches to spoil Marco Estrada 's strong first three innings . Bruce hit a three - run home run to cap a five - run fourth	True
Bruce hit a three - run home run to cap a five - run fourth , leading the Reds to a 6 - 1 victory over the Brewers on Monday night . Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) used 43 pitches to set the Reds down in order each of the first three innings but gave up five runs in just 11 pitches to open the fourth	True
Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) used 43 pitches to set the Reds down in order each of the first three innings but gave up five runs in just 11 pitches to open the fourth . Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched solidly into the seventh inning , giving up only a homer to Ryan Braun in the first -- the NL MVP 's ninth	False
Bruce 's ninth home run extended his hitting streak to 10 games and gave the Reds a comfortable lead against Estrada . Arroyo exited with two on and two outs in the seventh	True
The Brewers played hours after learning that shortstop Alex Gonzalez tore his anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee Saturday and will miss the rest of the season . Milwaukee first baseman Mat Gamel ( torn ACL in right knee ) and fifth starter Chris Narveson ( torn left rotator cuff ) are also out with season-ending injuries . Estrada , making his third start in place of Narveson , pitched seven innings , giving up five runs on eight hits with five strikeouts . He retired the first nine batters he faced before falling apart in the fourth	True
Joey Votto went into an 0 - 2 hole but hit the sixth pitch from Estrada down the right-field line for a double , scoring Stubbs and giving the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . Brandon Phillips followed with a first-pitch single to right , moving Votto to third	False
Bruce then hit a 1 - 0 pitch deep onto the right-center field concourse , giving the Reds a 5 - 1 lead . Milwaukee put runners on second	False
Bruce then hit a 1 - 0 pitch deep onto the right-center field concourse , giving the Reds a 5 - 1 lead . Milwaukee put runners on second and third	False
Bruce then hit a 1 - 0 pitch deep onto the right-center field concourse , giving the Reds a 5 - 1 lead . Milwaukee put runners on second and third with no outs in the fourth	True
Milwaukee put runners on second and third with no outs in the fourth , and loaded the bases with two outs in the inning . Cesar Izturis , starting in place of Gonzalez , popped out to end the inning . Pinch hitter Miguel Cairo 's ground-rule double scored Chris Heisey from second	False
Milwaukee put runners on second and third with no outs in the fourth , and loaded the bases with two outs in the inning . Cesar Izturis , starting in place of Gonzalez , popped out to end the inning . Pinch hitter Miguel Cairo 's ground-rule double scored Chris Heisey from second to make it 6 - 1 in the ninth	True
Tampa Bay dropped its second straight , falling to 13 - 3 at home , and failed again to become the first major league team to reach 20 wins . The 34-year-old Inge , dumped by Detroit on April 26 after 11 seasons with the Tigers , hit a three - run shot off Moore ( 1 - 2 ) in the third inning to give the A 's a 5 - 4 lead after Tommy Milone struggled in the first	True
The A 's wrapped up a 5 - 4 East Coast road trip against Baltimore , Boston and Tampa Bay , winning series against the Red Sox and Rays . Inge , an All-Star in 2009 when he had 84 RBIs , added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Inge , an All-Star in 2009 when he had 84 RBIs , added a sacrifice fly in the seventh for his first game with at least four RBIs since July 5 , 2010 , against Minnesota . The third baseman was 1 for 10 with four strikeouts in the two previous games . Milone ( 4 - 2 ) threw 41 pitches in a four - run first	True
Inge , an All-Star in 2009 when he had 84 RBIs , added a sacrifice fly in the seventh for his first game with at least four RBIs since July 5 , 2010 , against Minnesota . The third baseman was 1 for 10 with four strikeouts in the two previous games . Milone ( 4 - 2 ) threw 41 pitches in a four - run first that included a two - run single by Matt Joyce , three walks and a hit batter . Milone then settled down until B. J. Upton hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Cook has not allowed a run in 14 2/3 relief innings . Moore gave up a career-high eight runs in 4 2/3 innings and struck out four . He struggled to get through a five - run third	True
Moore gave up a career-high eight runs in 4 2/3 innings and struck out four . He struggled to get through a five - run third by the A 's that included RBI singles by Gomes and Cuban rookie Yoenis Cespedes . Gomes added an RBI double and Barton bought in two more in a three - run fifth	True
Porcello pitched impressively into the seventh inning and Detroit beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Sunday . The Tigers left 12 runners on base , but solo homers by Austin Jackson , Prince Fielder and Andy Dirks provided all the scoring they needed . Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third	True
Porcello pitched impressively into the seventh inning and Detroit beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Sunday . The Tigers left 12 runners on base , but solo homers by Austin Jackson , Prince Fielder and Andy Dirks provided all the scoring they needed . Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first	True
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second	False
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth	False
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth . The Tigers had 10 hits but could never quite break the game open . Alex Avila hit into a double play with runners on first	False
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth . The Tigers had 10 hits but could never quite break the game open . Alex Avila hit into a double play with runners on first and third	False
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth . The Tigers had 10 hits but could never quite break the game open . Alex Avila hit into a double play with runners on first and third to end the fifth	True
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth . The Tigers had 10 hits but could never quite break the game open . Alex Avila hit into a double play with runners on first and third to end the fifth . Dirks popped out to end the sixth	False
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth . The Tigers had 10 hits but could never quite break the game open . Alex Avila hit into a double play with runners on first and third to end the fifth . Dirks popped out to end the sixth with runners on second	False
Fielder 's 432-foot shot to right-center -- his fourth homer of the year -- broke a 1-all tie in the third . Jackson homered for the Tigers in the first after Adam Dunn gave Chicago an early lead with a solo shot in the top half . Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth . The Tigers had 10 hits but could never quite break the game open . Alex Avila hit into a double play with runners on first and third to end the fifth . Dirks popped out to end the sixth with runners on second and third	False
Dirks batted second and fellow outfielder Brennan Boesch was dropped to eighth . The Tigers had 10 hits but could never quite break the game open . Alex Avila hit into a double play with runners on first and third to end the fifth . Dirks popped out to end the sixth with runners on second and third . With the bases loaded and two outs in the seventh	True
With the bases loaded and two outs in the seventh , Boesch hit a routine fly . Dirks finally added an insurance run with his homer to right in the eighth	True
Dirks finally added an insurance run with his homer to right in the eighth . Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed a run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . Four relievers finished for the Tigers , with Jose Valverde pitching the ninth	True
Valverde gave up a hit and a walk but struck out Gordon Beckham to end it . Dunn 's solo shot in the first	True
Dunn 's solo shot in the first was his ninth homer of the season , but that was all the scoring for the White Sox . Porcello struck out five and walked two . Jackson led off the bottom of the first	True
Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the year . Chicago outfielder Dayan Viciedo left in the seventh	True
CINCINNATI -- An unprecedented matchup of birthday-celebrating starters came down to the bullpens . Carlos Marmol got a little wild , lost a three - run lead and , perhaps , his job as well . The Cincinnati Reds scored three runs in the ninth	True
Both pitchers signed baseballs for the Hall of Fame . The Reds stood at the plate and watched Marmol self-destruct in the ninth	True
Marmol has blown three of his five save chances , walking 12 in 8 2/3 innings . Manager Dale Sveum said after the game that he 'll consider moving him out of the closer 's role . Another error helped the Reds win it . Zack Cozart singled in the 10th	True
Marmol has blown three of his five save chances , walking 12 in 8 2/3 innings . Manager Dale Sveum said after the game that he 'll consider moving him out of the closer 's role . Another error helped the Reds win it . Zack Cozart singled in the 10th off Dolis , who then threw wildly to first base on Chris Heisey 's sacrifice attempt . Rolen followed with his sacrifice fly to deep right field . Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 10th	True
Signed as a free agent during the offseason , Cahill lowered his ERA to 3.13 with a 94-pitch gem . After Ian Desmond hit an RBI single , Bryan Shaw got the last two outs in the eighth	True
Signed as a free agent during the offseason , Cahill lowered his ERA to 3.13 with a 94-pitch gem . After Ian Desmond hit an RBI single , Bryan Shaw got the last two outs in the eighth and David Hernandez worked a perfect ninth	True
Justin Upton had two hits and two RBIs , and John McDonald and Miguel Montero each had two hits and an RBI for the Diamondbacks . Washington has scored only seven runs during its five - game skid . The Nationals were mired in a run of 17 straight scoreless innings before the eighth	True
Harper struck out on four pitches in his first trip to the plate , missing badly on his three swings , but the crowd cheered again as the 19-year-old walked back to the dugout . In this next at-bat , Harper grounded out on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fifth	True
Harper struck out on four pitches in his first trip to the plate , missing badly on his three swings , but the crowd cheered again as the 19-year-old walked back to the dugout . In this next at-bat , Harper grounded out on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fifth . He also grounded out in the seventh	True
In this next at-bat , Harper grounded out on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fifth . He also grounded out in the seventh . Harper did , however , play well in left field . After Jason Kubel led off the second	True
In this next at-bat , Harper grounded out on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fifth . He also grounded out in the seventh . Harper did , however , play well in left field . After Jason Kubel led off the second with a double , Harper fielded a single and threw a no-hopper to the infield to keep Kubel at third	False
Arizona got runners at the corners with one out in the second inning before Zimmermann struck out Cody Ransom and retired McDonald on a twisting liner to right field . The next time the Diamondbacks got a runner in scoring position , they did n't waste the opportunity . Paul Goldschmidt reached second	False
The next time the Diamondbacks got a runner in scoring position , they did n't waste the opportunity . Paul Goldschmidt reached second on a throwing error by Desmond from shortstop and McDonald delivered an RBI single to left . Arizona made it 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
The next time the Diamondbacks got a runner in scoring position , they did n't waste the opportunity . Paul Goldschmidt reached second on a throwing error by Desmond from shortstop and McDonald delivered an RBI single to left . Arizona made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . Upton singled and stole second	False
Arizona made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . Upton singled and stole second before Montero hit a two - out , run-scoring double . Limited to a pair of hits through five innings , the Nationals began the sixth	True
Arizona made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . Upton singled and stole second before Montero hit a two - out , run-scoring double . Limited to a pair of hits through five innings , the Nationals began the sixth with singles by Desmond and Stephen Lombardozzi . But Rick Ankiel hit into a double play and Adam LaRoche bounced out meekly to second	False
Limited to a pair of hits through five innings , the Nationals began the sixth with singles by Desmond and Stephen Lombardozzi . But Rick Ankiel hit into a double play and Adam LaRoche bounced out meekly to second . Zimmermann left after two singles and an intentional walk loaded the bases in the seventh	True
Zimmermann left after two singles and an intentional walk loaded the bases in the seventh . Ryan Mattheus then hit Aaron Hill with a pitch and yielded a sacrifice fly to Upton . Upton singled in a run in the ninth	False
The teams were rained out Monday night , Kansas City 's second rainout in three days . The Royals have lost two straight following a three - game winning streak that came on the heels of a 12-game skid . After the Royals went down in order in the first	True
The next three Tigers singled , increasing the margin to 5 - 0 , before Ramon Santiago grounded into a double play and Don Kelly popped out to end the inning . Detroit added three more runs in the third	True
The next three Tigers singled , increasing the margin to 5 - 0 , before Ramon Santiago grounded into a double play and Don Kelly popped out to end the inning . Detroit added three more runs in the third on an RBI single by Kelly and Jackson 's two - run double before Jhonny Peralta made it 9 - 0 with a run-scoring single in the fourth	True
Detroit added three more runs in the third on an RBI single by Kelly and Jackson 's two - run double before Jhonny Peralta made it 9 - 0 with a run-scoring single in the fourth . Kansas City got on the board with an RBI groundout by Humberto Quintero in the fifth	False
Detroit added three more runs in the third on an RBI single by Kelly and Jackson 's two - run double before Jhonny Peralta made it 9 - 0 with a run-scoring single in the fourth . Kansas City got on the board with an RBI groundout by Humberto Quintero in the fifth , and Alex Gordon made it 9 - 2 with a double in the sixth	False
Detroit added three more runs in the third on an RBI single by Kelly and Jackson 's two - run double before Jhonny Peralta made it 9 - 0 with a run-scoring single in the fourth . Kansas City got on the board with an RBI groundout by Humberto Quintero in the fifth , and Alex Gordon made it 9 - 2 with a double in the sixth . Jarrod Dyson led off the eighth	True
Kansas City got on the board with an RBI groundout by Humberto Quintero in the fifth , and Alex Gordon made it 9 - 2 with a double in the sixth . Jarrod Dyson led off the eighth with a stand-up triple and scored on Gordon 's groundout . The game took a strange twist in the ninth	True
Matusz ( 1 - 3 ) allowed six hits and one walk in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time since beating Oakland last June 6 . He had been 0 - 12 with a 10.47 ERA in 14 starts since , the longest active losing streak in the majors and one short of the Orioles record set by Mike Boddicker from 1987 - 88 . Ex-Yankee Nick Johnson got in on the fun , adding an RBI double in the eighth	True
With a 5.83 ERA for their starting rotation , higher than every major league team except Minnesota , the Yankees already have dispatched Freddy Garcia to the bullpen and replaced him with rookie David Phelps . Andy Pettitte , coming out of retirement at age 39 , could be ready after one more minor league start -- meaning Hughes is probably next to be bumped . Hughes was n't the only Yankees player to stumble . Eduardo Nunez , an infielder subbing in left field because of injuries to Brett Gardner and Nick Swisher , misplayed Johnson 's routine fly with two outs in the sixth	True
Hughes was n't the only Yankees player to stumble . Eduardo Nunez , an infielder subbing in left field because of injuries to Brett Gardner and Nick Swisher , misplayed Johnson 's routine fly with two outs in the sixth into a two - run error . Nunez misread the ball , lunged and missed it as it dropped . Curtis Granderson put the Yankees ahead in the first	True
Hughes was n't the only Yankees player to stumble . Eduardo Nunez , an infielder subbing in left field because of injuries to Brett Gardner and Nick Swisher , misplayed Johnson 's routine fly with two outs in the sixth into a two - run error . Nunez misread the ball , lunged and missed it as it dropped . Curtis Granderson put the Yankees ahead in the first with his ninth homer , a drive off the ribbon board in front of the upper deck in right . Davis , who had three hits , tied it in the second	True
Hughes was n't the only Yankees player to stumble . Eduardo Nunez , an infielder subbing in left field because of injuries to Brett Gardner and Nick Swisher , misplayed Johnson 's routine fly with two outs in the sixth into a two - run error . Nunez misread the ball , lunged and missed it as it dropped . Curtis Granderson put the Yankees ahead in the first with his ninth homer , a drive off the ribbon board in front of the upper deck in right . Davis , who had three hits , tied it in the second with his fifth homer and Hardy 's two - run drive gave Baltimore a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Curtis Granderson put the Yankees ahead in the first with his ninth homer , a drive off the ribbon board in front of the upper deck in right . Davis , who had three hits , tied it in the second with his fifth homer and Hardy 's two - run drive gave Baltimore a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Hughes hit his final batter , Matt Wieters , with a pitch in the sixth	True
Hughes hit his final batter , Matt Wieters , with a pitch in the sixth , and Boone Logan allowed consecutive singles , with Wilson Betemit driving in a run . Trailing by five , the Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh	True
Hughes hit his final batter , Matt Wieters , with a pitch in the sixth , and Boone Logan allowed consecutive singles , with Wilson Betemit driving in a run . Trailing by five , the Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh . Alex Rodriguez , who had reached on a bunt single in the sixth	True
Thome , who has 609 career homers , went 6 for 13 with four RBIs in a three - game series against Baltimore earlier this season . The Indians took an 8 - 4 lead with a three - run fifth	True
The Indians took an 8 - 4 lead with a three - run fifth . Marson tripled and scored on a two - out single by Choo , who came home on a double by Cabrera . Lopez capped the uprising with an RBI single . Duncan led off the sixth	True
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in an eventful first inning that featured an excellent running catch by Orioles left fielder Xavier Avery and an RBI single by Lopez that bounced off third base . Eveland avoided further damage by working out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam . Choo homered in the second	True
Choo homered in the second to make it 2 - 0 . Seven of his eight homers have been solo shots . After Baltimore got a third-inning run on a sacrifice fly by Brian Roberts , both teams scored three runs in the fourth	True
started locating . '' Jake Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) struck out 11 without a walk in his fourth	True
Ivan Nova gave the Yankees a good start in a game the bullpen lost Thursday and rookie Adam Warren could n't get out of the third	True
Kuroda began the game by allowing a single to Alejandro De Aza , who was thrown out trying to steal second	False
streak by hitting Kevin Youkilis with a pitch when there were two outs in the sixth	True
ball . '' David Robertson pitched the eighth	True
David Robertson pitched the eighth and left-hander Boone Logan and closer Rafael Soriano protected the four - run lead in the ninth	True
`` Obviously that happened three times . '' Granderson hit one out in the first	True
Granderson hit one out in the first , Wise 's homer came in the fifth	True
Granderson hit one out in the first , Wise 's homer came in the fifth and Cano led off the sixth	False
119 home runs . Wise also hit an RBI double in the second	True
The 22-year-old Miami Marlins slugger homered and drove in two runs in a 3 - 2 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday . Stanton 's estimated 424-foot shot in the first	True
Stanton 's estimated 424-foot shot in the first off Cole Hamels ( 10 - 4 ) , his 18th homer , gave the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Miami took a 2 - 1 lead on Stanton 's RBI single in the third	True
Stanton 's estimated 424-foot shot in the first off Cole Hamels ( 10 - 4 ) , his 18th homer , gave the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Miami took a 2 - 1 lead on Stanton 's RBI single in the third after Shane Victorino 's sacrifice fly tied it in the second	True
Hunter Pence homered and had three hits for the Phillies , who have lost four straight . Pence 's solo home run in the seventh	True
Pence 's solo home run in the seventh off Buehrle cut the deficit to 3 - 2 , but Buehrle was able to finish the inning . Mike Dunn pitched a perfect eighth	True
Pence 's solo home run in the seventh off Buehrle cut the deficit to 3 - 2 , but Buehrle was able to finish the inning . Mike Dunn pitched a perfect eighth before Bell came in to pitch the ninth	True
The Marlins Park crowd of 31,311 saw the fastest home game of the season at 2 hours , 20 minutes . Reyes was the catalyst for the Marlins ' third run as he led off the fifth	True
The Marlins Park crowd of 31,311 saw the fastest home game of the season at 2 hours , 20 minutes . Reyes was the catalyst for the Marlins ' third run as he led off the fifth with a single , then stole second	False
PHILADELPHIA -- Carlos Ruiz and Ty Wigginton homered to back Vance Worley , and the Philadelphia Phillies held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Schwimer pitched out of a jam in the seventh	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Carlos Ruiz and Ty Wigginton homered to back Vance Worley , and the Philadelphia Phillies held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Schwimer pitched out of a jam in the seventh , Antonio Bastardo worked the eighth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Carlos Ruiz and Ty Wigginton homered to back Vance Worley , and the Philadelphia Phillies held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Schwimer pitched out of a jam in the seventh , Antonio Bastardo worked the eighth and Jonathan Papelbon finished for his 18th save in 19 tries . Papelbon allowed a solo homer to Michael McKenry in the ninth	True
Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Schwimer pitched out of a jam in the seventh , Antonio Bastardo worked the eighth and Jonathan Papelbon finished for his 18th save in 19 tries . Papelbon allowed a solo homer to Michael McKenry in the ninth . Michael Schwimer came in with runners on second	False
Worley ( 4 - 4 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Schwimer pitched out of a jam in the seventh , Antonio Bastardo worked the eighth and Jonathan Papelbon finished for his 18th save in 19 tries . Papelbon allowed a solo homer to Michael McKenry in the ninth . Michael Schwimer came in with runners on second and third	False
Michael Schwimer came in with runners on second and third , no outs and the Phillies clinging to a 4 - 3 lead . He retired Jose Tabata on a sharp bouncer to the mound . Then Neil Walker lofted a fly ball to shallow left and John Mayberry Jr. nailed McKenry trying to score with a perfect one - hop throw to the plate . Ruiz hammered an 0 - 2 pitch to deep left for his career-best 10th homer to give the Phillies an insurance run in the eighth	True
Meanwhile , former NL MVP Ryan Howard will start a rehab stint at Class A Lakewood on Thursday if all goes well with an examination on his left Achilles in Philadelphia on Wednesday . Trailing 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
But Schwimer entered and closed the door . The Pirates squandered another opportunity to tie it in the eighth	True
The Pirates squandered another opportunity to tie it in the eighth after Andrew McCutchen led off with a double off Bastardo . Josh Harrison , pinch-hitting for cleanup hitter Garrett Jones , popped up a bunt that Ruiz ran down . Casey McGehee popped out and Pedro Alvarez struck out . Wigginton gave Philadelphia a 4 - 1 lead in the third	True
McGehee 's two - out RBI single in the sixth got the Pirates within 4 - 2 . McCutchen doubled and scored on the hit . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Ruiz . Hunter Pence hit a triple off the scoreboard in right-center with two outs . Ruiz then hit a hard grounder to left on an 0 - 2 pitch . Alvarez led off the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Ruiz . Hunter Pence hit a triple off the scoreboard in right-center with two outs . Ruiz then hit a hard grounder to left on an 0 - 2 pitch . Alvarez led off the second with a double , advanced to third	False
Alvarez led off the second with a double , advanced to third on a grounder and scored on McKenry 's sacrifice fly to tie it . Placido Polanco 's two - out RBI single to left put the Phillies ahead 2 - 1 in the bottom half . Worley escaped a first-and-second , no-out jam in the first	True
No Royals starter had even gone eight innings so far this season . Alex Cobb ( 3 - 4 ) also managed to throw a complete game , the first	False
It was Kansas City that came out swinging from the start , with Gordon 's leadoff double setting up an RBI double by Mike Moustakas when the ball bounced off right fielder Ben Zobrist 's glove and over his head after he appeared to briefly lose it in the setting sun . Cobb worked through a perfect second inning before coming unglued in the third	True
It started with Escobar 's bunt single and a base hit by Gordon , and included a wild pitch that plate umpire Todd Tichenor accidentally kicked away from catcher Jose Molina , allowing both of the runners to advance . Betancourt followed with a two - run single . Billy Butler came to the plate with one out and added a single , and Jeff Francoeur followed with an RBI single in which Butler was thrown out trying to reach third	False
It started with Escobar 's bunt single and a base hit by Gordon , and included a wild pitch that plate umpire Todd Tichenor accidentally kicked away from catcher Jose Molina , allowing both of the runners to advance . Betancourt followed with a two - run single . Billy Butler came to the plate with one out and added a single , and Jeff Francoeur followed with an RBI single in which Butler was thrown out trying to reach third . Hosmer contributed an RBI single , and Salvador Perez added another run-scoring single , though he was cut down to end the inning after making a wide turn around first	False
The inning ended after five runs on seven singles in a span of only eight batters . The Royals added another run on Betancourt 's sacrifice fly in the fourth inning , and Hosmer went deep in the eighth	True
The Royals added another run on Betancourt 's sacrifice fly in the fourth inning , and Hosmer went deep in the eighth , though both runs were moot the way Hochevar was dealing . He got some help from double plays in the first	True
The Royals added another run on Betancourt 's sacrifice fly in the fourth inning , and Hosmer went deep in the eighth , though both runs were moot the way Hochevar was dealing . He got some help from double plays in the first and seventh innings , but otherwise took care of things himself . He worked a perfect second	True
The Royals added another run on Betancourt 's sacrifice fly in the fourth inning , and Hosmer went deep in the eighth , though both runs were moot the way Hochevar was dealing . He got some help from double plays in the first and seventh innings , but otherwise took care of things himself . He worked a perfect second and sixth	True
The Royals added another run on Betancourt 's sacrifice fly in the fourth inning , and Hosmer went deep in the eighth , though both runs were moot the way Hochevar was dealing . He got some help from double plays in the first and seventh innings , but otherwise took care of things himself . He worked a perfect second and sixth , and came back from consecutive base hits to start the fifth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Colorado Rockies starter Josh Outman went to the mound for the fifth inning with a 10-run lead . While the Rockies held on for a much-needed 11 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers , it ended up being a no-decision for the right-hander who was the first	False
Even given extra pitches and another chance through the heart of the Texas lineup , Outman fell one out short of the required five innings to be eligible for his first victory with Colorado . Tyler Colvin and Chris Nelson had consecutive two - out , two - run singles in the third	True
Tyler Colvin and Chris Nelson had consecutive two - out , two - run singles in the third to put Colorado up 5 - 0 against the two - time defending AL champions , who had won seven in a row . Before Colorado 's four - run third	True
Tyler Colvin and Chris Nelson had consecutive two - out , two - run singles in the third to put Colorado up 5 - 0 against the two - time defending AL champions , who had won seven in a row . Before Colorado 's four - run third against Colby Lewis ( 6 - 6 ) , the Rangers had n't even allowed more than three runs in a game during their winning streak . Wil Nieves and Dexter Fowler -- the Nos . 8 and 9 batters -- homered on consecutive pitches in the fifth	True
Nelson Cruz homered twice for two - time defending AL champion Texas ( 44 - 28 ) , which lost for only the third time in 14 games and still has the best record in the majors . With a double-digit lead , and even though Outman was already past the 75-pitch limit Tracy is trying to impose on his starters , the lefty had two outs in the fifth	True
Outman allowed five runs and eight hits with three strikeouts and a walk . He threw 92 pitches . When Cruz homered deep into the Colorado bullpen on a hanging 0 - 2 slider in the fourth	True
When Cruz homered deep into the Colorado bullpen on a hanging 0 - 2 slider in the fourth , Outman slammed both of his hands to his knees . Rex Brothers ( 3 - 2 ) , the third	True
Rex Brothers ( 3 - 2 ) , the third of five Colorado pitchers , threw two scoreless innings despite allowing leadoff doubles in both . The Rockies loaded the bases with three consecutive singles in the third	True
The Rockies loaded the bases with three consecutive singles in the third before Colvin blooped a single to shallow left just out of the reach of shortstop Elvis Andrus . Nelson followed with a single up the middle for a 5 - 0 lead . Jonathan Herrera dropped to one knee on his swing that resulted in an RBI double in the fourth	True
Oswalt , who struck out six and walked one , was sharp from the start . His fastball was clocked in the low 90s and he showed off his slow curveball that confused Colorado hitters most of the game . The Rockies did n't muster much against Oswalt until breaking through in the seventh	True
Dexter Fowler tripled with two outs and Texas pitching coach Mike Maddux made a trip to the mound to check on Oswalt . Marco Scutaro lined a double to right to force the right-hander out of the game . Oswalt , who was shaking his head as he walked to the dugout , left to a standing ovation . Robbie Ross relieved Oswalt and retired Carlos Gonzalez on a grounder to end the seventh	True
Oswalt , who was shaking his head as he walked to the dugout , left to a standing ovation . Robbie Ross relieved Oswalt and retired Carlos Gonzalez on a grounder to end the seventh . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
Wilin Rosario had three hits for the Rockies , who dropped to 1 - 12 in interleague play . The Rockies left 10 men on base in the game and hit into double plays in the seventh	True
Wilin Rosario had three hits for the Rockies , who dropped to 1 - 12 in interleague play . The Rockies left 10 men on base in the game and hit into double plays in the seventh and eighth	True
The Rockies left 10 men on base in the game and hit into double plays in the seventh and eighth . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Rockies left 10 men on base in the game and hit into double plays in the seventh and eighth . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the first that just cleared the fence in right . It was his 13th	False
Beltre hit a two - run homer in the first that just cleared the fence in right . It was his 13th of the season . Nelson Cruz had an RBI double before Napoli lined his 12th home run of the season to right to make it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
The trio with a combined 113 games of major league experience before this season teamed for a three - run , eighth-inning rally and the surging Red Sox completed a sweep of the stumbling Miami Marlins , 6 - 5 on Thursday night . Boston tied the score on a two - run homer by Middlebrooks , who drove in four runs . Kalish then singled , raced to third	False
The trio with a combined 113 games of major league experience before this season teamed for a three - run , eighth-inning rally and the surging Red Sox completed a sweep of the stumbling Miami Marlins , 6 - 5 on Thursday night . Boston tied the score on a two - run homer by Middlebrooks , who drove in four runs . Kalish then singled , raced to third on a groundout to first	False
Nava is hitting .340 in 35 games and Kalish is hitting . 267 in four games . All three have been aggressive on the basepaths . The Red Sox won their fifth straight game and seventh	False
The Red Sox won their fifth straight game and seventh in their last eight as they matched their season-best mark of three games over .500 . Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Red Sox won their fifth straight game and seventh in their last eight as they matched their season-best mark of three games over .500 . Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 opportunities . Scott Atchison ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit over the seventh	True
The Red Sox won their fifth straight game and seventh in their last eight as they matched their season-best mark of three games over .500 . Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 opportunities . Scott Atchison ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit over the seventh and eighth	True
Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 opportunities . Scott Atchison ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one hit over the seventh and eighth . The Marlins took a lead in all three games but lost them all as they dropped their fourth straight overall and 13th	False
The Marlins took a lead in all three games but lost them all as they dropped their fourth straight overall and 13th in their last 15 . Miami went ahead 5 - 3 with two runs in the sixth	True
The Marlins took a lead in all three games but lost them all as they dropped their fourth straight overall and 13th in their last 15 . Miami went ahead 5 - 3 with two runs in the sixth . Giancarlo Stanton , in a 2 for 31 slump , hit his first homer in 12 games and 15th	False
He retired the next batter before giving up a single to Greg Dobbs and a run-scoring double to Omar Infante . Jarrod Saltalamacchia started the winning rally in the eighth	True
Then Nava , who had six singles in the past two games , lined a clean single to center . In just his third start of the season since having Tommy John elbow surgery on June 10 , 2011 , Matsuzaka gave up a leadoff single in the first	True
Then Nava , who had six singles in the past two games , lined a clean single to center . In just his third start of the season since having Tommy John elbow surgery on June 10 , 2011 , Matsuzaka gave up a leadoff single in the first to Jose Reyes , who went to third	False
Then Nava , who had six singles in the past two games , lined a clean single to center . In just his third start of the season since having Tommy John elbow surgery on June 10 , 2011 , Matsuzaka gave up a leadoff single in the first to Jose Reyes , who went to third on a slow grounder to shortstop Mike Aviles , who got the out at first	False
Then Nava , who had six singles in the past two games , lined a clean single to center . In just his third start of the season since having Tommy John elbow surgery on June 10 , 2011 , Matsuzaka gave up a leadoff single in the first to Jose Reyes , who went to third on a slow grounder to shortstop Mike Aviles , who got the out at first . Stanton walked and stole second	False
Then Nava , who had six singles in the past two games , lined a clean single to center . In just his third start of the season since having Tommy John elbow surgery on June 10 , 2011 , Matsuzaka gave up a leadoff single in the first to Jose Reyes , who went to third on a slow grounder to shortstop Mike Aviles , who got the out at first . Stanton walked and stole second and both runners scored on a single by Dobbs . After Dobbs stole second	False
Matsuzaka ended the inning by retiring Scott Cousins on a fly ball to center and did n't allow another runner until Stanton homered . Carlos Zambrano gave up one hit through three innings before Boston tied the game with two runs in the fourth	True
Matsuzaka ended the inning by retiring Scott Cousins on a fly ball to center and did n't allow another runner until Stanton homered . Carlos Zambrano gave up one hit through three innings before Boston tied the game with two runs in the fourth and one in the fifth	False
Carlos Zambrano gave up one hit through three innings before Boston tied the game with two runs in the fourth and one in the fifth . Zambrano hit the first two batters , Cody Ross and Saltalamacchia , in the fourth	True
Zambrano hit the first two batters , Cody Ross and Saltalamacchia , in the fourth . Ross scored on a single by Middlebrooks and Saltalamacchia came in on a sacrifice fly by Aviles . The Red Sox evened the score at 3 on another RBI single by Middlebrooks , driving in Adrian Gonzalez , who led off the fifth	True
He 's been doing that all season . The fact he finished the game ? That was a first	False
It was the Pirates ' first complete game this season . Jones had an RBI single in the first inning and a two - run homer that made it 8 - 1 in the seventh	True
It was the Pirates ' first complete game this season . Jones had an RBI single in the first inning and a two - run homer that made it 8 - 1 in the seventh . Alvarez added a shot that traveled an estimated 435 feet to right-center two batters later . Barajas had a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Winners of 10 of its past 12 at home , Pittsburgh rebounded from a loss Wednesday by pounding out 12 hits . Jones , Alvarez and Alex Presley all had two . With two outs in the first	True
An inning later , McCutchen came up with the bases loaded and two outs and hit a similar hard , deep liner . This time , he pulled it to left for a three - run double . Barajas snapped an 0 - for - 13 slump with his seventh homer that followed Alvarez 's leadoff single in the sixth	True
`` I know we did n't make a play behind him there but there were rockets flying everywhere , '' Gardenhire added . Jones , a former Twin , homered for the first time since June 3 after McCutchen singled to lead off the seventh	True
`` I know we did n't make a play behind him there but there were rockets flying everywhere , '' Gardenhire added . Jones , a former Twin , homered for the first time since June 3 after McCutchen singled to lead off the seventh . Alvarez 's homer was his fifth	False
`` I know we did n't make a play behind him there but there were rockets flying everywhere , '' Gardenhire added . Jones , a former Twin , homered for the first time since June 3 after McCutchen singled to lead off the seventh . Alvarez 's homer was his fifth in his past five games and team-high 13th	False
Jones , a former Twin , homered for the first time since June 3 after McCutchen singled to lead off the seventh . Alvarez 's homer was his fifth in his past five games and team-high 13th this season . Minnesota got its run in the fourth	True
The right-hander , who finished runner-up in the AL Cy Young voting last season , struck out three and walked two while lowering his ERA to 2.40 . San Francisco 's only hits off Weaver were two - out singles by Brandon Crawford in the third inning and Brandon Belt in the fifth	True
Vogelsong ( 6 - 3 ) gave up three runs and seven hits over seven innings , walked none and struck out six in his first regular-season start against the Angels . The right-hander , who came in with the lowest run support of any Giants starter at 3.70 per game , was 6 - 0 with a 1.76 ERA in his previous eight outings since May 3 , when he lost a 3 - 2 decision to Miami 's Anibal Sanchez at San Francisco . Callaspo opened the scoring in the second inning with a drive into the lower seats in the right field corner for his fourth home run , and the Angels increased the margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Callaspo opened the scoring in the second inning with a drive into the lower seats in the right field corner for his fourth home run , and the Angels increased the margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth . Howie Kendrick , who had only two extra-base hits in his previous 35 games and 123 at-bats , hit the first	False
Callaspo opened the scoring in the second inning with a drive into the lower seats in the right field corner for his fourth home run , and the Angels increased the margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth . Howie Kendrick , who had only two extra-base hits in his previous 35 games and 123 at-bats , hit the first of his two doubles with one out in the fifth	True
Callaspo opened the scoring in the second inning with a drive into the lower seats in the right field corner for his fourth home run , and the Angels increased the margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth . Howie Kendrick , who had only two extra-base hits in his previous 35 games and 123 at-bats , hit the first of his two doubles with one out in the fifth and scored on Erick Aybar 's single . Aybar continued to second	False
Detroit rookie Quintin Berry had a career-high five hits , while Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera each had an RBI double . Gerald Laird added three hits to help the Tigers win their third straight series , all against National League teams . Rockies starter Jeremy Guthrie was pulled after a 53-minute rain delay in the fourth	True
The Rockies were missing slugger Carlos Gonzalez , scratched moments before the first pitch with what was announced as a sore right hamstring . He was replaced in the lineup by Dexter Fowler , who struck out in his first three at-bats , all with runners on base . The game was delayed by rain in the top of the fourth	True
Scherzer ( 6 - 4 ) fanned every Rockies starter other than Marco Scutaro in his third double-digit strikeout performance of the season . He gave up seven hits and did n't walk a batter while throwing 122 pitches . Brayan Villarreal finished up with one strikeout in a hitless ninth	True
Guthrie ( 3 - 6 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- on eight hits and two walks . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI double in the second	True
Guthrie ( 3 - 6 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- on eight hits and two walks . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI double in the second , then added two more runs in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI double in the second , then added two more runs in the third . Berry singled after Guthrie misplayed a foul pop for an error , then took second	False
Guthrie would have been happy to keep pitching after the rain delay , but did n't get the chance . Cabrera capped the scoring with an RBI double in the sixth	True
Colorado rookie Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up three runs on three hits and five walks in five innings . The Rockies have lost nine of 10 . Fister retired the first 11 batters before Carlos Gonzalez 's infield single in the fourth	True
Fister retired the first 11 batters before Carlos Gonzalez 's infield single in the fourth . By that point , the Tigers had a 1 - 0 lead on Cabrera 's 14th homer of the season . The Tigers doubled their lead in the fourth	True
The Tigers doubled their lead in the fourth when Friedrich walked Austin Jackson with the bases loaded . Cabrera got to circle the bases in the fifth	True
Cabrera got to circle the bases in the fifth , too , thanks to a pair of misplays . Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) knocked down Cabrera 's grounder , scrambled to recover and still had a chance to get the out at first	False
Cabrera got to circle the bases in the fifth , too , thanks to a pair of misplays . Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) knocked down Cabrera 's grounder , scrambled to recover and still had a chance to get the out at first . But Friedrich threw wildly and Cabrera scampered to third	False
Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) knocked down Cabrera 's grounder , scrambled to recover and still had a chance to get the out at first . But Friedrich threw wildly and Cabrera scampered to third while catcher Wilin Rosario second baseman Chris Nelson and right fielder Michael Cuddyer chased down the ball . Rosario got there first	False
Said Colorado manager Jim Tracy : `` There were a lot of kids involved in that play , and once you start having to chase down a loose ball like that , things get out of kilter . '' Prince Fielder made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Prince Fielder made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . The Rockies got an unearned run in the ninth	False
Prince Fielder made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . The Rockies got an unearned run in the ninth when Gonzalez doubled , took third	False
Darwin Barney had three RBIs and the Cubs used shortstop Jhonny Peralta 's two throwing errors in the eighth inning to push across the winning run in a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . With two outs and two on , Tony Campana hit a grounder to Peralta , whose throw pulled Ramon Santiago off the bag at second	False
Darwin Barney had three RBIs and the Cubs used shortstop Jhonny Peralta 's two throwing errors in the eighth inning to push across the winning run in a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . With two outs and two on , Tony Campana hit a grounder to Peralta , whose throw pulled Ramon Santiago off the bag at second . Starlin Castro then hit another grounder to Peralta and the veteran infielder threw wide of first	False
Tigers reliever Phil Coke ( 1 - 3 ) was ready when reporters entered the visiting clubhouse , showing a replay of Castro 's ball that showed Prince Fielder kept his foot on the base when he pulled in Peralta 's second errant throw . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Fielder also played his first game on Chicago 's North Side since he signed with the Tigers over the winter . The big first baseman spent his first seven major league seasons with Milwaukee and was reunited Tuesday with Sveum , who agreed to become the Cubs ' manager in November after a six - year run on the Brewers ' coaching staff . With the wind blowing in on an unseasonably cool night in Chicago , Fielder and fellow Tigers slugger Miguel Cabrera each received a Wrigley refresher course when their long fly balls in the sixth	True
With the wind blowing in on an unseasonably cool night in Chicago , Fielder and fellow Tigers slugger Miguel Cabrera each received a Wrigley refresher course when their long fly balls in the sixth each died in the outfield . Paul Maholm grinned as he walked off the mound following Fielder 's inning-ending drive , but Detroit was just warming up at the plate . The Tigers put the first two batters on in the seventh	True
The Tigers put the first two batters on in the seventh , chasing Maholm from the game . With one out and the bases loaded , pinch hitter Ramon Santiago hit an RBI single off Casey Coleman and Austin Jackson singled in a pair to tie it at 3 . Jackson 's clutch hit was his second	False
`` Our guys have done a good job of enduring some things . We 've had some key injuries and we 've been able to figure things out a little bit . Guys have stepped up and we just have to keep going . '' Raul Ibanez led off the second inning with a homer and Robinson Cano had two hits , including a run-scoring single in the first	True
The Yankees ( 35 - 25 ) have won four straight games and nine of 11 to move a season-best 10 games over .500 . The Braves , held without an extra-base hit , have lost two straight after their season-best six - game winning streak . Cody Eppley and Clay Rapada combined for three straight outs in the eighth	True
The Yankees ( 35 - 25 ) have won four straight games and nine of 11 to move a season-best 10 games over .500 . The Braves , held without an extra-base hit , have lost two straight after their season-best six - game winning streak . Cody Eppley and Clay Rapada combined for three straight outs in the eighth . Cory Wade struck out Martin Prado to open the ninth	True
Delgado agreed , saying `` Yes . New York Yankees . We respect them . They 've got a lot of tradition . '' Cano 's first-inning single drove in Alex Rodriguez , who doubled off the wall in left . Rodriguez walked in the third	True
Delgado agreed , saying `` Yes . New York Yankees . We respect them . They 've got a lot of tradition . '' Cano 's first-inning single drove in Alex Rodriguez , who doubled off the wall in left . Rodriguez walked in the third , moved to third	False
Cano 's first-inning single drove in Alex Rodriguez , who doubled off the wall in left . Rodriguez walked in the third , moved to third on Cano 's double and scored on Delgado 's wild pitch . Atlanta 's leadoff hitters had singles in four of the first five innings . None advanced past second base as Nova was helped by double plays in the first	True
Atlanta 's leadoff hitters had singles in four of the first five innings . None advanced past second base as Nova was helped by double plays in the first and third innings . Yankees right fielder Nick Swisher took a possible homer away from Brian McCann in the fourth	True
Yankees right fielder Nick Swisher took a possible homer away from Brian McCann in the fourth . Swisher reached up to snap McCann 's fly ball in front of the yellow line at the top of the wall . It was McCann 's second long out . His first-inning drive was caught at the 400-foot mark in center field by Curtis Granderson . Braves centerfielder Michael Bourn , running toward left field , made a diving catch to take a hit from Ibanez in the seventh	True
The Braves are 0 - 9 on Mondays this season . Atlanta 's Matt Diaz , who struck out as a pinch-hitter in the eighth	True
The Braves are 0 - 9 on Mondays this season . Atlanta 's Matt Diaz , who struck out as a pinch-hitter in the eighth , was ejected by home plate umpire Alfonso Marquez in the ninth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Carlos Beltran would prefer to hit in one spot every day . No matter where he lands on the lineup card , there 's no arguing the results . Primarily the St. Louis Cardinals ' cleanup man , Beltran provided some pop batting second	False
Beltran has batted cleanup 31 times , third three times and second 18 times . Manager Mike Matheny resisted the temptation to shift Beltran back to cleanup after Matt Holliday was scratched just before the first pitch with mid-back spasms . Beltran , who has homered nine times batting second	False
Michael Brantley had two singles to extend his hitting streak to 17 games for Cleveland . But the Indians had only three runners in scoring position against Lohse ( 6 - 1 ) , who ended a string of five starts with no-decisions and a 5.16 ERA , and two relievers . Beltran homered with two outs in the third	True
Michael Brantley had two singles to extend his hitting streak to 17 games for Cleveland . But the Indians had only three runners in scoring position against Lohse ( 6 - 1 ) , who ended a string of five starts with no-decisions and a 5.16 ERA , and two relievers . Beltran homered with two outs in the third and had three of the seven hits for St. Louis , which has won three of four . Shane Robinson doubled to start the eighth	True
Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) struck out six with no walks in seven innings , while giving up five hits , but fell to 1 - 4 in his last seven starts . He retired the side in order in three of his last four innings and walked none . Indians pitchers totaled one walk , an intentional pass from Accardo to Yadier Molina in the eighth	True
In his last two starts , Lohse has allowed one run on five hits in 13 2/3 innings . Molina threw out Asdrubal Cabrera attempting to steal , ending the eighth	True
Brantley is 24 for 65 ( .369 ) during the longest current streak in the majors . Molina reached a pair of firsts for St. Louis , batting third	False
Brantley is 24 for 65 ( .369 ) during the longest current streak in the majors . Molina reached a pair of firsts for St. Louis , batting third the first time in his career and getting caught stealing for the first time in six attempts on a nice throw by catcher Carlos Santana to end the sixth	True
Cain ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- none earned -- and seven hits while walking one . San Francisco took two of three from the Padres ( 19 - 39 ) , who have the worst record in the majors . San Diego also loaded the bases in the eighth	True
Cain ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- none earned -- and seven hits while walking one . San Francisco took two of three from the Padres ( 19 - 39 ) , who have the worst record in the majors . San Diego also loaded the bases in the eighth and ninth	True
Three of San Francisco 's 15 hits were homers . Posey hit a leadoff shot in the third	True
Posey hit a leadoff shot in the third off Padres newcomer Jason Marquis , driving a 2 - 0 pitch off the third-floor balcony of the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner for a 4 - 0 lead and his seventh homer . Pagan extended his hitting streak to 15 games when he homered to right on a 3 - 2 pitch from Brad Brach with one out in the seventh	True
Pagan extended his hitting streak to 15 games when he homered to right on a 3 - 2 pitch from Brad Brach with one out in the seventh . Melky Cabrera was aboard on a leadoff single . Gregor Blanco hit a solo shot to right with two outs in the eighth	False
Gregor Blanco hit a solo shot to right with two outs in the eighth off Alex Hinshaw . Blanco went 7 for 15 in the three - game series , with two homers , a triple and two doubles , and he scored six runs . San Francisco scored two runs off three hits and Marquis ' throwing error in the first	True
Marquis ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- two earned -- and nine hits in six innings , struck out six and walked one . Marquis was promoted from Double-A San Antonio after signing a minor league contract on May 29 . He started the season with Minnesota . San Diego scored three unearned runs in the third	True
Trumbo homered twice , going 4 for 4 with four RBIs and leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 1 win over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . He raised his average from .322 to .337 , eight points ahead of Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter . Trumbo , who trails Paul Konerko and Josh Hamilton in the batting race , opened the scoring with a first-pitch drive over the center-field wall . Two pitches later , Torii Hunter sent his sixth	False
Trumbo , who trails Paul Konerko and Josh Hamilton in the batting race , opened the scoring with a first-pitch drive over the center-field wall . Two pitches later , Torii Hunter sent his sixth of the season over the bullpen fence in left , giving the Angels consecutive homers for the first time this season . The Angels increased their lead to 4 - 1 in the bottom half with RBI singles by Albert Pujols and Trumbo , who made it 6 - 1 in the fifth	True
Garrett Richards ( 1 - 0 ) pitched seven innings for his first major league victory . The 24-year-old right-hander allowed a run and four hits , walked two and struck out eight against an offense that averaged 9.2 runs over its previous six games -- including a 21 - 8 rout at Texas last Wednesday . Richards was filling in for ace Jered Weaver , who is on the disabled list with a lower back strain . He yielded only one hit through the first 4 2/3 innings -- a leadoff homer by Michael Saunders in the third	True
Herrera hit a two - run double off winless Cliff Lee in the eighth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lee ( 0 - 3 ) took a two - hitter into the eighth	True
Lee ( 0 - 3 ) took a two - hitter into the eighth and was a strike away from getting out of trouble before Herrera hit a 2 - 2 pitch off the left-field wall to put the Dodgers ahead . Chad Billingsley ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings . Josh Lindblom worked the eighth	True
The five - time defending NL East champion Phillies have lost four straight to fall a game under .500 . Hunter Pence drove in Philadelphia 's only run with an RBI single in the first inning . He also made an outstanding defensive play in the eighth	True
The five - time defending NL East champion Phillies have lost four straight to fall a game under .500 . Hunter Pence drove in Philadelphia 's only run with an RBI single in the first inning . He also made an outstanding defensive play in the eighth . Pence made an excellent , no-hop throw to third base to nail Tony Gwynn Jr. trying to advance from first	False
Hunter Pence drove in Philadelphia 's only run with an RBI single in the first inning . He also made an outstanding defensive play in the eighth . Pence made an excellent , no-hop throw to third base to nail Tony Gwynn Jr. trying to advance from first on pinch-hitter Bobby Abreu 's single . Lee helped himself earlier in the inning with a defensive gem of his own after Matt Treanor led off with a double . Gwynn followed with a bunt , but Lee quickly got off the mound , fielded the ball and threw Treanor out at third	False
Herrera worked the count like a veteran hitter , not someone who just came up to the big leagues . Jimmy Rollins lined a double down the right-field line leading off the first	True
Justin Maxwell hit a two - run homer and Jose Altuve tied a career high with four hits as the Astros got to St. Louis starter Jaime Garcia early to build a big lead . The Astros scored four runs in the first inning and Maxwell 's homer in the second stretched their lead to 6 - 1 . Brian Bogusevic added a solo home run in the fourth	True
Furcal reached second base on a two - base error by Altuve to start the game . He scored on a two - out groundout by Holliday to make it 1 - 0 . Altuve doubled and scored on a two - out single by J. D. Martinez to tie it at 1 - 1 in the first	True
Garcia finally got out of that inning when Bogusevic grounded into a forceout . Maxwell 's two - out homer , which was his second home run in his last three at-bats , sailed into the Crawford Boxes in left field and put Houston up 6 - 1 . His last home run came on a two - run shot Sunday as a pinch hitter . Altuve singled with one out to set up the homer which was Maxwell 's fifth	False
Maxwell 's two - out homer , which was his second home run in his last three at-bats , sailed into the Crawford Boxes in left field and put Houston up 6 - 1 . His last home run came on a two - run shot Sunday as a pinch hitter . Altuve singled with one out to set up the homer which was Maxwell 's fifth of the year . Craig singled with two outs in the third	True
Craig singled with two outs in the third before a double by David Freese . Adams followed with his homer to the deepest part of the ballpark in center field to get St. Louis within 6 - 4 . Bogusevic 's homer , which bounced off the foul pole in right field , came in the fourth	True
HOUSTON -- After allowing a combined 14 first-inning runs in their last four losses , the Houston Astros were determined to get out of the opening inning on Sunday without falling behind . Jordan Lyles let them do just that , keeping the Reds hitless until the third	True
He allowed five hits and struck out three in his longest start of the year . It 's the first win of the season for Lyles ( 1 - 1 ) and his first since last Aug. 20 . He has made five starts for Houston , but spent most of the season in Triple-A . Brett Myers pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Arroyo yielded a season-high five earned runs on eight hits in 6 1/3 innings to remain winless since May 7 . Todd Frazier doubled to start the eighth inning and a single by Cozart left Frazier at third	False
Todd Frazier doubled to start the eighth inning and a single by Cozart left Frazier at third . Joey Votto 's sacrifice fly with one out got Cincinnati to 5 - 3 . Schafer had to sprint to make the catch on that play right at the wall in center field . An error on that play allowed Cozart to advance to third	False
Chris Johnson walked with one out before a single by Brett Wallace left runners at the corners for Houston in the second inning . Johnson scored on a sacrifice fly by Jason Castro to make it 1 - 0 . The Reds did n't get a hit until Arroyo 's single with two outs in the third	True
Lyles got back on track after that , and the Reds did n't threaten again until the sixth inning . Drew Stubbs singled with one out before Phillips drew a two out walk . But Lyles retired Jay Bruce to end the inning . Wallace collected his second single in the fifth inning before a single by Castro sent him to third	False
Wallace collected his second single in the fifth inning before a single by Castro sent him to third . Gonzalez 's single to center field scored Wallace to tie it at 2 . A sacrifice bunt by Lyles advanced the runners to second	False
Wallace collected his second single in the fifth inning before a single by Castro sent him to third . Gonzalez 's single to center field scored Wallace to tie it at 2 . A sacrifice bunt by Lyles advanced the runners to second and third	False
Zambrano homered and pitched into the eighth inning , and Hanley Ramirez went deep , too , leading the Miami Marlins to a 5 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Sunday . Zambrano ( 4 - 3 ) , who said he was pitching with the flu , allowed four hits , walked two and struck out seven before leaving with two outs in the eighth	True
Zambrano said his flu symptoms included a headache , sore throat and weak feeling . Heath Bell came on with two on and one out in the ninth	True
In the third inning , Zambrano hit the first pitch he saw to deep left for his first homer of the season and 24th of his career to give Miami a 1 - 0 lead . Zambrano leads all pitchers since 1974 with 24 career home runs . A switch-hitter , Zambrano batted from the left side against Phillies starter Joe Blanton . Ramirez led off the fourth	True
Ramirez led off the fourth with his third homer in two games to put the Marlins up 2 - 0 . In his last six games , Ramirez is 12 for 24 with four homers and three doubles . Miami tacked on three runs in the seventh	True
Blanton ( 4 - 6 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in six - plus innings . In his last four starts , the right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 10.98 ERA while allowing 10 homers in 19 2/3 innings . Florida went ahead 5 - 0 when Zambrano scored from third	False
Florida went ahead 5 - 0 when Zambrano scored from third on a wild pitch by right-hander Chad Qualls . Zambrano retired 13 straight batters between the second	True
Florida went ahead 5 - 0 when Zambrano scored from third on a wild pitch by right-hander Chad Qualls . Zambrano retired 13 straight batters between the second and sixth innings , ending when Pierre doubled with one out in the sixth : Pierre reached second	False
Reyes kept his hitting streak alive with an infield single in the fifth kept . He is batting .373 ( 22 for 59 ) during it . Shane Victorino singled in the ninth	True
Rodriguez 's ninth homer of the season easily cleared the fence in left-center and went an estimated 447 feet . The ball bounced high off the brick wall where retired numbers are displayed -- right between Hank Greenberg 's No . 5 and Charlie Gehringer 's No . 2 . It was the third mammoth homer at Comerica Park in less than 24 hours after Detroit 's Miguel Cabrera hit two similar shots to center Saturday night . Fielder made it 3 - 1 with a 415-foot homer to right in the fourth	True
Rodriguez 's ninth homer of the season easily cleared the fence in left-center and went an estimated 447 feet . The ball bounced high off the brick wall where retired numbers are displayed -- right between Hank Greenberg 's No . 5 and Charlie Gehringer 's No . 2 . It was the third mammoth homer at Comerica Park in less than 24 hours after Detroit 's Miguel Cabrera hit two similar shots to center Saturday night . Fielder made it 3 - 1 with a 415-foot homer to right in the fourth , but the Yankees were n't done . Robinson Cano 's two - out triple in the fifth brought Granderson home from second	False
Hughes , meanwhile , has allowed at least one homer in all 11 starts this season , but he kept the banged-up Tigers off base for the most part . Detroit put outfielder Andy Dirks on the disabled list with tendinitis in his right Achilles . Catcher Alex Avila has also been out with right hamstring tightness . Game notes New York finished its road trip 6 - 3 , with two of the losses by one run .. .. Verlander lost four straight decisions from July 26-Aug. 11 , 2008 .. .. A spectator ran on the field with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
Ichiro Suzuki homered twice and Seattle 's bullpen shut out the White Sox over the final four innings to end Chicago 's longest winning streak since July 2010 . Tom Wilhelmsen ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings , allowing one hit , for the victory . Hisashi Iwakuma earned his second save by pitching the 12th	True
Ichiro Suzuki homered twice and Seattle 's bullpen shut out the White Sox over the final four innings to end Chicago 's longest winning streak since July 2010 . Tom Wilhelmsen ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings , allowing one hit , for the victory . Hisashi Iwakuma earned his second save by pitching the 12th , retiring Adam Dunn on a grounder with a runner on second	False
On Friday night , Saunders dropped a fly ball in the eighth inning that led to three unearned runs and helped the White Sox to a 7 - 4 win . He was able to make up for it Saturday . Jesus Montero led off the 10th	True
Jesus Montero led off the 10th with a double against Addison Reed ( 0 - 1 ) . One out later , Jaso drove in pinch-runner Munenori Kawasaki . Chone Figgins followed with an RBI single . Chicago 's Dayan Viciedo tied the game with a two - out solo homer in the eighth	True
The White Sox used nine pitchers -- their bullpen was depleted by the end of the day -- in an effort to keep their winning streak intact . The Mariners had rallied with three runs in the eighth	True
The White Sox used nine pitchers -- their bullpen was depleted by the end of the day -- in an effort to keep their winning streak intact . The Mariners had rallied with three runs in the eighth off Jesse Crain for an 8 - 7 lead on Brendan Ryan 's two - run double and an error on catcher A. J. Pierzynski , when his throw attempting to nab a stealing Ryan skipped past third	False
Pierzynski and Alex Rios also homered for first-place Chicago . Beckham , who had a pair of homers in Friday night 's series opener , hit a two - run shot to finish Seattle starter Hector Noesi after 4 1/3 innings and give the White Sox their first lead at 6 - 5 . Beckham added an RBI infield single in the seventh	True
`` You ca n't win every game , but you know we are in every game , so that 's the good news . We plan on being in games from here on out , too . '' Suzuki homered to start the game , the 37th leadoff homer of his career . Smoak led off the second	True
Suzuki homered to start the game , the 37th leadoff homer of his career . Smoak led off the second with another shot and then Suzuki went deep again leading off the third -- the sixth multihomer game of his career . Saunders hit Seattle 's fourth homer of the game off Floyd , a two - run shot that made it 5 - 3 in the fourth	True
Derek Holland ( 7 - 6 ) took the loss for the Rangers , whose lead over the Angels in the division was cut to three games . Oakland trailed by three but played late against Tampa Bay . Pujols hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Derek Holland ( 7 - 6 ) took the loss for the Rangers , whose lead over the Angels in the division was cut to three games . Oakland trailed by three but played late against Tampa Bay . Pujols hit a solo home run in the fourth and another in a three - run sixth	True
David Murphy 's double scored Josh Hamilton , who was 1 for 4 with a single , and Michael Young , accounting for the Rangers ' runs . The Rangers had a chance to get to Weaver by putting two on with no out in the bottom of the sixth	True
David Murphy 's double scored Josh Hamilton , who was 1 for 4 with a single , and Michael Young , accounting for the Rangers ' runs . The Rangers had a chance to get to Weaver by putting two on with no out in the bottom of the sixth , but Ian Kinsler popped out to Pujols at first	False
Then the Red Sox were saved by the rain . The tarp came on the field at that point with two outs in the sixth inning , the game was called 1 hour , 45 minutes later , and the Red Sox had a 4 - 1 win on Tuesday night , their fourth	False
Clayton Mortensen ( 1 - 0 ) made the most of his strange situation , pitching 2 2/3 shutout innings in relief of injured starter Josh Beckett after being recalled from the minors earlier Tuesday . He was in Rochester with Pawtucket for a Triple-A game when he was told to get to Fenway Park . He arrived less than two hours before the game then was thrust into action when Beckett suffered a spasm in his lower back and left with two outs in the third	True
Tigers ace Justin Verlander ( 11 - 7 ) gave up all four runs in the fourth inning when he issued two of his four walks . Detroit scored in the first	True
But Beckett looked like a different pitcher at the start on Tuesday . He retired the first eight batters then got Omar Infante to hit a weak grounder to shortstop . Pedro Ciriaco charged the ball , but Infante beat his throw to first	False
Beckett pitched well out of the windup , but once Detroit got a runner he had trouble from the stretch . Verlander , who had gone at least six innings in his previous 63 starts , gave up two hits through three innings before struggling as the rain became heavier in the fourth	True
Verlander , who had gone at least six innings in his previous 63 starts , gave up two hits through three innings before struggling as the rain became heavier in the fourth . Cody Ross and Jarrod Saltalamacchia singled in the fourth	True
Carl Crawford then grounded a single that trickled by second baseman Infante and drove in Shoppach . And when Infante was slow retrieving the ball , Ciriaco also scored . The Red Sox got another break in the sixth	True
The Red Sox got another break in the sixth when the rain ruined an excellent opportunity for the Tigers . Fielder led off with a walk and Delmon Young flied out . Morales replaced Mortensen and Fielder was forced out at second	False
Chen , who pitched four seasons in Japan before coming to Baltimore , set a major league record for strikeouts by a Taiwanese-born pitcher . The old mark was 10 by Chien-Ming Wang in 2007 . The strikeouts mean less to him than getting deeper in the game . He threw 108 pitches and did n't get out of the sixth	True
Lew Ford , whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game , went 0 for 3 with a walk in his first big league game since 2007 . But the Orioles left fielder contributed a strong throw to cut down Yoenis Cespedes , who was trying to stretch a second-inning hit into a double . After going 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position in a 6 - 0 loss Saturday night , the Orioles got two such hits in a four - run fourth	True
Lew Ford , whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game , went 0 for 3 with a walk in his first big league game since 2007 . But the Orioles left fielder contributed a strong throw to cut down Yoenis Cespedes , who was trying to stretch a second-inning hit into a double . After going 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position in a 6 - 0 loss Saturday night , the Orioles got two such hits in a four - run fourth . With runners at first	False
Lew Ford , whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game , went 0 for 3 with a walk in his first big league game since 2007 . But the Orioles left fielder contributed a strong throw to cut down Yoenis Cespedes , who was trying to stretch a second-inning hit into a double . After going 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position in a 6 - 0 loss Saturday night , the Orioles got two such hits in a four - run fourth . With runners at first and second	False
After going 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position in a 6 - 0 loss Saturday night , the Orioles got two such hits in a four - run fourth . With runners at first and second and one out , Adam Jones doubled in a run . Wieters then ended a 1 - for - 31 skid with a drive into the left-field seats , only the third homer allowed by Blackley in 67 innings this season . Baltimore added a run in the fifth	True
Baltimore added a run in the fifth when J. J. Hardy ran home on the second error of the game by Oakland first baseman Chris Carter . Limited to one hit through five innings , the A 's finally got to Chen in the sixth	True
`` I'm always a little overanxious in situations like that , and took a clean swing and let the rest take care of itself . '' A struggling Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp with one out in the St. Louis eighth	True
`` I'm always a little overanxious in situations like that , and took a clean swing and let the rest take care of itself . '' A struggling Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp with one out in the St. Louis eighth , tying it at 2 . The opposite-field solo shot was his 23rd homer , but just his third	False
Cubs starter Paul Maholm allowed one run and four hits over 6 2/3 innings . He walked four and struck out five . Maholm exited with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Cardinals starter Adam Wainwright gave up two runs in six innings . He was n't fooling anybody early , allowing six of the first nine batters to reach base . David DeJesus tripled in the first	True
Cardinals starter Adam Wainwright gave up two runs in six innings . He was n't fooling anybody early , allowing six of the first nine batters to reach base . David DeJesus tripled in the first and scored on Castro 's groundout . Darwin Barney doubled in the second	True
Cardinals starter Adam Wainwright gave up two runs in six innings . He was n't fooling anybody early , allowing six of the first nine batters to reach base . David DeJesus tripled in the first and scored on Castro 's groundout . Darwin Barney doubled in the second and scored on an error in the second	True
Wainwright settled down to retire 12 of his final 14 batters . Beltran 's homer got Wainwright off the hook for what could have been his first loss in 13 career appearances at Wrigley Field . Wainwright is 5 - 0 at the ballpark , including his 20th win in 2010 when he finished second	False
The Cardinals threatened several times but were largely unable to get the big hit , leaving 10 men on base . Despite a throwing error that allowed Barney to score in the second	True
The Cardinals threatened several times but were largely unable to get the big hit , leaving 10 men on base . Despite a throwing error that allowed Barney to score in the second , shortstop Daniel Descalso made several exceptional defensive plays , including a dazzling diving stab and throw in the third	True
Minor ( 6 - 7 ) allowed one run on four hits and no walks in eight innings . His nine strikeouts matched his season high . He retired the last 13 batters he faced . The Phillies ' only run came on Chase Utley 's homer in the fourth	True
The left-hander called his progress during the season `` a complete 180 , just in confidence and my demeanor on the mound and not letting things get to me . '' Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Before the game , manager Charlie Manuel said the Phillies lack the edge they showed in winning the 2008 World Series and 2009 NL championship . Blanton and Minor began the night ranked first	False
Before the game , manager Charlie Manuel said the Phillies lack the edge they showed in winning the 2008 World Series and 2009 NL championship . Blanton and Minor began the night ranked first and second	False
Blanton and Minor began the night ranked first and second , respectively , among NL pitchers in home runs allowed . Minor matched Blanton 's 22 homers allowed on Utley 's blast into the center field seats . With one out in the first	True
Blanton and Minor began the night ranked first and second , respectively , among NL pitchers in home runs allowed . Minor matched Blanton 's 22 homers allowed on Utley 's blast into the center field seats . With one out in the first , Martin Prado singled , advanced to third	False
Blanton and Minor began the night ranked first and second , respectively , among NL pitchers in home runs allowed . Minor matched Blanton 's 22 homers allowed on Utley 's blast into the center field seats . With one out in the first , Martin Prado singled , advanced to third on Heyward 's single and scored on Chipper Jones ' fly ball to center . Instead of throwing to the plate , center fielder Shane Victorino threw toward first base , but first baseman Ryan Howard was not covering the bag and the throw sailed past first	False
With one out in the first , Martin Prado singled , advanced to third on Heyward 's single and scored on Chipper Jones ' fly ball to center . Instead of throwing to the plate , center fielder Shane Victorino threw toward first base , but first baseman Ryan Howard was not covering the bag and the throw sailed past first for Victorino 's first error in 273 games -- since Aug. 14 , 2010 , at the Mets . The error was not costly , as Heyward was stranded at second	False
The error was not costly , as Heyward was stranded at second . The Braves pushed the lead to 2 - 1 in the third	True
The error was not costly , as Heyward was stranded at second . The Braves pushed the lead to 2 - 1 in the third when Michael Bourn led off with a single , moved to second	False
The Braves pushed the lead to 2 - 1 in the third when Michael Bourn led off with a single , moved to second on Prado 's groundout and scored when Heyward 's infield hit bounced off Utley into right field . Utley was positioned in shallow right field and no error was charged on the play . Blanton recorded 11 straight outs before the streak ended on the Phillies ' second error . McCann led off the second	True
Almost as if they were toying with Boston in Bobby Valentine 's first trip to New York as a manager since he was fired by the Mets in 2002 , the Yankees scored in the bottom half of each of the three innings the Red Sox homered . Pedroia gave Boston the lead with a drive to left off Hughes on a full-count pitch in the first	True
Pedroia gave Boston the lead with a drive to left off Hughes on a full-count pitch in the first . But Ibanez followed with a two - run shot in the bottom half when the Yankees scored three times after the Red Sox failed to turn what could have been an easy inning-ending double play . With runners on first	False
Pedroia gave Boston the lead with a drive to left off Hughes on a full-count pitch in the first . But Ibanez followed with a two - run shot in the bottom half when the Yankees scored three times after the Red Sox failed to turn what could have been an easy inning-ending double play . With runners on first and third	False
Pedroia gave Boston the lead with a drive to left off Hughes on a full-count pitch in the first . But Ibanez followed with a two - run shot in the bottom half when the Yankees scored three times after the Red Sox failed to turn what could have been an easy inning-ending double play . With runners on first and third and shortstop Mike Aviles behind second base in a shift , Mark Teixeira hit a routine grounder to Pedroia . He made a quick toss to Aviles , who was slow to make the turn and Teixeira beat the throw . A run scored and Ibanez then hit a line drive into the first	True
Valentine said of the missed opportunity : In the third	False
In the third , Carl Crawford homered for the first time this season -- in his 10th game -- after missing the first 90 because of wrist surgery and several setbacks . Teixeira had a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning . The catchers traded long balls in the fourth	True
In the third , Carl Crawford homered for the first time this season -- in his 10th game -- after missing the first 90 because of wrist surgery and several setbacks . Teixeira had a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning . The catchers traded long balls in the fourth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit his 20th of the year . Martin responded with his 11th	False
The catchers traded long balls in the fourth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit his 20th of the year . Martin responded with his 11th for a 6 - 3 lead . Hughes retired 10 of his final 11 batters , allowing only a walk to Jacoby Ellsbury in the fifth	True
Cook gave up six runs and seven hits in four innings for Boston . Yankees third baseman Eric Chavez was hit by a pitch above the right ankle in the eighth	True
Furcal came through again Wednesday night , as his two - out , RBI single off Jamey Wright in the 12th inning gave the St. Louis Cardinals a 3 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers . The RBI was No . 42 for Furcal , tops in the National League for leadoff hitters . Lance Berkman , who left the lineup a day earlier with a bruised right knee after being hit by a pitch , drew a one - out walk as a pinch-hitter in the 12th	True
Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse went seven innings and allowed two runs and seven hits with no walks and four strikeouts . He drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . The loss spoiled the otherwise successful Dodgers debut of Hanley Ramirez . Acquired in a trade earlier Wednesday with the Miami Marlins , Ramirez tripled on the first pitch he saw with his new team . The three - time All-Star infielder went 2 for 4 with a walk . He scored once and hit an RBI single in sixth	True
Aaron Harang was sharp for the Dodgers , giving up just two hits and two runs in 7 1/3 innings . Ramirez helped the Dodgers to a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Ramirez helped the Dodgers to a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he tripled off the wall in center and scored on James Loney ` s sacrifice fly . After St. Louis grabbed a 2 - 1 lead on Lohse 's sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Ramirez helped the Dodgers to a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he tripled off the wall in center and scored on James Loney ` s sacrifice fly . After St. Louis grabbed a 2 - 1 lead on Lohse 's sacrifice fly in the fifth , Ramirez tied it with a two - out single in the sixth	True
Ramirez played third base , the spot he moved to with the Marlins to make room for new shortstop Jose Reyes . Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said he plans to put Ramirez at shortstop when the former NL batting champion is comfortable with the switch back to his old position . Mattingly was ejected by home plate umpire Jeff Kellogg for arguing balls and strikes while on the mound during a 10th-inning pitching change . The ejection was the fifth	False
Pittsburgh entered the day leading the NL wild-card standings , and was 2 games behind Cincinnati in the NL Central . The Pirates pulled ahead 3 - 2 in the sixth inning when Jones lined a double that scored Alex Presley , who singled with one out and took third	False
The Pirates pulled ahead 3 - 2 in the sixth inning when Jones lined a double that scored Alex Presley , who singled with one out and took third on Andrew McCutchen 's single . Dempster threw a water cooler in the Cubs ' dugout after being lifted for a pinch hitter in the top of the seventh	True
Dempster threw a water cooler in the Cubs ' dugout after being lifted for a pinch hitter in the top of the seventh . He said his brief outburst was not partially a byproduct of the trade talk but came out of frustration over leaving the game . Both teams hit solo home runs in the first	True
Dempster threw a water cooler in the Cubs ' dugout after being lifted for a pinch hitter in the top of the seventh . He said his brief outburst was not partially a byproduct of the trade talk but came out of frustration over leaving the game . Both teams hit solo home runs in the first . Anthony Rizzo connected for his fifth	False
Dempster threw a water cooler in the Cubs ' dugout after being lifted for a pinch hitter in the top of the seventh . He said his brief outburst was not partially a byproduct of the trade talk but came out of frustration over leaving the game . Both teams hit solo home runs in the first . Anthony Rizzo connected for his fifth with two outs for Chicago and Walker countered with his ninth	False
Both teams hit solo home runs in the first . Anthony Rizzo connected for his fifth with two outs for Chicago and Walker countered with his ninth in the bottom half . The Cubs went back ahead in the fourth	True
The Cubs went back ahead in the fourth as Rizzo singled in David DeJesus , who had doubled , with two outs . The umpires upheld their ruling on DeJesus ' double after a video review showed a fan had touched the ball before it went over the center-field fence . Pittsburgh tied the score when McKenry hit a two - out solo homer off the left-field foul pole in the sixth	True
Ryan Ludwick and Todd Frazier had three hits and two RBIs each and Brandon Phillips continued his solid play since the injury to Joey Votto with three hits to help the Reds to the win . Ludwick connected on an RBI double in Cincinnati 's two - run third inning and added a run with a single in the eighth	True
Ryan Ludwick and Todd Frazier had three hits and two RBIs each and Brandon Phillips continued his solid play since the injury to Joey Votto with three hits to help the Reds to the win . Ludwick connected on an RBI double in Cincinnati 's two - run third inning and added a run with a single in the eighth . Frazier singled in a run in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick and Todd Frazier had three hits and two RBIs each and Brandon Phillips continued his solid play since the injury to Joey Votto with three hits to help the Reds to the win . Ludwick connected on an RBI double in Cincinnati 's two - run third inning and added a run with a single in the eighth . Frazier singled in a run in the first and had an RBI double in the eighth	False
The Reds got contributions up and down the order on Monday as they matched their season high with 17 hits . Drew Stubbs and Phillips hit consecutive one - out singles in the first inning before Stubbs advanced to third	False
The Astros failed to capitalize on opportunities early . Johnson singled to start the second inning and Ben Francisco singled with one out . Latos plunked Chris Snyder in the arm to load the bases with two outs , but retired Rodriguez to end the threat . Stubbs singled and stole second	False
Stubbs singled and stole second in the third inning . He scored on a double by Ludwick with one out to make it 2 - 0 . Scott Rolen drew a two - out walk and Chris Heisey followed with an RBI single to right to push the lead to 3 - 0 . Rodriguez allowed just one hit after that -- a single by Phillips in the fourth inning -- before he was replaced by Wilton Lopez for the seventh	True
Stubbs singled and stole second in the third inning . He scored on a double by Ludwick with one out to make it 2 - 0 . Scott Rolen drew a two - out walk and Chris Heisey followed with an RBI single to right to push the lead to 3 - 0 . Rodriguez allowed just one hit after that -- a single by Phillips in the fourth inning -- before he was replaced by Wilton Lopez for the seventh . The Reds had a baserunner in both the fifth	True
Johnson singled in the fourth inning and Francisco added a single with one out . Latos intentionally walked Snyder with two outs , but Rodriguez extended his season-long drought to 0 for 37 with a flyout to end the inning . Jose Altuve singled in the fifth	True
Baker said Latos sprained his ankle , but the pitcher said after the game that he was OK . Altuve scored on a groundout by Scott Moore to cut Cincinnati 's lead to 3 - 1 . Johnson 's one - out double , which bounced off the bullpen in right-center , scored Gonzalez to make it 3 - 2 . A single by Justin Maxwell put runners at the corners . Maxwell stole second	False
Hanigan drove in the last of Cincinnati 's eighth-inning runs with a single . Houston added a run in the eighth	True
Capuano went 11 - 12 with a 4.55 ERA for New York last season , proving he was healthy enough to warrant a $ 10 million , two - year contract from the Dodgers . He came in 0 - 5 with a 5.86 ERA against the Mets , but held them to three runs on eight hits and a walk . Pinch-hitter Daniel Murphy delivered an RBI triple in the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Daniel Murphy delivered an RBI triple in the eighth off Ronald Belisario and scored on a groundout by pinch-hitter Kirk Nieuwenhuis to cut New York 's deficit to 6 - 5 . James Loney singled with two outs in the ninth	True
Dickey threw 111 pitches over 7 1/3 innings Thursday in Washington to improve to 13 - 1 . Mets manager Terry Collins said Friday night he might use Dickey in relief late Saturday , his regular throw day between starts . Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen walked two in the ninth	True
Working from the stretch even with the bases empty , Batista walked three batters in the first inning and gave up an RBI single to Loney . Uribe , who began the day batting .186 , hit a two - run double to right on a 1 - 2 pitch with two outs in the third	True
It marked the second consecutive game in which the Mets ' starter never even came to bat . Santana was yanked after three innings and 72 pitches Friday night . He allowed six runs and seven hits in a 7 - 6 loss , dropping to 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA in his past three outings -- the worst stretch of his career . Treanor snapped an 0 - for - 23 drought with a two - out RBI double in the fifth	True
WASHINGTON -- Chipper Jones has seen a lot in his 19 seasons with Atlanta . But even he had n't seen anything like what the Braves did Friday night . Atlanta was down 9 - 0 after five innings with Washington Nationals star pitcher Stephen Strasburg on the mound . The Braves came back to take the lead in the top of the ninth	False
WASHINGTON -- Chipper Jones has seen a lot in his 19 seasons with Atlanta . But even he had n't seen anything like what the Braves did Friday night . Atlanta was down 9 - 0 after five innings with Washington Nationals star pitcher Stephen Strasburg on the mound . The Braves came back to take the lead in the top of the ninth . After the Nationals tied it , Atlanta pulled out a wild 11 - 10 win on Paul Janish 's run-scoring bloop single in the 11th	True
Atlanta was down 9 - 0 after five innings with Washington Nationals star pitcher Stephen Strasburg on the mound . The Braves came back to take the lead in the top of the ninth . After the Nationals tied it , Atlanta pulled out a wild 11 - 10 win on Paul Janish 's run-scoring bloop single in the 11th . In the top of the 11th	True
Atlanta was down 9 - 0 after five innings with Washington Nationals star pitcher Stephen Strasburg on the mound . The Braves came back to take the lead in the top of the ninth . After the Nationals tied it , Atlanta pulled out a wild 11 - 10 win on Paul Janish 's run-scoring bloop single in the 11th . In the top of the 11th , Dan Uggla led off with a single against Tom Gorzelanny ( 2 - 2 ) , advanced to second	False
Atlanta was down 9 - 0 after five innings with Washington Nationals star pitcher Stephen Strasburg on the mound . The Braves came back to take the lead in the top of the ninth . After the Nationals tied it , Atlanta pulled out a wild 11 - 10 win on Paul Janish 's run-scoring bloop single in the 11th . In the top of the 11th , Dan Uggla led off with a single against Tom Gorzelanny ( 2 - 2 ) , advanced to second on Ryan Zimmerman 's throwing error and then went to third	False
The nine - run lead was the largest ever given up by the Nationals franchise , including the games played as the Montreal Expos . Atlanta scored four runs in both the sixth	True
Atlanta scored four runs in both the sixth and eighth innings . Tyler Clippard came on in the ninth hoping to close the game for the Nationals but walked leadoff batter Uggla and hit Jarnish , who was squaring to bunt . After pinch hitter David Ross struck out , Michael Bourn tripled to right field to score both runners . Craig Kimbrel blew his second save in 30 chances in the bottom of the ninth	True
Craig Kimbrel blew his second save in 30 chances in the bottom of the ninth when Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer into the visitors ' bullpen in left-center field to tie the game at 10 . Eric O'Flaherty ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 10th	True
Craig Kimbrel blew his second save in 30 chances in the bottom of the ninth when Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer into the visitors ' bullpen in left-center field to tie the game at 10 . Eric O'Flaherty ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 10th to earn the win , and Chad Durbin was perfect in the 11th	True
Michael Morse and Zimmerman each hit two - out , three - run homers off Braves starter Tommy Hanson , who gave up a season-high eight runs on eight hits . Morse 's fifth homer of the year -- a bomb that nearly reached the Red Porch restaurant in the center-field concourse -- came in the first	True
Michael Morse and Zimmerman each hit two - out , three - run homers off Braves starter Tommy Hanson , who gave up a season-high eight runs on eight hits . Morse 's fifth homer of the year -- a bomb that nearly reached the Red Porch restaurant in the center-field concourse -- came in the first . Zimmerman added his 12th	False
Michael Morse and Zimmerman each hit two - out , three - run homers off Braves starter Tommy Hanson , who gave up a season-high eight runs on eight hits . Morse 's fifth homer of the year -- a bomb that nearly reached the Red Porch restaurant in the center-field concourse -- came in the first . Zimmerman added his 12th in the fourth	True
Michael Morse and Zimmerman each hit two - out , three - run homers off Braves starter Tommy Hanson , who gave up a season-high eight runs on eight hits . Morse 's fifth homer of the year -- a bomb that nearly reached the Red Porch restaurant in the center-field concourse -- came in the first . Zimmerman added his 12th in the fourth , hitting a 3 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats . The Nationals scored three more in the fifth	True
Lombardozzi had three hits in the game , extending his hitting streak to 13 games . Pitching on his 24th birthday , Strasburg held the Braves scoreless through the fifth	True
Lombardozzi had three hits in the game , extending his hitting streak to 13 games . Pitching on his 24th birthday , Strasburg held the Braves scoreless through the fifth , when rain started to fall , but seemed to tire in the sixth	True
He then got the baseball , exchanging a bat and two signed balls with the fan who caught it . Thome 's homer was his sixth	False
Thome had three hits , including his 449th career double , tying Hall of Famer Joe Morgan and two others for 97th all-time . He also struck out for the 2,526th time , leaving him 61 behind career leader Reggie Jackson . Ryan Flaherty had a three - run homer and Mark Reynolds doubled home two runs in Baltimore 's six - run third	True
Asdrubal Cabrera and Jack Hannahan homered for Cleveland , which has lost six of its last nine . Orioles reliever Matt Lindstrom was hit in the left knee by a wicked line drive by Johnny Damon in the eighth	True
Orioles reliever Matt Lindstrom was hit in the left knee by a wicked line drive by Johnny Damon in the eighth . He wanted to stay in the game , but with a 10 - 2 lead , Showalter brought in Kevin Gregg with the bases loaded and two outs and Lindstrom walked to the dugout . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a wild pitch by Lowe . J. J. Hardy hit a one - out double , moved up on a groundout by Thome and scored when Adam Jones walked on a pitch that got past catcher Matt Wieters . Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on Cabrera 's 12th homer . Hannahan hit his fourth	False
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a wild pitch by Lowe . J. J. Hardy hit a one - out double , moved up on a groundout by Thome and scored when Adam Jones walked on a pitch that got past catcher Matt Wieters . Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on Cabrera 's 12th homer . Hannahan hit his fourth in the seventh	True
Amarista , playing in center field for the injured Cameron Maybin , has hit safely in 16 of 17 games , batting .387 over that stretch . Forsythe nearly started a triple play in the second inning . Scott Maxwell hit a line drive that the second baseman leaped to catch . He threw to Everth Cabrera to double-up J. D. Martinez at second	False
Amarista , playing in center field for the injured Cameron Maybin , has hit safely in 16 of 17 games , batting .387 over that stretch . Forsythe nearly started a triple play in the second inning . Scott Maxwell hit a line drive that the second baseman leaped to catch . He threw to Everth Cabrera to double-up J. D. Martinez at second and Cabrera threw to first	False
The second baseman homered and had a season-high five RBIs , then scored the go-ahead run in the seventh inning on Todd Frazier 's single to help the Reds rally from a six - run deficit in a 7 - 6 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Thursday . Arizona led 6 - 3 with one out in the seventh	True
Arizona led 6 - 3 with one out in the seventh when reliever Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 4 ) walked pinch-hitter Xavier Paul and leadoff batter Drew Stubbs . Wilson Valdez 's grounder skipped under the glove of first baseman Paul Goldschmidt for a run-scoring error , setting up Phillips ' tying two - run double to left-center field . Phillips moved to third	False
Phillips moved to third on Jay Bruce 's groundout to Goldschmidt off reliever Mike Zagurski and scored on Frazier 's single to left off Brad Ziegler . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit in 1 2/3 innings for the win . Logan Ondrusek and Sean Marshall combined to pitch a scoreless eighth	True
Phillips moved to third on Jay Bruce 's groundout to Goldschmidt off reliever Mike Zagurski and scored on Frazier 's single to left off Brad Ziegler . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit in 1 2/3 innings for the win . Logan Ondrusek and Sean Marshall combined to pitch a scoreless eighth , and Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	False
The Reds improved to 2 - 2 in their first four games without All-Star first baseman Joey Votto , who underwent arthroscopic surgery Tuesday to repair a torn meniscus in his left knee . They also have 22 come-from-behind wins . Phillips , who usually bats fourth	False
Phillips , who usually bats fourth , finally got going in Votto 's normal No . 3 spot . He was a combined 3 - for - 11 with one RBI in the first three games since manager Dusty Baker moved him up a notch . The Diamondbacks scored in the first inning for the third time in the four - game series . Willie Bloomquist led off the game with a single to right field , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks scored in the first inning for the third time in the four - game series . Willie Bloomquist led off the game with a single to right field , stole second as Aaron Hill was striking out and scored on Goldschmidt 's two - out single to center . They made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
They made it 2 - 0 in the third on Bloomquist 's leadoff double to right field and Hill 's RBI single to right , which extended his hitting streak to 10 games . Hill added his 13th homer of the season , a 395-foot solo shot into the left field seats , with one out in the fifth	True
They made it 2 - 0 in the third on Bloomquist 's leadoff double to right field and Hill 's RBI single to right , which extended his hitting streak to 10 games . Hill added his 13th homer of the season , a 395-foot solo shot into the left field seats , with one out in the fifth . The Diamondbacks added three in the sixth	False
Hill added his 13th homer of the season , a 395-foot solo shot into the left field seats , with one out in the fifth . The Diamondbacks added three in the sixth , including Henry Blanco 's two - run homer , his first since Sept. 28 , against the Dodgers . Stubbs and Valdez led off the sixth	True
Stubbs and Valdez led off the sixth with singles before Phillips crushed a 1 - 1 pitch 428 feet into the second deck in left field for his 11th homer of the season . Arizona starter Joe Saunders allowed one hit in five innings before wilting in the sixth	True
Hernandez ( 8 - 5 ) is 4 - 0 with a 1.37 ERA in his past seven starts since a loss to San Diego on June 12 . While he leads the majors with 143 strikeouts , Hernandez struck out only three , tying his season low . He allowed one run and eight hits , throwing only 89 pitches in eight innings . Hernandez worked out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the eighth	True
Hernandez permitted four singles in the first two innings , but got double-play grounders in both to keep his pitch count down . The Mariners jumped on Royals rookie left-hander Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) for three runs in the second	True
The Mariners jumped on Royals rookie left-hander Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) for three runs in the second with Montero leading off the inning with his ninth home run . Michael Saunders had an RBI single and Brendan Ryan added a sacrifice fly . The Mariners increased the lead to 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Mariners increased the lead to 4 - 0 in the fifth when Ichiro Suzuki doubled and scored on Montero 's single . Montero had an RBI double off the left-field railing in the seventh inning and added a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Montero had an RBI double off the left-field railing in the seventh inning and added a sacrifice fly in the ninth to match his career high with four RBIs . Hernandez 's streak of 19 2/3 scoreless innings ended in the fifth	True
After the game Hernandez was sent back to Triple-A Charlotte . The club called up left-hander Donnie Veal from Charlotte to take his place . Ross broke a 1-all tie with his homer in the third	True
Ross broke a 1-all tie with his homer in the third . Ellsbury and Carl Crawford opened the inning with singles before Ross hit a drive into the seats above the Green Monster . With Boston leading 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
Doubront allowed one run and four hits in six innings with three walks and two strikeouts . Three relievers held Chicago hitless in the final three innings . Chicago went ahead on Konerko 's RBI single in the first	True
Kinney threw Butler a fastball , but in the wrong spot . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Royals starter Bruce Chen , who had an 11.85 ERA while giving up 24 hits and 18 runs in 13 2/3 innings in his past three starts , gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking none and striking out six . Chen gave up a solo home run to Kyle Seager in the second	True
Royals starter Bruce Chen , who had an 11.85 ERA while giving up 24 hits and 18 runs in 13 2/3 innings in his past three starts , gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking none and striking out six . Chen gave up a solo home run to Kyle Seager in the second and a two - run shot to Casper Wells in the fourth	True
Chen gave up a solo home run to Kyle Seager in the second and a two - run shot to Casper Wells in the fourth . He has allowed nine home runs in 19 innings over his past four starts . The Royals led 7 - 4 after five innings . Alex Gordon had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Chen gave up a solo home run to Kyle Seager in the second and a two - run shot to Casper Wells in the fourth . He has allowed nine home runs in 19 innings over his past four starts . The Royals led 7 - 4 after five innings . Alex Gordon had a two - run double in the fourth , while Cain homered in the fifth	False
The Royals led 7 - 4 after five innings . Alex Gordon had a two - run double in the fourth , while Cain homered in the fifth . The Kansas City bullpen , however , failed to hold the lead after Chen left . The Mariners scored three runs in the seventh	True
Mariners starter Kevin Millwood , who has not won since May 23 , allowed seven runs and 10 hits in five innings . Mike Moustakas doubled home Butler in the Royals ' three - run second	True
Carlos Lee hit a grand slam and the Miami Marlins beat the Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night , giving Guillen a win in his first game back managing in Chicago . Lee 's slam against Travis Wood highlighted a five - run fifth	True
Carlos Lee hit a grand slam and the Miami Marlins beat the Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night , giving Guillen a win in his first game back managing in Chicago . Lee 's slam against Travis Wood highlighted a five - run fifth and tied him with Jimmie Foxx and Ted Williams for seventh	False
The Cubs simply could n't strike the big blow , stranding 10 runners , and took the loss after winning 12 of 16 . It did n't help , either , that Wood ( 4 - 4 ) unraveled after winning his previous four starts . The left-hander lasted just 4 2/3 innings , giving up eight hits and eight runs . Miami scored three against him in the fourth	True
The Cubs simply could n't strike the big blow , stranding 10 runners , and took the loss after winning 12 of 16 . It did n't help , either , that Wood ( 4 - 4 ) unraveled after winning his previous four starts . The left-hander lasted just 4 2/3 innings , giving up eight hits and eight runs . Miami scored three against him in the fourth , with Infante 's two - run drive to left capping that rally . They then chased him during a five - run fifth	True
Wood left after giving up a one - out double to Ramirez and retiring Austin Kearns on a fly . Rafael Dolis came in and gave up back-to-back singles to Infante and John Buck that made it 8 - 0 . That was plenty for Sanchez , who allowed nine hits but just two runs ( one earned ) over seven innings while striking out seven and walking two . He gave up a solo homer to Jeff Baker in the fifth	True
Wood left after giving up a one - out double to Ramirez and retiring Austin Kearns on a fly . Rafael Dolis came in and gave up back-to-back singles to Infante and John Buck that made it 8 - 0 . That was plenty for Sanchez , who allowed nine hits but just two runs ( one earned ) over seven innings while striking out seven and walking two . He gave up a solo homer to Jeff Baker in the fifth . The Cubs got another run in the sixth	True
That was plenty for Sanchez , who allowed nine hits but just two runs ( one earned ) over seven innings while striking out seven and walking two . He gave up a solo homer to Jeff Baker in the fifth . The Cubs got another run in the sixth when Geovany Soto doubled and came around after Ramirez let Joe Mather 's grounder to third go under his glove . Ramirez made up for it in the seventh	True
He briefly said something to Boston catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia before taking off his helmet and turning to all corners of the ballpark to acknowledge the standing ovation , which lasted more than a minute . Youkilis then lined a single to center off Aaron Cook and scored with some aggressive baserunning . The former Red Sox star , traded to the White Sox last month , headed to third	False
It was the sort of hustle play Red Sox fans grew accustomed to from Youkilis , and they chanted his nickname again . And it was Chicago 's only run in a 5 - 1 loss to the Red Sox on Monday night . After the first inning , the team played a brief video tribute for Youkilis and the scoreboard read `` Thanks Youk ! '' Two innings later , he lined a double high off the Green Monster . In the sixth	True
Harrison 's 12th win kept him even with Tampa Bay 's David Price for the most in the American League and continued his streak against the Mariners . Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) has won eight straight starts against Seattle and is 5 - 0 all-time at Safeco Field . The eight straight wins over one team is the third longest streak in Rangers ' history . Charlie Hough won 13 straight against Cleveland and nine straight against Minnesota . It was the fourth complete-game shutout for Harrison and second	False
Ian Kinsler added his 10th homer of the season on the first pitch of the fifth inning off Seattle starter Hisashi Iwakuma ( 1 - 2 ) , who struggled through five innings . But it was Beltre an inning earlier that gave Harrison cushion to work with as the Rangers took two of three from the Mariners to begin the second half of the season . Craig Gentry opened the fourth inning with a single and Elvis Andrus doubled to right with one - out . Instead of taking their chances , the Mariners intentionally walked Josh Hamilton to load the bases . Beltre followed by bouncing a single through the left side of the infield to score Gentry and Andrus and the second	True
Craig Gentry opened the fourth inning with a single and Elvis Andrus doubled to right with one - out . Instead of taking their chances , the Mariners intentionally walked Josh Hamilton to load the bases . Beltre followed by bouncing a single through the left side of the infield to score Gentry and Andrus and the second of his three singles . Beltre was robbed of a fourth hit when Chone Figgins jumped and pulled down his line drive in the eighth	True
Beltre was robbed of a fourth hit when Chone Figgins jumped and pulled down his line drive in the eighth . Hamilton added an RBI groundout in the first inning , his Major League-leading 76th of the season . Seattle was shut out for the 11th time this season -- tied for most in the league with Oakland -- with the only offensive highlight being rookie Jesus Montero snapping a 0 - for - 23 skid with a single in the first inning . Seattle got base runners on Harrison but could never get a clutch two - out hit . The Mariners most promising threat came in the seventh	True
He drew a one - out walk off Everett Teaford ( 1 - 3 ) , and Alejandro De Aza sent a single down the third-base line to put runners on the corners for Youkilis , who muscled a fly ball deep to center to drive in the eventual winning run . Dylan Axelrod ( 1 - 2 ) worked around trouble in the 13th	True
He drew a one - out walk off Everett Teaford ( 1 - 3 ) , and Alejandro De Aza sent a single down the third-base line to put runners on the corners for Youkilis , who muscled a fly ball deep to center to drive in the eventual winning run . Dylan Axelrod ( 1 - 2 ) worked around trouble in the 13th for Chicago , and then retired the side in the 14th	True
Dylan Axelrod ( 1 - 2 ) worked around trouble in the 13th for Chicago , and then retired the side in the 14th to end a game that lasted 5 hours , 23 minutes . Both teams had chances to end it much earlier . Royals closer Jonathan Broxton blew a save in the ninth inning and White Sox closer Addison Reed did the same in the 12th	True
Of course , that was a microcosm of the entire back-and-forth affair . Adam Dunn and Alex Rios homered to give Chicago a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning , Mike Moustakas homered to help the Royals score three times in the second	True
Adam Dunn and Alex Rios homered to give Chicago a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning , Mike Moustakas homered to help the Royals score three times in the second , and Kansas City added two more runs in the fourth -- one coming on a homer by Francoeur down the left-field line . The White Sox charged back in the fifth	True
The Royals were down to their final out in the eighth inning when Cain doubled and Gordon walked . Alcides Escobar came through with a clutch two - run triple . Broxton , who seems to make every outing an adventure , gave up a single to Youkilis to start the ninth	True
Ventura argued to no avail with plate umpire Chris Guccione . The Royals put a runner aboard with one out in the 10th	True
Ventura argued to no avail with plate umpire Chris Guccione . The Royals put a runner aboard with one out in the 10th and could n't get him home , and loaded the bases with one out in the 11th	False
Cahill ( 7 - 7 ) gave up three runs and six hits and improved to 17 - 1 in his past 22 starts when Arizona scores three or more runs . Trailing 2 - 0 , Arizona scored three runs in the fifth inning . Gerardo Parra had a two - run double and then scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks added another run in the sixth	True
Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) lost his fifth straight start and has n't won since June 10 at Seattle . He allowed four runs on six hits and struck out five in six innings . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . The Dodgers cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
The Dodgers cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh on A. J. Ellis ' seventh home run of the season , but Jason Kubel 's solo home run in the bottom of the eighth restored the two - run advantage . Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh on A. J. Ellis ' seventh home run of the season , but Jason Kubel 's solo home run in the bottom of the eighth restored the two - run advantage . Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jerry Hairston Jr. 's two - run homer . It was his fourth	False
Mets star Johan Santana was tagged for a career high-tying 13 hits in only 4 2/3 innings . A night after they got two runs with two outs in the ninth	True
Mets star Johan Santana was tagged for a career high-tying 13 hits in only 4 2/3 innings . A night after they got two runs with two outs in the ninth to beat Philadelphia closer Jonathan Papelbon , the Mets scored three times off a wild Marmol . But with runners at first	False
Mets star Johan Santana was tagged for a career high-tying 13 hits in only 4 2/3 innings . A night after they got two runs with two outs in the ninth to beat Philadelphia closer Jonathan Papelbon , the Mets scored three times off a wild Marmol . But with runners at first and second	False
Mets star Johan Santana was tagged for a career high-tying 13 hits in only 4 2/3 innings . A night after they got two runs with two outs in the ninth to beat Philadelphia closer Jonathan Papelbon , the Mets scored three times off a wild Marmol . But with runners at first and second , Lucas Duda hit a liner up the middle that Marmol speared and flipped to first	False
A night after they got two runs with two outs in the ninth to beat Philadelphia closer Jonathan Papelbon , the Mets scored three times off a wild Marmol . But with runners at first and second , Lucas Duda hit a liner up the middle that Marmol speared and flipped to first for the final out . Reed Johnson led off the game with a homer , had four hits of Chicago 's season-high 18 and scored three runs . Rizzo , the Cubs ' most hyped prospect this season , singled in the eighth	True
Rizzo and Jeff Baker each homered in a five - run fifth inning that made it 7 - 2 . The Cubs held on to win for the eighth time in 11 games and sent the Mets to their third loss in nine games . Wood ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two earned runs and was removed after walking pinch-hitter Jordany Valdespin to start the seventh	True
Wood ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two earned runs and was removed after walking pinch-hitter Jordany Valdespin to start the seventh . Marmol had a rocky ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Ike Davis followed with a single , bringing up Duda . Marmol 's quick reflexes saved the Cubs . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , Santana fell awkwardly while trying to cover first base on an infield grounder by Johnson . Preparing to take the throw from first baseman Justin Turner , Santana reached out with his foot and apparently got stepped on , then could n't handle the toss with his bare hand and fell on his side . He took two warmup pitches and remained in the game , but gave up two homers and four more singles after that . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) left after Luis Valbuena 's RBI single . Valbuena was thrown out trying to take second	False
Santana ( 6 - 5 ) left after Luis Valbuena 's RBI single . Valbuena was thrown out trying to take second and Wood was coming to the plate with two outs , but Collins pulled him anyway . Johnson 's grounder to start the fifth	True
Johnson 's grounder to start the fifth was ruled a single , and Santana allowed another single to Darwin Barney before Rizzo 's drive . One out later , Baker hit a solo shot and then Geovany Soto , Joe Mather and Valbuena singled . The Mets went ahead 2 - 1 on Duda 's solo homer in the second	True
Johnson 's grounder to start the fifth was ruled a single , and Santana allowed another single to Darwin Barney before Rizzo 's drive . One out later , Baker hit a solo shot and then Geovany Soto , Joe Mather and Valbuena singled . The Mets went ahead 2 - 1 on Duda 's solo homer in the second and Ronny Cedeno 's RBI double in the third	True
The Mets went ahead 2 - 1 on Duda 's solo homer in the second and Ronny Cedeno 's RBI double in the third . Mike Nickeas added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
The Mets went ahead 2 - 1 on Duda 's solo homer in the second and Ronny Cedeno 's RBI double in the third . Mike Nickeas added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for an unearned run against Wood . Alfonso Soriano tacked on a run with a bases-loaded bloop single in the eighth	False
The Mets went ahead 2 - 1 on Duda 's solo homer in the second and Ronny Cedeno 's RBI double in the third . Mike Nickeas added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for an unearned run against Wood . Alfonso Soriano tacked on a run with a bases-loaded bloop single in the eighth to make it 8 - 3 . Turner hit an RBI single in the eighth	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Los Angeles Angels rallied past the Baltimore Orioles on Thursday night , and the clubhouse felt as if they had just absorbed a difficult loss . Most of it had to do with watching a teammate get sent down to the minor leagues after another poor performance . Rookie Garrett Richards surrendered three home runs but Los Angeles scored five times in the fourth	True
Manager Mike Scioscia kept the clubhouse closed for a half-hour . By the time reporters were allowed in , a downcast Richards was still at his locker getting some parting words of encouragement from teammates C. J. Wilson and Albert Pujols and pitching coach Mike Butcher . Richards gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings , including consecutive first-pitch homers by Mark Reynolds and Ryan Flaherty to open the second	True
Manager Mike Scioscia kept the clubhouse closed for a half-hour . By the time reporters were allowed in , a downcast Richards was still at his locker getting some parting words of encouragement from teammates C. J. Wilson and Albert Pujols and pitching coach Mike Butcher . Richards gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings , including consecutive first-pitch homers by Mark Reynolds and Ryan Flaherty to open the second and a three - run shot by Matt Wieters in the fourth	True
`` I'm not discouraged at all . I'm motivated . I know I belong up here . I know what kind of pitcher I am , and they know what kind of pitcher I am . So I'm just going to keep doing my thing , keep pitching like I'm pitching , and let them make the decision . '' LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) , the second	True
Arrieta is 3 - 9 with a 6.13 ERA in 101.1 innings pitched in 18 starts for the Orioles this season . He lasted 3.2 innings in each of his past two starts , allowing a total of 11 earned runs in those 7.1 innings pitched . The Orioles scored in the first	True
Arrieta is 3 - 9 with a 6.13 ERA in 101.1 innings pitched in 18 starts for the Orioles this season . He lasted 3.2 innings in each of his past two starts , allowing a total of 11 earned runs in those 7.1 innings pitched . The Orioles scored in the first , second	True
Arrieta is 3 - 9 with a 6.13 ERA in 101.1 innings pitched in 18 starts for the Orioles this season . He lasted 3.2 innings in each of his past two starts , allowing a total of 11 earned runs in those 7.1 innings pitched . The Orioles scored in the first , second and fourth	True
The Orioles scored in the first , second and fourth , but Arrieta 's failure to come up with a shutdown inning on any of those occasions ultimately led to his early exit . Angels standout rookie Mike Trout came up in the fourth representing the tying run after Howie Kendrick 's RBI single cut the margin to 7 - 4 . He had to settle for his second sacrifice fly , but Torii Hunter greeted Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) with an RBI single that trimmed the deficit to one . Pujols sent Hunter to third	False
The Orioles scored in the first , second and fourth , but Arrieta 's failure to come up with a shutdown inning on any of those occasions ultimately led to his early exit . Angels standout rookie Mike Trout came up in the fourth representing the tying run after Howie Kendrick 's RBI single cut the margin to 7 - 4 . He had to settle for his second sacrifice fly , but Torii Hunter greeted Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) with an RBI single that trimmed the deficit to one . Pujols sent Hunter to third with a single before stealing second	False
Angels standout rookie Mike Trout came up in the fourth representing the tying run after Howie Kendrick 's RBI single cut the margin to 7 - 4 . He had to settle for his second sacrifice fly , but Torii Hunter greeted Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) with an RBI single that trimmed the deficit to one . Pujols sent Hunter to third with a single before stealing second , and both runners scored on Morales ' hit to left field . Trout , heading to his first All-Star Game next week , stole three bases to increase his total to 26 -- all of them coming after his recall from Salt Lake on April 28 . He manufactured a run in the sixth	True
Angels standout rookie Mike Trout came up in the fourth representing the tying run after Howie Kendrick 's RBI single cut the margin to 7 - 4 . He had to settle for his second sacrifice fly , but Torii Hunter greeted Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) with an RBI single that trimmed the deficit to one . Pujols sent Hunter to third with a single before stealing second , and both runners scored on Morales ' hit to left field . Trout , heading to his first All-Star Game next week , stole three bases to increase his total to 26 -- all of them coming after his recall from Salt Lake on April 28 . He manufactured a run in the sixth by stealing second	False
Angels standout rookie Mike Trout came up in the fourth representing the tying run after Howie Kendrick 's RBI single cut the margin to 7 - 4 . He had to settle for his second sacrifice fly , but Torii Hunter greeted Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) with an RBI single that trimmed the deficit to one . Pujols sent Hunter to third with a single before stealing second , and both runners scored on Morales ' hit to left field . Trout , heading to his first All-Star Game next week , stole three bases to increase his total to 26 -- all of them coming after his recall from Salt Lake on April 28 . He manufactured a run in the sixth by stealing second and third	False
The Dodgers are in first place in the division despite missing three starters due to injury -- shortstop Dee Gordon will need surgery on his right thumb and miss six weeks , the club learned earlier Thursday . The Dodgers lost 11 of 12 games last month before turning things around with four wins in their past five games . Dodgers relievers Scott Elbert and Ronald Belisario combined on a scoreless seventh	True
The Dodgers are in first place in the division despite missing three starters due to injury -- shortstop Dee Gordon will need surgery on his right thumb and miss six weeks , the club learned earlier Thursday . The Dodgers lost 11 of 12 games last month before turning things around with four wins in their past five games . Dodgers relievers Scott Elbert and Ronald Belisario combined on a scoreless seventh and eighth inning , and Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth	True
Freddy Garcia returns to the rotation Monday , starting for Pettitte . The lefty is out for at least two months with a broken leg . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Cano , elected an All-Star starter by the fans , has homered in nine of his last 14 games and entered Sunday hitting .367 in 13 games since June 17 . But when he came up with the bases loaded and none out in the first inning he hit a tapper back to Floyd that was turned into a slick 1 - 2 - 2 double play . Cano has only one hit in 14 at-bats ( .071 ) with the bases full this season . Cano homered in the third	True
He was also in trouble the moment his toe touched the rubber , giving up consecutive singles and a walk to start . But Cano grounded into a double play and Nick Swisher struck out to extend Floyd 's scoreless streak to 14 1/3 innings . That would end in the second	True
That would end in the second . Raul Ibanez led off with a single and Chavez connected for his sixth homer . Cano lined a shot deep into the seats in the third	True
Atlanta has won Medlen 's last 17 starts dating to May 2010 and is 20 - 4 in his 24 career starts . Medlen picked off Everth Cabrera in the second inning and Alexi Amarista in the sixth	True
Medlen picked off Everth Cabrera in the second inning and Alexi Amarista in the sixth . Gonzalez said it had been a while since he 'd seen a right-hander pick off two runners . Medlen said he made the adjustment after giving up some stolen bases in his last start after not even looking at runners . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Dan Uggla homered leading off the fifth	True
Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . Dan Uggla homered leading off the fifth , his 1,000th career hit , and Chipper Jones hit an RBI double in the first	True
Ike Davis hit a tiebreaking double during a four - run 10th inning , Shoppach had a two - run homer and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 5 Tuesday night for their third straight victory . Shoppach hit a tying double in the eighth	True
New York 's Chris Young gave up five runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . Utley ripped his ninth homer out to right to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth	True
Utley ripped his ninth homer out to right to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth , ending Young 's night . The Mets rallied in the eighth	False
The Mets rallied in the eighth , an inning that 's plagued Philadelphia all season . David Wright worked a leadoff walk against Josh Lindblom . Antonio Bastardo entered and retired the next two batters before allowing Shoppach 's RBI double . Helped by Young 's control problems , the Phillies loaded the bases without a hit in the first	True
Helped by Young 's control problems , the Phillies loaded the bases without a hit in the first . Jimmy Rollins walked , Kevin Frandsen was hit by a pitch and Utley walked after hitting a few deep fouls . That brought up Howard , who drove one out to deep right-center to extend his franchise record to 11 career slams . But the Mets chipped away . Baxter connected in the fourth	True
But the Mets chipped away . Baxter connected in the fourth to get New York within a run on his second career homer . They chased Worley and tied it in the fifth	False
Luke Hochevar ( 7 - 12 ) took the loss , giving up five runs and eight hits in his second complete game this season . Boston broke a 1 - 1 tie on Ross ' two - run single in the third	True
Boston broke a 1 - 1 tie on Ross ' two - run single in the third . Scott Podsednik and Dustin Pedroia each singled before Ross hit a drive high off the Green Monster , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it on Alex Gordon 's throw . In the sixth	True
Boston broke a 1 - 1 tie on Ross ' two - run single in the third . Scott Podsednik and Dustin Pedroia each singled before Ross hit a drive high off the Green Monster , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it on Alex Gordon 's throw . In the sixth , the Red Sox added two runs off Hochevar . Ross had an RBI double off the left-field wall . He beat Gordon 's throw , sliding into second	False
Matsuzaka , in the final year of a six - year , $ 52 million contract , mostly spotted his fastball with a slider and cutter to keep the Royals hitters off balance . He was most impressive when he worked out of a first-and-third , one - out jam in the sixth	True
He was most impressive when he worked out of a first-and-third , one - out jam in the sixth , getting Mike Moustakas swinging on a tailing 94 mph fastball to end the inning . The Royals took advantage of an error , scoring a run without a hit to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He was most impressive when he worked out of a first-and-third , one - out jam in the sixth , getting Mike Moustakas swinging on a tailing 94 mph fastball to end the inning . The Royals took advantage of an error , scoring a run without a hit to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Jarrod Dyson opened the game with a walk , stole second	False
Hernandez 's brilliance came as no surprise . The Venezuelan has long been one of baseball 's best pitchers , and he 's on a roll these days even by his sterling standards as he chases a second AL Cy Young award . In his last 14 starts , he is 9 - 0 with a 1.40 ERA , 100 strikeouts , 17 walks and a perfect game . He 's allowed one earned run or fewer a staggering 16 times in 27 starts this season . To watch Hendriks , a 23-year-old Aussie who has n't picked up a win in 14 career starts and has been sent back down to Triple-A twice this season , match King Felix pitch for pitch through seven innings was something entirely unexpected . He needed just 68 pitches to get through six innings against the free-swinging Mariners before Thames got him in the eighth	True
Gutierrez singled in the first inning , a welcome sight for a Mariners offense that has missed his right-handed bat in the lineup and his glove in center field . But the mental part of his recovery from the concussion he suffered when he was hit on the ear by a pickoff attempt against Boston is ongoing . When Hendriks tried to pick him off two pitches later , Gutierrez gingerly scurried back to first base , protecting his head with his right hand . Later in the sixth	True
When Hendriks tried to pick him off two pitches later , Gutierrez gingerly scurried back to first base , protecting his head with his right hand . Later in the sixth , Hendriks buzzed him with a pitch up and in that appeared to hit Gutierrez on the hand , and the outfielder was n't happy as he stomped off to first base . He took an extra-base hit away from Trevor Plouffe in the third	True
He took an extra-base hit away from Trevor Plouffe in the third , ranging to the wall in left-center and leaping to grab it as Plouffe just shook his head . Hernandez grinned as he watched his center fielder haul it in , hinting that another magical night could be in the offing . Not exactly perfect , he walked Josh Willingham in the second inning , but he was carving up the Twins and kept a no-hitter going until Mauer singled with two outs in the fourth inning . The Twins had two on in the fifth	True
He took an extra-base hit away from Trevor Plouffe in the third , ranging to the wall in left-center and leaping to grab it as Plouffe just shook his head . Hernandez grinned as he watched his center fielder haul it in , hinting that another magical night could be in the offing . Not exactly perfect , he walked Josh Willingham in the second inning , but he was carving up the Twins and kept a no-hitter going until Mauer singled with two outs in the fourth inning . The Twins had two on in the fifth and Morneau led off the seventh	False
Rob Brantly gave Miami the lead for good with his first major league homer , and the Marlins also got long balls from Jose Reyes and Carlos Lee . Buehrle ( 12 - 11 ) won his third straight start , allowing a run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings with four strikeouts and three walks . He escaped a bases-loaded jam in the fifth	True
Brantly had put the Marlins ahead in the top half with a two - run shot . Ethier singled home a run in the seventh	True
Ethier singled home a run in the seventh , but was called out for interference moments later after making incidental contact with Lee at first base on a popup by Luis Cruz that was dropped by catcher Brantly just inside the first base line . Cruz , sent back to the plate on the dead ball following a lengthy discussion among the umpires , flied out to end the inning . The Marlins made it 4 - 2 in the eighth	False
Ethier singled home a run in the seventh , but was called out for interference moments later after making incidental contact with Lee at first base on a popup by Luis Cruz that was dropped by catcher Brantly just inside the first base line . Cruz , sent back to the plate on the dead ball following a lengthy discussion among the umpires , flied out to end the inning . The Marlins made it 4 - 2 in the eighth when Ramirez misplayed Bryan Petersen 's two - out grounder to shortstop with the bases loaded for an error . Steve Cishek retired new Dodgers slugger Adrian Gonzalez with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
Ethier singled home a run in the seventh , but was called out for interference moments later after making incidental contact with Lee at first base on a popup by Luis Cruz that was dropped by catcher Brantly just inside the first base line . Cruz , sent back to the plate on the dead ball following a lengthy discussion among the umpires , flied out to end the inning . The Marlins made it 4 - 2 in the eighth when Ramirez misplayed Bryan Petersen 's two - out grounder to shortstop with the bases loaded for an error . Steve Cishek retired new Dodgers slugger Adrian Gonzalez with the bases loaded to end the eighth , then pitched a hitless ninth	True
The Marlins made it 4 - 2 in the eighth when Ramirez misplayed Bryan Petersen 's two - out grounder to shortstop with the bases loaded for an error . Steve Cishek retired new Dodgers slugger Adrian Gonzalez with the bases loaded to end the eighth , then pitched a hitless ninth for his 11th save in 14 chances . Reyes and Lee had homered back-to-back against rookie Shawn Tolleson in the top of the ninth	False
Harang ( 9 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . The homers by Stanton and Brantly increased the total allowed this season by the right-hander to 14 . He gave up an average of 24.9 home runs over the previous eight seasons -- including 35 in 2008 with Cincinnati . Ethier was called out on strikes by Tony Randazzo in the first	True
Pitching in the majors for the first time since June 11 following a stint on the disabled list with an oblique strain , Toronto starter Brandon Morrow ( 7 - 5 ) allowed four runs , two earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . Toronto bolted to a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Pitching in the majors for the first time since June 11 following a stint on the disabled list with an oblique strain , Toronto starter Brandon Morrow ( 7 - 5 ) allowed four runs , two earned , and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . Toronto bolted to a 2 - 0 lead in the first . After Mike McCoy was thrown out trying to steal , Bautista drew a two - out walk and Encarnacion hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats -- his third homer in five games and fifth	False
Toronto bolted to a 2 - 0 lead in the first . After Mike McCoy was thrown out trying to steal , Bautista drew a two - out walk and Encarnacion hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats -- his third homer in five games and fifth over a 12-game span . Morrow struck out three of the first five batters he faced before the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the second	True
Morrow struck out three of the first five batters he faced before the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the second for rookie Manny Machado , who struck out . Baltimore pulled even with two unearned runs in the third	True
Morrow struck out three of the first five batters he faced before the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the second for rookie Manny Machado , who struck out . Baltimore pulled even with two unearned runs in the third . Nick Markakis scored from second	False
Baltimore pulled even with two unearned runs in the third . Nick Markakis scored from second when shortstop Yunel Escobar let a potential double-play grounder skip past him , and Wieters followed with a sacrifice fly . After Jones singled in two runs in the fifth	True
Baltimore pulled even with two unearned runs in the third . Nick Markakis scored from second when shortstop Yunel Escobar let a potential double-play grounder skip past him , and Wieters followed with a sacrifice fly . After Jones singled in two runs in the fifth , Hardy hit a two - run drive off Chad Jenkins in the sixth	True
Cleveland is 5 - 18 in August , a month that has felt like a year . Masterson , roughed up by Oakland in his previous start , allowed one run and seven hits . He walked two , struck out six and worked his way out of a major mess in the sixth	True
With the victory , the Indians avoided becoming the first team since the Kansas City Royals in 2006 to have two losing streaks of at least 10 games in the same season . Vinnie Pestano replaced Masterson in the seventh	True
Vinnie Pestano replaced Masterson in the seventh , inheriting two runners with two outs . Pestano walked Robinson Cano to load the bases before breaking Mark Teixeira 's bat on a popup . Perez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Despite their fifth loss in six road games , the AL East-leading Yankees remained 3 1/2 games ahead of Tampa Bay , which lost 4 - 2 to Oakland . Kuroda gave up Brantley 's homer in the first	True
Masterson coasted through five innings , allowing just three hits and holding a 3 - 0 lead . But the Yankees had him on the ropes in the sixth	True
Masterson coasted through five innings , allowing just three hits and holding a 3 - 0 lead . But the Yankees had him on the ropes in the sixth , when they loaded the bases with none out on two singles and a walk . Teixeira 's sacrifice fly to deep center made it 3 - 1 , and Masterson walked Curtis Granderson to refill the bases . However , Masterson got Eric Chavez on a liner to third	False
As the ball left his bat , Martin thought it would clear Choo 's head . Masterson got the first two outs in the seventh	True
Arizona is 4 - 9 in its last 13 home games after winning eight straight at home in July . Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) faded in the sixth	True
Alonso 's home run just over the right-field fence leading off the fifth put San Diego ahead 3 - 2 , and the Padres quickly added to the lead . Everth Cabrera walked to start the sixth	True
Alonso 's home run just over the right-field fence leading off the fifth put San Diego ahead 3 - 2 , and the Padres quickly added to the lead . Everth Cabrera walked to start the sixth and was sacrificed to second	False
Alonso followed with a sharp single to right , scoring Headley and Quentin for a 6 - 2 lead . San Diego added three more runs in the eighth	True
San Diego added three more runs in the eighth against Mike Zagurski and Brad Ziegler . Hill homered in the bottom of the eighth	False
Hill homered in the bottom of the eighth for the Diamondbacks . Headley homered just inside the right-field foul pole with two outs in the first	True
Headley homered just inside the right-field foul pole with two outs in the first to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . After Paul Goldschmidt walked leading off the second	True
Kinsler hit a leadoff home run and Mitch Moreland launched a 463-foot shot , leading Ryan Dempster and the Rangers over the Minnesota Twins 9 - 3 Saturday for their fourth straight win . Kinsler homered in the first inning , hit a bases-loaded triple in the third	True
Kinsler hit a leadoff home run and Mitch Moreland launched a 463-foot shot , leading Ryan Dempster and the Rangers over the Minnesota Twins 9 - 3 Saturday for their fourth straight win . Kinsler homered in the first inning , hit a bases-loaded triple in the third that made it 9 - 0 and also singled . Texas had 11 hits by the third	True
Duensing was coming off one of his best outings of the season , having held Oakland to two runs in six innings on Monday . But the left-hander got off to a rough start when Kinsler drove his third pitch into the seats in left . It was Kinsler 's 25th career leadoff homer . Nelson Cruz added an RBI double in the first	True
Moreland made his first start against a left-hander this season . Geovany Soto had an RBI single and Texas loaded the bases in the third	True
Geovany Soto had an RBI single and Texas loaded the bases in the third to chase Duensing . Kinsler , the second batter reliever Alex Burnett faced , tripled to deep right-center . Morneau 's 17th home run of the season in the fourth	True
Geovany Soto had an RBI single and Texas loaded the bases in the third to chase Duensing . Kinsler , the second batter reliever Alex Burnett faced , tripled to deep right-center . Morneau 's 17th home run of the season in the fourth was the first homer by Minnesota since Aug. 17 . In the sixth	True
Veteran first baseman James Loney was pulled from manager Don Mattingly 's original lineup before the game after word spread of a proposed blockbuster eight - player deal that would send him to Boston and bring first baseman Adrian Gonzalez , pitcher Josh Beckett and left fielder Carl Crawford to Chavez Ravine . Chad Billingsley , trying to win his seventh straight start , departed in the fourth inning with a 6 - 3 lead because of tenderness in his elbow . The right-hander was charged with three runs , five hits and three walks over 3 1/3 innings in his shortest outing this season after giving up a two - run homer in the first	True
Petersen led off with a single , and the switch-hitting Reyes hit his 10th home run into the lower seats in the right-field corner -- two pitches after Matt Kemp caught Ruggiano 's drive while banging into the center-field fence . It was only the second homer against Billingsley in his past 10 starts . Ethier , who was 3 - for - 26 with two RBIs in his previous seven games , put Los Angeles ahead 3 - 2 in the bottom half with his 13th homer after a walk to Mark Ellis and a single by Kemp . The Marlins tied it in the second	True
Ethier , who was 3 - for - 26 with two RBIs in his previous seven games , put Los Angeles ahead 3 - 2 in the bottom half with his 13th homer after a walk to Mark Ellis and a single by Kemp . The Marlins tied it in the second on groundout by Petersen that scored Donovan Solano , but Rivera regained the lead for the Dodgers in the bottom half with an opposite-field leadoff homer . Ramirez increased the margin to 6 - 3 in the third	True
Ethier , who was 3 - for - 26 with two RBIs in his previous seven games , put Los Angeles ahead 3 - 2 in the bottom half with his 13th homer after a walk to Mark Ellis and a single by Kemp . The Marlins tied it in the second on groundout by Petersen that scored Donovan Solano , but Rivera regained the lead for the Dodgers in the bottom half with an opposite-field leadoff homer . Ramirez increased the margin to 6 - 3 in the third with his 20th homer and sixth	False
Ethier , who was 3 - for - 26 with two RBIs in his previous seven games , put Los Angeles ahead 3 - 2 in the bottom half with his 13th homer after a walk to Mark Ellis and a single by Kemp . The Marlins tied it in the second on groundout by Petersen that scored Donovan Solano , but Rivera regained the lead for the Dodgers in the bottom half with an opposite-field leadoff homer . Ramirez increased the margin to 6 - 3 in the third with his 20th homer and sixth with Los Angeles . Kemp and Ethier added RBI singles against Carlos Zambrano during a five - run seventh	True
Wainwright matched his career high with 12 strikeouts in a five - hitter and the Cardinals punished rookie Lucas Harrell with six runs in the first three innings , getting over an excruciating 19-inning loss two days earlier with a 7 - 0 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Skip Schumaker and Yadier Molina had two RBIs apiece for the Cardinals , who got six hits the first seven at-bats in a four - run first	True
Wainwright matched his career high with 12 strikeouts in a five - hitter and the Cardinals punished rookie Lucas Harrell with six runs in the first three innings , getting over an excruciating 19-inning loss two days earlier with a 7 - 0 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Skip Schumaker and Yadier Molina had two RBIs apiece for the Cardinals , who got six hits the first seven at-bats in a four - run first and then capitalized on a pair of walks to open a two - run third	True
Wainwright ( 12 - 10 ) threw his second shutout and third complete game of the season . Two of the complete games have come during a string of six consecutive victories at home with a 1.42 ERA . He pitched a five - hitter on Aug. 4 , a 6 - 1 victory over the Brewers . Wainwright is 12 - 1 with a 1.58 ERA for his career against Houston . The Astros got two - out hits in the ninth	True
The day after their 6 - 3 , 19-inning loss to the Pirates -- the longest game in the majors this season -- Matheny led a delegation to help rebuild tornado-ravaged Joplin , Mo. , and other Cardinals played charity golf . Jay doubled to start the bottom of the first	True
The day after their 6 - 3 , 19-inning loss to the Pirates -- the longest game in the majors this season -- Matheny led a delegation to help rebuild tornado-ravaged Joplin , Mo. , and other Cardinals played charity golf . Jay doubled to start the bottom of the first , and with one out St. Louis got five straight singles from Matt Holliday , Allen Craig , David Freese , Molina and Schumaker . Craig and Freese walked to start the third	True
A night after Madison Bumgarner and Clayton Kershaw combined for 20 strikeouts and no walks in the series opener , Lincecum and Dodgers starter Joe Blanton brought losing records into their matchup . But Lincecum got the job done to earn his first win at Dodger Stadium in five starts and did n't allow any of the big innings that have plagued him this season . Javier Lopez pitched the ninth	True
Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two to fall to 0 - 3 in four starts with the Dodgers since being acquired from Philadelphia on Aug. 4 . Posey , who started at first base while Hector Sanchez took his spot behind the plate , got things started for the Giants with a two - run single in the first inning . They added two runs in the fourth	True
Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two to fall to 0 - 3 in four starts with the Dodgers since being acquired from Philadelphia on Aug. 4 . Posey , who started at first base while Hector Sanchez took his spot behind the plate , got things started for the Giants with a two - run single in the first inning . They added two runs in the fourth on an RBI single by Brandon Crawford and run-scoring double by Angel Pagan . He threw out Ellis at the plate for the first	False
Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two to fall to 0 - 3 in four starts with the Dodgers since being acquired from Philadelphia on Aug. 4 . Posey , who started at first base while Hector Sanchez took his spot behind the plate , got things started for the Giants with a two - run single in the first inning . They added two runs in the fourth on an RBI single by Brandon Crawford and run-scoring double by Angel Pagan . He threw out Ellis at the plate for the first out of the sixth	True
Saunders hit a two - run homer , Blake Beavan pitched into the sixth inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Sunday for their fifth straight victory . Seattle completed a three - game series sweep and has won 12 of 13 at Safeco Field . Minnesota lost its fifth	False
Seattle completed a three - game series sweep and has won 12 of 13 at Safeco Field . Minnesota lost its fifth in a row . The Mariners held a slim 2 - 1 lead before Saunders drove a 1 - 0 pitch from Jeff Gray over the wall in right in the seventh	True
Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 1 ) issued six walks in six innings for Minnesota , but limited Seattle to two runs and five hits . Trevor Plouffe put the Twins in front with a sacrifice fly in the second inning , but the Mariners took advantage of Deduno 's wildness to take the lead in the third	True
Beavan said the Twins , known for patience and plate discipline , played into his hands . The Twins finally chased Beavan in the sixth	True
The Twins finally chased Beavan in the sixth after one - out singles by Justin Morneau and Ryan Doumit . Carter Capps came in and walked Plouffe to load the bases , then struck out Matt Carson and retired Pedro Florimon to end the inning . After Saunders ' home run , the Mariners added one more in the seventh	False
The 28-year-old right-hander has allowed at least four earned runs in four consecutive starts for the first time in his nine - year career . He also dropped a 2 - 0 decision to the Rays on July 29 in his Angels debut . The Rays grabbed a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rays grabbed a 4 - 0 lead in the second when Greinke hit No . 9 hitter Elliot Johnson on the leg with the bases loaded on his first pitch to him . Greinke forced home another run with a two - out walk to B. J. Upton before Joyce capped the burst with a two - run single . Moore had gone eight starts and 56 2/3 innings without allowing a home run until Trout led off the fourth	True
The Rays grabbed a 4 - 0 lead in the second when Greinke hit No . 9 hitter Elliot Johnson on the leg with the bases loaded on his first pitch to him . Greinke forced home another run with a two - out walk to B. J. Upton before Joyce capped the burst with a two - run single . Moore had gone eight starts and 56 2/3 innings without allowing a home run until Trout led off the fourth with his 24th . But Roberts responded in the fifth	True
Moore had gone eight starts and 56 2/3 innings without allowing a home run until Trout led off the fourth with his 24th . But Roberts responded in the fifth with a drive into the left-field bullpen to extend Tampa Bay 's lead to 6 - 1 . Moore gave up two - out singles to Erick Aybar and Vernon Wells in the fifth	True
Moore walked Wilson on the next pitch , loading the bases , but retired Trout on a fly ball . Pujols hit his 28th homer and 473rd of his career in the sixth	True
What he had was good enough to get his 16th win , tying him for the major league lead and setting a Washington Nationals team record . Gonzalez gave up seven hits and needed 110 pitches to get through 5 2/3 innings , but he did n't allow a run until the sixth	True
Gonzalez ( 16 - 6 ) would n't admit to being troubled by the delay , despite giving up seven hits . He has won more games in a season than anyone else since the Nationals moved to Washington in 2005 . Harper had a home run and a triple , and Espinosa also homered as the Nationals won for the third time in their past four games . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jeremy Hefner ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs and eight hits as the Mets lost for the ninth time in 13 games . Espinosa hit a two - run home run , his 14th	False
Washington got another pair of runs with three straight hits an inning later . Jayson Werth led off with a single , Harper followed with a run-scoring triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . It was Harper 's team-leading sixth triple , and the 19-year-old added another run when he led off the fifth	True
It was Harper 's team-leading sixth triple , and the 19-year-old added another run when he led off the fifth with his 12th homer off the front of the upper deck in right-center field , extending Washington 's lead to 5 - 0 . The Mets got on the board in the sixth	True
The Mets got on the board in the sixth when Ike Davis led off with a double and scored on Jason Bay 's groundout . New York was 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position , with the lone hit coming on Kelly Shoppach 's run-scoring single in the eighth	True
Kendrick ( 6 - 9 ) struck out seven and walked one . In his previous start , he threw seven impressive innings and beat Miami 1 - 0 . Braun , who had homered in each of the first three games of the series to push his NL-leading total to 33 , went 0 for 3 against Kendrick . Braun 's hit was a double off Michael Schwimer to start the ninth	True
`` We just kind of went with my strengths . Got him out on a sinker away . The second time it was a 1 - 2 cutter . Then first pitch changeup . We tried to keep him off balance . '' Braun 's next time up , he flied out to center with a runner in scoring position . In the sixth	True
Braun was carrying the load after Brewers manager Ron Roenicke gave Aramis Ramirez and Corey Hart the day off . Kendrick allowed Nyjer Morgan 's leadoff triple in the first	True
Kendrick allowed Nyjer Morgan 's leadoff triple in the first , then trapped the speedster on Rickie Weeks ' hard comebacker . Kendrick tagged out Morgan in a rundown . Kendrick retired 11 straight batters before walking Jonathan Lucroy to start the seventh	True
Kendrick allowed Nyjer Morgan 's leadoff triple in the first , then trapped the speedster on Rickie Weeks ' hard comebacker . Kendrick tagged out Morgan in a rundown . Kendrick retired 11 straight batters before walking Jonathan Lucroy to start the seventh . Kendrick retired the next three batters and then worked a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
Domonic Brown drove in four runs and scored twice . Michael Martinez , who began the day hitting .130 , homered off Randy Wolf ( 3 - 10 ) . Brown doubled and singled twice . He walked in the second	True
Brown doubled and singled twice . He walked in the second and Martinez hit his second homer of the season and first since being recalled Aug. 1 from Triple-A . Brown made it 5 - 0 when his double cleared the bases after two singles and a walk in the third	True
Brown made it 5 - 0 when his double cleared the bases after two singles and a walk in the third . Martinez followed with a single and center fielder Carlos Gomez threw out Brown at the plate . Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth	False
Brown made it 5 - 0 when his double cleared the bases after two singles and a walk in the third . Martinez followed with a single and center fielder Carlos Gomez threw out Brown at the plate . Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth . Brown hit an RBI single in the ninth	False
Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth . Brown hit an RBI single in the ninth . In the Brewers ninth	True
John Mayberry Jr. and Erik Kratz hit back-to-back home runs and Hamels tied a season high with 10 strikeouts to help the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 Saturday night . Hamels ( 14 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and three earned runs in 7 2/3 innings . He walked just one batter , but gave up a two - run homer to Ryan Braun with two outs in the eighth	True
John Mayberry Jr. and Erik Kratz hit back-to-back home runs and Hamels tied a season high with 10 strikeouts to help the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 3 Saturday night . Hamels ( 14 - 6 ) gave up eight hits and three earned runs in 7 2/3 innings . He walked just one batter , but gave up a two - run homer to Ryan Braun with two outs in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon came on and struck out Aramis Ramirez , then pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Hamels entered the game having thrown 22 consecutive scoreless innings over his previous three starts . The stretch included consecutive nine - inning shutouts , against Atlanta on Aug. 7 and Miami on Monday . After retiring the Brewers in order in the first inning , the left-hander , who was the MVP of the 2008 World Series , yielded a home run to Ramirez to lead off the bottom of the second	True
The home run to Braun in the eighth came after Hamels allowed a single to Jonathan Lucroy . The Phillies got on the scoreboard first	False
The home run to Braun in the eighth came after Hamels allowed a single to Jonathan Lucroy . The Phillies got on the scoreboard first when Mayberry hit a two - run homer over the left-field wall with no outs in the top of the second	True
The Phillies got on the scoreboard first when Mayberry hit a two - run homer over the left-field wall with no outs in the top of the second . Mayberry 's home run came after Laynce Nix drew a walk to open the inning . Catcher Erik Kratz followed with solo shot to the second level in left field , making it 3 - 0 . The Phillies added another run in the third	True
The Phillies got on the scoreboard first when Mayberry hit a two - run homer over the left-field wall with no outs in the top of the second . Mayberry 's home run came after Laynce Nix drew a walk to open the inning . Catcher Erik Kratz followed with solo shot to the second level in left field , making it 3 - 0 . The Phillies added another run in the third when Ryan Howard hit a double , driving in Chase Utley , who led off with a single . The Brewers had a chance to cut into the lead in the bottom of the inning when Lucroy singled with two outs . Braun followed with a shot to the base of the left field wall , but Lucroy inexplicably stopped at second	False
Pinch-hitter Carlos Pena delivered a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , Evan Longoria also hit a two - run shot and the Rays overcame an eight - run deficit against Wilson to beat Los Angeles 10 - 8 on Saturday night . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) earned the win with a perfect seventh	True
Pinch-hitter Carlos Pena delivered a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , Evan Longoria also hit a two - run shot and the Rays overcame an eight - run deficit against Wilson to beat Los Angeles 10 - 8 on Saturday night . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) earned the win with a perfect seventh and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his major league-leading 38th save . The Rays , held to one hit over the first four innings by Wilson , rallied from an 8 - 0 hole with seven runs in the fifth	True
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) earned the win with a perfect seventh and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his major league-leading 38th save . The Rays , held to one hit over the first four innings by Wilson , rallied from an 8 - 0 hole with seven runs in the fifth against the All-Star left-hander . Rodney ended the game by striking out Erick Aybar and retiring pinch-hitter Maicer Izturis on a grounder with runners at second	False
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) earned the win with a perfect seventh and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his major league-leading 38th save . The Rays , held to one hit over the first four innings by Wilson , rallied from an 8 - 0 hole with seven runs in the fifth against the All-Star left-hander . Rodney ended the game by striking out Erick Aybar and retiring pinch-hitter Maicer Izturis on a grounder with runners at second and third	False
Rodney ended the game by striking out Erick Aybar and retiring pinch-hitter Maicer Izturis on a grounder with runners at second and third . Tampa Bay tied it in the sixth	True
Rookie sensation Mike Trout homered and drove in three runs for the Angels . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer , his 27th . The game started on an ominous note for the Rays when B. J. Upton lined a pitch off the fence in left-center , missed first base by at least three feet while making the turn and had to settle for a single . He then was picked off by Wilson and subsequently thrown out at second	False
It got worse for the Rays in the bottom half , as Cobb fell behind 3 - 0 after just 13 pitches . Trout led off with his 23rd homer on the right-hander 's second pitch , hitting the rock formation in left-center on the fly . It began a string of five straight hits , including RBI singles by Kendrys Morales and Mark Trumbo . The Angels increased the margin to 7 - 0 in the second	True
The Angels increased the margin to 7 - 0 in the second . Trout singled home a run , then stole his franchise-record 30th consecutive base and scored on Torii Hunter 's double . Pujols followed with a towering drive far beyond the bullpen gate on Cobb 's 36th pitch . The speedy Trout drove in the Angels ' eighth run in the fourth	True
Jones homered twice on a night when a big crowd turned out to get a souvenir from his farewell season , and the Atlanta Braves won their 15th straight game with Kris Medlen as a starter , beating the San Diego Padres 6 - 0 on Thursday . Seizing the moment before a weeknight turnout of 33,157 -- more than the previous two nights combined -- Jones hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Jones homered twice on a night when a big crowd turned out to get a souvenir from his farewell season , and the Atlanta Braves won their 15th straight game with Kris Medlen as a starter , beating the San Diego Padres 6 - 0 on Thursday . Seizing the moment before a weeknight turnout of 33,157 -- more than the previous two nights combined -- Jones hit a two - run homer in the first , then added a towering solo shot over the wall in center field in the fifth	True
Seizing the moment before a weeknight turnout of 33,157 -- more than the previous two nights combined -- Jones hit a two - run homer in the first , then added a towering solo shot over the wall in center field in the fifth . For the 40-year-old Jones , who is retiring after this season , it was his first multihomer game in more than three years and gave him 12 homers in what is turning out to be quite a final year . He raised his team-leading average to .315 and came out of the dugout for a curtain call after both drives , the second	False
For the 40-year-old Jones , who is retiring after this season , it was his first multihomer game in more than three years and gave him 12 homers in what is turning out to be quite a final year . He raised his team-leading average to .315 and came out of the dugout for a curtain call after both drives , the second of which was his 2,700th career hit . Oh , and the third baseman also made a diving grab , flipping the ball from his stomach to get a force at second	False
Medlen ( 4 - 1 ) did what he always seems to do as a starter -- ensure the Braves of a victory . In between his frequent stints as a reliever , Atlanta has won 15 consecutive times when the right-hander begins the game since May 2010 . That is the longest current streak in the majors and ties the franchise record set by John Smoltz during his Cy Young Award-winning season in 1996 . Medlen wo n't be in line for a Cy Young , but he 's proven to be one of the Braves ' most reliable pitchers no matter what role he 's put in . He also showed off his defensive skills , snagging a liner in the first	True
Medlen wo n't be in line for a Cy Young , but he 's proven to be one of the Braves ' most reliable pitchers no matter what role he 's put in . He also showed off his defensive skills , snagging a liner in the first and spinning around to throw out his counterpart , Jason Marquis , at the plate as he attempted to score on a third-inning grounder . Michael Bourn led off the game for Atlanta with a double just inside the first-base bag , but it looked as though Marquis ( 6 - 7 ) might escape the jam when Martin Prado lined out to second	False
While he has to take frequent days off to rest his aging , battered body , Jones tries to build his schedule around special events such as the bobblehead night . The crowd was appreciative when he came up again in the fifth	True
The crowd was appreciative when he came up again in the fifth , right after Heyward homered with two outs for a 3 - 0 lead . Jones followed suit , connecting on a fat pitch that left Marquis standing on the mound , hands on his knees , not even bothering to look . Center fielder Cameron Maybin made a halfhearted leap at the wall , but that was just to get a better look . This one cleared it with plenty to spare , while Jones rounded the bases in that familiar trot of his . The Braves were n't done in the fifth	True
Lee was removed after an error with two outs in the eighth kept the inning alive . Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) entered the game and loaded the bases before Hart hit a 2 - 2 pitch just over the wall in right to snap Milwaukee 's three - game losing streak . With two outs in the eighth	True
Lee was removed after an error with two outs in the eighth kept the inning alive . Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) entered the game and loaded the bases before Hart hit a 2 - 2 pitch just over the wall in right to snap Milwaukee 's three - game losing streak . With two outs in the eighth , Rickie Weeks was batting and Philadelphia held a 4 - 3 lead . Lee 's 111th pitch was hit to Kevin Frandsen at third	False
With two outs in the eighth , Rickie Weeks was batting and Philadelphia held a 4 - 3 lead . Lee 's 111th pitch was hit to Kevin Frandsen at third , but he made a throwing error to keep the inning alive . Weeks reached second	False
Lee said he understood why Manuel removed him . Livan Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Lee allowed two solo home runs by Braun and a solo homer by Ramirez but pitched 7 2/3 innings , giving up five hits without walking a batter and striking out 12 . He was in line for only his third win in 22 starts until Hart 's late heroics . The homers by Braun and Ramirez allowed the Brewers to open a 3 - 1 lead , but Philadelphia took the lead on Frandsen 's two - out double off Milwaukee starter Marco Estrada in the fifth	True
Ramirez followed with a homer to center , his 16th , to make it 2 - 0 . Philadelphia pulled within 2 - 1 in the third	True
Ramirez followed with a homer to center , his 16th , to make it 2 - 0 . Philadelphia pulled within 2 - 1 in the third when Jimmy Rollins scored from third	False
Philadelphia pulled within 2 - 1 in the third when Jimmy Rollins scored from third on a fielder 's choice . Braun then hit his second homer of the game in the fourth	True
The Venezuelan-born Felix Hernandez is the second player born in Latin America to throw a perfect game . Dennis Martinez , born in Nicaragua , threw a perfect game in 1991 . In fact , he is the second player born outside of the United States to throw a perfect game Desmond Jennings pinch hit for Jose Lobaton to open the ninth	True
With a fastball in the mid-90s mph and an effective change , Hernandez simply was n't hittable . He also was n't about to walk anyone , and got the final out after starting off Rodriguez with two balls . The Rays seemed to try another technique to disrupt Hernandez , and that also failed . With two outs in the seventh	True
Hernandez cruised through the first five innings with little trouble . The most concerning moment may have been Sam Fuld 's deep fly ball to right center leading off the game that Eric Thames tracked down on the edge of the warning track . Longoria 's line drive leading off the fifth eluded Hernandez 's glove but was directly at second baseman Dustin Ackley . Hernandez struck out the side in the sixth	True
Hernandez cruised through the first five innings with little trouble . The most concerning moment may have been Sam Fuld 's deep fly ball to right center leading off the game that Eric Thames tracked down on the edge of the warning track . Longoria 's line drive leading off the fifth eluded Hernandez 's glove but was directly at second baseman Dustin Ackley . Hernandez struck out the side in the sixth , retiring Rodriguez on a check swing to finish the inning and ending the frame having thrown just 69 pitches . Fuld tapped out to second	False
Hernandez cruised through the first five innings with little trouble . The most concerning moment may have been Sam Fuld 's deep fly ball to right center leading off the game that Eric Thames tracked down on the edge of the warning track . Longoria 's line drive leading off the fifth eluded Hernandez 's glove but was directly at second baseman Dustin Ackley . Hernandez struck out the side in the sixth , retiring Rodriguez on a check swing to finish the inning and ending the frame having thrown just 69 pitches . Fuld tapped out to second to open the seventh	True
Hernandez cruised through the first five innings with little trouble . The most concerning moment may have been Sam Fuld 's deep fly ball to right center leading off the game that Eric Thames tracked down on the edge of the warning track . Longoria 's line drive leading off the fifth eluded Hernandez 's glove but was directly at second baseman Dustin Ackley . Hernandez struck out the side in the sixth , retiring Rodriguez on a check swing to finish the inning and ending the frame having thrown just 69 pitches . Fuld tapped out to second to open the seventh and B. J. Upton grounded out to shortstop for the second	True
After Maddon 's ejection , Joyce worked the count to 3 - 2 , Hernandez 's third three - ball count , and hit an inning-ending groundout . Seattle did n't do much in the bottom of the seventh	True
Seattle did n't do much in the bottom of the seventh , but it was a long inning for Hernandez on the bench , extended even further by Ryan 's nine - pitch at-bat that culminated in an inning-ending grounder . The wait did n't hamper Hernandez , who struck out Longoria on a biting breaking ball to start the eighth	True
It was the fifth time this season Hernandez has struck out 10 or more . Most of his outs were on the infield with only five fly ball outs . Seattle 's only run came thanks to the aggressive baserunning of Ryan . He led off the third	True
It was the fifth time this season Hernandez has struck out 10 or more . Most of his outs were on the infield with only five fly ball outs . Seattle 's only run came thanks to the aggressive baserunning of Ryan . He led off the third with his first hit in 10 at-bats against Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 8 ) with a sharp single to left . He was still standing at first	False
It was the fifth time this season Hernandez has struck out 10 or more . Most of his outs were on the infield with only five fly ball outs . Seattle 's only run came thanks to the aggressive baserunning of Ryan . He led off the third with his first hit in 10 at-bats against Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 8 ) with a sharp single to left . He was still standing at first with two outs when he got a great jump on a curveball that bounced in the dirt and escaped Lobaton . Ryan never hesitated at second	False
It was the fifth time this season Hernandez has struck out 10 or more . Most of his outs were on the infield with only five fly ball outs . Seattle 's only run came thanks to the aggressive baserunning of Ryan . He led off the third with his first hit in 10 at-bats against Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 8 ) with a sharp single to left . He was still standing at first with two outs when he got a great jump on a curveball that bounced in the dirt and escaped Lobaton . Ryan never hesitated at second and made it all the way to third	False
Eric Young Jr. , who homered earlier in the game , also singled to put runners at the corners . Colvin followed with a double down the first base line past a diving Corey Hart , scoring the speedy Young from first	False
The Brewers used a five - run fifth inning to overcome an early 4 - 0 deficit and chase starter Guillermo Moscoso . Weeks and Corey Hart had RBI doubles , Morgan had a two - run single off reliever Carlos Torres and Jean Segura hit a sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the sixth	True
The Brewers used a five - run fifth inning to overcome an early 4 - 0 deficit and chase starter Guillermo Moscoso . Weeks and Corey Hart had RBI doubles , Morgan had a two - run single off reliever Carlos Torres and Jean Segura hit a sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the sixth on Nelson 's RBI single , but Hart scored on Morgan 's single with two outs in the seventh	True
With runners on the corners , Ramon Hernandez 's single to center scored Colvin . Jordan Pacheco walked to load the bases and Nelson followed with a two - run single to left . The Brewers escaped further damage when Pacheco was tagged out in a rundown between third	False
The Brewers escaped further damage when Pacheco was tagged out in a rundown between third and home . Young made it 4 - 0 with a two - out , solo homer in the third	True
The Brewers escaped further damage when Pacheco was tagged out in a rundown between third and home . Young made it 4 - 0 with a two - out , solo homer in the third . It was his fourth	False
The Brewers escaped further damage when Pacheco was tagged out in a rundown between third and home . Young made it 4 - 0 with a two - out , solo homer in the third . It was his fourth of the year and second	False
Mastroianni and Ryan Doumit each homered and drove in three runs , Samuel Deduno pitched into the eighth inning and the Minnesota Twins beat the struggling Detroit Tigers 9 - 3 Monday night to snap a four - game skid . Deduno ( 4 - 0 ) held Detroit hitless through four innings and retired nine of 10 batters before getting into trouble in the eighth	True
Deduno ( 4 - 0 ) held Detroit hitless through four innings and retired nine of 10 batters before getting into trouble in the eighth . The 29-year-old right-hander struck out six and remained undefeated in seven career starts . Doumit broke it open with a three - run homer off reliever Duane Below that made it 8 - 1 in the seventh	True
Miguel Cabrera got his 99th RBI for Detroit , which has lost three straight and five of six . Mastroianni gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead with a solo homer in the fifth	True
It was n't the only fortunate bounce the Twins got . With runners on first	False
It was n't the only fortunate bounce the Twins got . With runners on first and third	False
It was n't the only fortunate bounce the Twins got . With runners on first and third and one run already home in the Detroit fifth	True
It was n't the only fortunate bounce the Twins got . With runners on first and third and one run already home in the Detroit fifth , Dirks lined a pitch off Deduno 's glove that ricocheted to second baseman Alexi Casilla , who caught it and doubled off Omar Infante at first	False
With runners on first and third and one run already home in the Detroit fifth , Dirks lined a pitch off Deduno 's glove that ricocheted to second baseman Alexi Casilla , who caught it and doubled off Omar Infante at first to end the inning . Tigers starter Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) took a grounder off his left knee in the first	True
Detroit 's offense , which had at least 10 hits in eight of 11 August games entering Monday , could n't figure out Deduno 's cutter and mixture of off-speed stuff until it was too late . The Tigers could have had one more hit , but Mastroianni made a diving catch to rob Prince Fielder in the eighth	True
Through seven innings , he allowed only one run on two hits and pitched around five walks . He left to a standing ovation with two on and nobody out in the eighth	True
Mark Reynolds drove in the tiebreaking run in the sixth inning for the Orioles , who earned a split of the four - game series . Machado hit a two - run homer in the second	True
But the Royals had no answer for Machado , who went 6 for 16 with six extra-base hits and seven RBIs in the four games . Baltimore went up 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
But the Royals had no answer for Machado , who went 6 for 16 with six extra-base hits and seven RBIs in the four games . Baltimore went up 4 - 3 in the sixth . After Chen issued two straight walks , Reynolds greeted Louis Coleman with an RBI single to left . The Orioles added an unearned run in the eighth	False
Baltimore went up 4 - 3 in the sixth . After Chen issued two straight walks , Reynolds greeted Louis Coleman with an RBI single to left . The Orioles added an unearned run in the eighth . Luis Ayala ( 4 - 3 ) worked the sixth	True
Orioles starter Tommy Hunter gave up three runs and eight hits in five innings . The right-hander has yielded at least one home run in 10 straight starts , and the two walks were Hunter 's most in a game since April 24 . After stranding runners at the corners in the first inning , the Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
After stranding runners at the corners in the first inning , the Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Reynolds led off with a walk before Machado hit a drive to center that umpires initially ruled bounced off the top of the wall . After a quick replay review , Machado broke into his home-run trot from second base . Moustakas ended an 0 - for - 10 drought with a liner off the foul pole in right field leading off the fourth	True
Moustakas ended an 0 - for - 10 drought with a liner off the foul pole in right field leading off the fourth , and Brayan Pena added a sacrifice fly to tie it at 2 . The Royals got a run in the fifth	False
The Brewers have lost 10 straight on the road for the first time since 1992 . Houston trailed 3 - 2 entering the ninth	True
Houston trailed 3 - 2 entering the ninth . Brett Wallace walked with no outs and was replaced by pinch runner Tyler Greene , who was making his Astros debut after being acquired in a trade with St. Louis on Thursday . He stole second base and advanced to third	False
Steve Pearce 's RBI single to center tied it at 3 . Pearce advanced to second	False
Houston 's comeback win ruined a good night for Milwaukee starter Mark Rogers . He did n't allow a hit until the fifth inning and gave up three hits -- all singles -- with one run in a career-long seven innings . Rogers , who replaced Zack Greinke in the rotation , struck out a career-high eight with two walks . Carlos Corporan drove in Houston 's first run with a single in the fifth inning and added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Ryan Braun 's double gave Milwaukee a 1 - 0 lead . Weeks doubled in the second	True
Ryan Braun 's double gave Milwaukee a 1 - 0 lead . Weeks doubled in the second , fourth	True
Weeks doubled in the second , fourth and seventh innings . Each of the hits landed in almost the same spot in the corner of left field . Houston 's first hit came with one out in the fifth	True
Houston 's first hit came with one out in the fifth on a bunt single by Scott Moore which dribbled down the left field line . Weeks opened the seventh	True
Chatwood ( 2 - 2 ) scattered three hits over five innings in his second start this season . The right-hander , who began the year in the bullpen , had two strikeouts and two walks . It was the third shutout by Rockies pitchers this season and the second	False
Chatwood , making his second start in six days against the Giants , kept San Francisco 's bats quiet before Colorado 's bullpen stymied the Giants over the final four innings . Adam Ottavino pitched two innings , Matt Belisle worked the eighth	True
Chatwood , making his second start in six days against the Giants , kept San Francisco 's bats quiet before Colorado 's bullpen stymied the Giants over the final four innings . Adam Ottavino pitched two innings , Matt Belisle worked the eighth and Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Adam Ottavino pitched two innings , Matt Belisle worked the eighth and Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 20th save . LeMahieu singled leading off the third	True
Adam Ottavino pitched two innings , Matt Belisle worked the eighth and Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 20th save . LeMahieu singled leading off the third , was sacrificed to second	False
Adam Ottavino pitched two innings , Matt Belisle worked the eighth and Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 20th save . LeMahieu singled leading off the third , was sacrificed to second and scored from third	False
LeMahieu singled leading off the third , was sacrificed to second and scored from third on Dexter Fowler 's single to left-center . Fowler tried to stretch his hit into a double but was thrown out by center fielder Angel Pagan . In the fourth	True
Chatwood was n't overpowering but he was effective . The Giants got a runner to second	False
Chatwood was n't overpowering but he was effective . The Giants got a runner to second in the third	True
Chatwood was n't overpowering but he was effective . The Giants got a runner to second in the third and fourth	True
The Giants got a runner to second in the third and fourth but failed to advance him . In the fifth	True
The Giants got a runner to second in the third and fourth but failed to advance him . In the fifth , San Francisco put runners on the corners with one out but Chatwood worked out of it with some help from his teammates . Chatwood struck out Lincecum , and Rosario threw out Brandon Crawford trying to steal second	False
In the fifth , San Francisco put runners on the corners with one out but Chatwood worked out of it with some help from his teammates . Chatwood struck out Lincecum , and Rosario threw out Brandon Crawford trying to steal second on the same pitch . Colorado 's defense came up big again in the sixth	True
With Melky Cabrera on first following a two - out error by third baseman Chris Nelson , LeMahieu knocked down Hunter Pence 's sharp grounder up the middle and scrambled to make a one - handed flip to shortstop Josh Rutledge covering the bag . Nelson made up for his gaffe and gave the Rockies some breathing room with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Colorado 's pitching did the rest . Ottavino pitched out of a two - on , one - out jam in the seventh	True
Max Scherzer ( 11 - 6 ) struck out eight in six innings for his 10th win in his last 13 decisions since May 10 . Fielder 's 20th homer put the Tigers up 4 - 2 in the sixth	True
The Tigers , who lost the ALCS in six games to Texas last October , have won 25 of 38 games since losing two straight on their last trip to Texas in late June . Jackson , who is from nearby Denton , led off the fourth	True
Hamilton got his 96th RBI in the first inning with his 31st homer , a 419-foot shot to straightaway center that tied him with Adam Dunn of the White Sox for the major league lead . Detroit had two outs in the sixth	True
After Jackson 's inside-the-park homer , Cruz appeared to reach for his back but stayed in the game . Two batters later , he dropped Cabrera 's easy popup for an error that extended the inning . Cruz did n't take the field in the top of the eighth	False
The Rangers said that , according to Elias , the right-hander was only the second pitcher in major league history to win six consecutive decisions immediately after starting the season with a losing streak of six or more games . Doyle Alexander started 0 - 8 for the Yankees and Blue Jays in 1983 before winning his next seven decisions . Texas led 2 - 0 in the third	True
Texas led 2 - 0 in the third when Ian Kinsler had a leadoff double and scored on a single by Elvis Andrus , who was thrown out trying to stretch his hit into a double . Adrian Beltre was hit by a pitch in the upper left leg with two outs in the third	True
Adrian Beltre was hit by a pitch in the upper left leg with two outs in the third , then picked the ball up and tossed it back to Scherzer . Cruz and Michael Young followed with singles to load the bases but David Murphy 's flyout ended the inning . Scherzer was never again in serious trouble . He struck out the last three batters of the sixth	True
The Orioles built a 7 - 0 lead by the fourth inning against former teammate Kevin Millwood ( 4 - 10 ) and cruised to the finish in their sixth sweep of 2012 . Johnson blanked Seattle on three hits through five innings before giving up a two - run homer to Kyle Seager in the sixth	True
Johnson blanked Seattle on three hits through five innings before giving up a two - run homer to Kyle Seager in the sixth . It was Seager 's team-high 13th homer and second	False
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the bottom half . With two on and two outs , Wieters hit a liner to right that sent Eric Thames running toward the wall . As he leaped to make the catch , the ball popped out of his glove for a two - run double . Seattle used a single and two walks to load the bases with one out in the second	True
Seattle used a single and two walks to load the bases with one out in the second , but Johnson worked out of trouble . The Orioles made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
Seattle used a single and two walks to load the bases with one out in the second , but Johnson worked out of trouble . The Orioles made it 4 - 0 in the third . Markakis led off with a triple and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy , who took third	False
The Orioles made it 4 - 0 in the third . Markakis led off with a triple and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy , who took third on a double by Jones and came home on a groundout by Wieters . In the fourth	True
The Orioles made it 4 - 0 in the third . Markakis led off with a triple and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy , who took third on a double by Jones and came home on a groundout by Wieters . In the fourth , Reynolds hit a solo shot , Omar Quintanilla singled and Markakis drove a 1 - 2 pitch over the right-field wall . Millwood got the final two outs but did not return for the fifth	True
Millwood pitched for Baltimore in 2010 , going 4 - 16 with a 5.10 ERA in 31 starts . Wieters hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
Weaver pitched a four - hitter for his major-league leading 15th victory , and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 0 on Monday night to overtake the final spot in the crowded AL wild card standings . After a burned-out bullpen was taxed while losing four of the previous five , the Angels ace gave the staff a much-needed night off . Weaver ( 15 - 1 ) struck out nine , walked none and faced the minimum through 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander has won nine straight and a career-best 10 consecutive decisions since his only loss of the season May 13 against Texas , ranking second	False
All the offense Weaver wanted came in typical Angels fashion . Kendrys Morales doubled leading off the second	True
Kendrys Morales doubled leading off the second and scored on a two - out single by Aybar , who had been on the disabled list since July 22 with a broken big toe on his right foot . Mike Trout singled home Aybar two batters later to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Trout also stole second	False
Kendrys Morales doubled leading off the second and scored on a two - out single by Aybar , who had been on the disabled list since July 22 with a broken big toe on his right foot . Mike Trout singled home Aybar two batters later to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Trout also stole second in the first	True
Kendrys Morales doubled leading off the second and scored on a two - out single by Aybar , who had been on the disabled list since July 22 with a broken big toe on his right foot . Mike Trout singled home Aybar two batters later to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Trout also stole second in the first , second	False
Trout also stole second in the first , second and eighth innings to extend his franchise record to 27 straight steals without being caught . He leads the majors with 36 stolen bases . The Angels center fielder also singled to open the fifth	True
Trout also stole second in the first , second and eighth innings to extend his franchise record to 27 straight steals without being caught . He leads the majors with 36 stolen bases . The Angels center fielder also singled to open the fifth but was called out sliding head-first into second	False
Weaver worked his way through the A 's lineup with relative ease , facing the minimum through 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander erased the only base runner during that time -- a single by Brandon Inge leading off the bottom of the third -- when he got Eric Sogard to ground into an inning-ending double play . The Angels ace struck out the side in the fifth despite allowing a one - out single to Brandon Moss and did n't allow a runner on second	False
Weaver worked his way through the A 's lineup with relative ease , facing the minimum through 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander erased the only base runner during that time -- a single by Brandon Inge leading off the bottom of the third -- when he got Eric Sogard to ground into an inning-ending double play . The Angels ace struck out the side in the fifth despite allowing a one - out single to Brandon Moss and did n't allow a runner on second until the sixth	True
Weaver worked his way through the A 's lineup with relative ease , facing the minimum through 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander erased the only base runner during that time -- a single by Brandon Inge leading off the bottom of the third -- when he got Eric Sogard to ground into an inning-ending double play . The Angels ace struck out the side in the fifth despite allowing a one - out single to Brandon Moss and did n't allow a runner on second until the sixth , when Eric Sogard reached on a groundout to second	False
The Angels ace struck out the side in the fifth despite allowing a one - out single to Brandon Moss and did n't allow a runner on second until the sixth , when Eric Sogard reached on a groundout to second and advanced on Coco Crisp 's ground out . Jemile Weeks popped up too short to end the inning . After consecutive singles by Aybar and Chris Iannetta in the seventh	True
He started strong and did n't let up . The reigning AL MVP and Cy Young award winner struck out former teammate Curtis Granderson -- for the first	True
Verlander gave up two unearned runs after his fielding error extended the fifth inning . Leyland visited Verlander at the mound in the eighth	True
When New York did make contact for base hits , Verlander was at his best . After Verlander 's night was over -- one pitch shy of the career-high 133 he threw in Game 5 of the AL Championship Series last year against Texas -- closer Jose Valverde retired the side in order in the ninth	True
Nova said he still has confidence in his stuff . Cabrera sent a thigh-high pitch over the middle of the plate 454 feet , clearing the second row of shrubs in center field , for his 28th homer in the fourth inning . Fielder cleared the fences for the 19th time with a no-doubt shot to right in the second	True
Cabrera sent a thigh-high pitch over the middle of the plate 454 feet , clearing the second row of shrubs in center field , for his 28th homer in the fourth inning . Fielder cleared the fences for the 19th time with a no-doubt shot to right in the second . The Tigers broke it open with three runs in the fifth inning and two more in the sixth	True
The Tigers broke it open with three runs in the fifth inning and two more in the sixth to go ahead 7 - 2 . Verlander allowed the Yankees to score twice in the fifth	True
The margin for error is slim , with a 1 -game lead over Detroit for the AL Central lead . The Tigers are playing well , but so are the White Sox . And they pulled this one out thanks to a strong start by their pitcher and some big hits toward the end . Konerko tied it leading off the seventh	True
The margin for error is slim , with a 1 -game lead over Detroit for the AL Central lead . The Tigers are playing well , but so are the White Sox . And they pulled this one out thanks to a strong start by their pitcher and some big hits toward the end . Konerko tied it leading off the seventh and Beckham gave the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead with a solo shot in the eighth	True
Konerko tied it leading off the seventh and Beckham gave the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead with a solo shot in the eighth off Luis Mendoza . Kevin Youkilis added an RBI double in the inning , and the White Sox won for the 10th time in 13 games . A. J. Pierzynski added two hits , and although he did n't go deep after tying a club record with homers in five straight games , he did drive in the first run with a double in the second	True
The Royals were impressed . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
The Royals were impressed . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances , retiring Eric Hosmer on a double-play grounder with runners on first	False
The Royals were impressed . Addison Reed worked the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances , retiring Eric Hosmer on a double-play grounder with runners on first and second	False
Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) gave up seven hits and four runs in 7 1/3 innings . Butler made it 2 - 1 in the seventh	True
Butler made it 2 - 1 in the seventh with his 21st homer . Konerko tied it in the bottom half with a line drive to left that just cleared the wall and landed in the bullpen . The Royals had runners on first	False
Butler made it 2 - 1 in the seventh with his 21st homer . Konerko tied it in the bottom half with a line drive to left that just cleared the wall and landed in the bullpen . The Royals had runners on first and third	False
Butler made it 2 - 1 in the seventh with his 21st homer . Konerko tied it in the bottom half with a line drive to left that just cleared the wall and landed in the bullpen . The Royals had runners on first and third in the eighth	True
Paul Konerko and Adam Dunn ribbed Pierzynski about his power surge . Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) allowed one run in two innings in relief of injured starter Francisco Liriano , Brett Myers pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Paul Konerko and Adam Dunn ribbed Pierzynski about his power surge . Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) allowed one run in two innings in relief of injured starter Francisco Liriano , Brett Myers pitched a scoreless eighth , and Addison Reed struck out two in the ninth	True
Haren allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He is 2 - 0 with a 2.00 ERA over 18 innings in three starts since a stint on the disabled list caused by lower back stiffness . Trout 's sacrifice fly put the Angels ahead in the fifth	True
Haren allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He is 2 - 0 with a 2.00 ERA over 18 innings in three starts since a stint on the disabled list caused by lower back stiffness . Trout 's sacrifice fly put the Angels ahead in the fifth after Izturis reached on the ball off Liriano , which rolled toward shortstop for an infield single . Peter Bourjos bunted for a single and Bobby Wilson hit the first	False
Haren allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He is 2 - 0 with a 2.00 ERA over 18 innings in three starts since a stint on the disabled list caused by lower back stiffness . Trout 's sacrifice fly put the Angels ahead in the fifth after Izturis reached on the ball off Liriano , which rolled toward shortstop for an infield single . Peter Bourjos bunted for a single and Bobby Wilson hit the first of his two sacrifice bunts to advance Izturis to third	False
Trout 's sacrifice fly put the Angels ahead in the fifth after Izturis reached on the ball off Liriano , which rolled toward shortstop for an infield single . Peter Bourjos bunted for a single and Bobby Wilson hit the first of his two sacrifice bunts to advance Izturis to third . Kevin Youkilis tied the score with a home run down the left-field line leading off the sixth	True
Trout 's sacrifice fly put the Angels ahead in the fifth after Izturis reached on the ball off Liriano , which rolled toward shortstop for an infield single . Peter Bourjos bunted for a single and Bobby Wilson hit the first of his two sacrifice bunts to advance Izturis to third . Kevin Youkilis tied the score with a home run down the left-field line leading off the sixth , his third	False
Trout 's sacrifice fly put the Angels ahead in the fifth after Izturis reached on the ball off Liriano , which rolled toward shortstop for an infield single . Peter Bourjos bunted for a single and Bobby Wilson hit the first of his two sacrifice bunts to advance Izturis to third . Kevin Youkilis tied the score with a home run down the left-field line leading off the sixth , his third in two games and seventh	False
Kevin Youkilis tied the score with a home run down the left-field line leading off the sixth , his third in two games and seventh in just 15 games at U. S. Cellular Field . With the bases loaded in the sixth	True
With the bases loaded in the sixth , Izturis grounded into an inning-ending double play . Torii Hunter singled for a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
With the bases loaded in the sixth , Izturis grounded into an inning-ending double play . Torii Hunter singled for a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh to score Bourjos , who had walked leading off and took second	False
Torii Hunter singled for a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh to score Bourjos , who had walked leading off and took second on Wilson 's sacrifice . Alexei Ramirez hit an RBI triple in the eighth	False
Chen allowed five hits in seven innings , Chris Davis had two RBIs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 0 on Saturday . Chen ( 10 - 6 ) struck out four and walked one , improving to 4 - 1 in his past six road starts . After Pedro Strop gave up a single in the eighth	True
Chen allowed five hits in seven innings , Chris Davis had two RBIs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4 - 0 on Saturday . Chen ( 10 - 6 ) struck out four and walked one , improving to 4 - 1 in his past six road starts . After Pedro Strop gave up a single in the eighth , closer Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
Chen was coming off a start last Sunday where he struck out 12 in 5 2/3 innings of a 6 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics . The Orioles took a 4 - 0 lead on Davis ' two - run single in the fourth	True
Wieters put the Orioles ahead 1 - 0 on a first-inning RBI single . Baltimore had gone 0 for 22 with runners in scoring position in its previous two games . Nick Markakis made it 2 - 0 with a run-scoring single in the second	True
Nick Markakis made it 2 - 0 with a run-scoring single in the second . He drove in Nate McLouth , who had a leadoff double . McLouth had his contract purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game . Tampa Bay had two on with one out in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay had two on with one out in the fourth , but Chen struck out Carlos Pena and got a foul pop fly from Sean Rodriguez . Wieters walked and swiped second	False
Tampa Bay had two on with one out in the fourth , but Chen struck out Carlos Pena and got a foul pop fly from Sean Rodriguez . Wieters walked and swiped second for his second stolen base of the game and third	False
Tampa Bay had two on with one out in the fourth , but Chen struck out Carlos Pena and got a foul pop fly from Sean Rodriguez . Wieters walked and swiped second for his second stolen base of the game and third this season with two outs in the third	True
Fielder and Miguel Cabrera had three hits each for Detroit . The Tigers returned home after a 3 - 6 trip and immediately snapped out of their funk . Fielder 's double in the third inning went off the wall in right-center and gave Detroit a 3 - 1 lead . The Tigers broke the game open with four runs in the fourth	True
Quintin Berry hit an RBI double with two outs , Cabrera drove Berry home with a single to make it 5 - 1 , and Fielder followed with a two - run homer to right , his 18th of the season . Andy Dirks and Alex Avila hit RBI singles in the sixth	True
Andy Dirks and Alex Avila hit RBI singles in the sixth for Detroit . The reeling Indians have shaken things up this week , cutting right-hander Derek Lowe and then Damon . Ezequiel Carrera , called up to replace Damon , had a rough night in left field . In the second	True
The reeling Indians have shaken things up this week , cutting right-hander Derek Lowe and then Damon . Ezequiel Carrera , called up to replace Damon , had a rough night in left field . In the second , he misplayed Avila 's line drive into an RBI double . Carrera appeared to be fighting the glare -- with his sunglasses still flipped up . Cleveland tied it with an unearned run in the third	True
Propelled by Jamey Carroll and Justin Morneau , the Twins came back from a four - run deficit to earn a 6 - 5 victory over the Boston Red Sox in 10 innings on Friday night . Darin Mastroianni led off the 10th	True
Morneau got an opportunity to atone for the error in the fifth inning . Red Sox starter Felix Doubront walked Joe Mauer to load the bases and then walked the next batter , Josh Willingham , to make it 5 - 2 . Morneau hit a soft two - run single and the Twins made it 5-all on a sacrifice fly by Danny Valencia . The Twins held the Red Sox scoreless from the third inning on . Twins starter Brian Duensing went six innings and gave up five runs , only two of them earned , but it was Jeff Gray ( 6 - 1 ) who pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and weathered Boston threats in the eighth	True
The Twins held the Red Sox scoreless from the third inning on . Twins starter Brian Duensing went six innings and gave up five runs , only two of them earned , but it was Jeff Gray ( 6 - 1 ) who pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and weathered Boston threats in the eighth and ninth innings . With bases loaded and two outs in the eighth	True
The Twins held the Red Sox scoreless from the third inning on . Twins starter Brian Duensing went six innings and gave up five runs , only two of them earned , but it was Jeff Gray ( 6 - 1 ) who pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and weathered Boston threats in the eighth and ninth innings . With bases loaded and two outs in the eighth , Gray came in and got Dustin Pedroia to fly out . In the ninth	True
Jared Burton picked up his fourth save of the season in six chances . Morneau scored the first run of the game in the second	True
Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said protecting Minor 's arm was the smart move . Miami 's Jose Reyes led off the sixth	True
Jason Heyward had three hits and drove in a run for Atlanta . Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) took over for Minor when play resumed in the fourth	True
Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) took over for Minor when play resumed in the fourth . Martinez allowed four hits and one run in three innings . Braves closer Craig Kimbrel stranded two runners in the ninth	True
The Braves sent nine batters to the plate in their three - run first inning . Following singles by Reed Johnson and Heyward , Jones hit a two - run double and scored on Dan Uggla 's single . Eovaldi gave up three more runs in the second	True
Third baseman Donnie Murphy was scratched from the starting lineup with flu-like symptoms . Outfielder Bryan Petersen was held out with a sore right shoulder he hurt while diving for a ball in Wednesday night 's game . Outfielder Justin Ruggiano was held out with back spasms . Petersen walked as a pinch-hitter in the ninth	True
Gorkys Hernandez , acquired from the Pirates on Tuesday , was 0 for 4 in his first start for Miami in center field . Marlins left-hander Dan Jennings loaded the bases in the eighth	True
Gorkys Hernandez , acquired from the Pirates on Tuesday , was 0 for 4 in his first start for Miami in center field . Marlins left-hander Dan Jennings loaded the bases in the eighth on two walks and a hit batter . Jennings escaped the jam but limped off the field after covering first base on Heyward 's inning-ending grounder to first	False
A late comeback guaranteed a pretty good consolation prize : home-field advantage for his team 's first playoff series . Pinch-hitter Xavier Paul led off the ninth	True
Paul entered the game with four career home runs over parts of four seasons , and Ludwick had only one at bat in the previous 10 days because of left groin soreness . He was scratched from the lineup due to wet field conditions on a day in which it rained throughout the first four innings . Paul homered to lead off the ninth	True
Paul homered to lead off the ninth . With two outs , Ludwick doubled . Pinch-runner Denis Phipps scored on Cozart 's hit . Pittsburgh still had its chance . Aroldis Chapman walked Jose Tabata to lead off the bottom of the ninth	False
The Reds scored twice in the second inning on Votto 's ground-rule double and Todd Frazier 's groundout . Jones ' 26th home run , a two - run shot in the bottom half , tied it . Cincinnati 's Sam LeCure and Sean Marshall ( 5 - 5 ) combined to pitch a scoreless eighth	True
for a ball in the first game Sunday . Los Angeles ( 88 - 71 ) , which won the opener 5 - 4 on Torii Hunter 's two - run double with two outs in the ninth	True
Los Angeles led 4 - 0 after only five batters off Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) in the second game , but Ervin Santana ( 9 - 13 ) quickly squandered after his former teammate went deep on him twice . David Murphy and Napoli hit back-to-back homers in the second	True
Los Angeles led 4 - 0 after only five batters off Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) in the second game , but Ervin Santana ( 9 - 13 ) quickly squandered after his former teammate went deep on him twice . David Murphy and Napoli hit back-to-back homers in the second as Texas closed to 4 - 3 . Josh Hamilton had a double in the first	True
David Murphy and Napoli hit back-to-back homers in the second as Texas closed to 4 - 3 . Josh Hamilton had a double in the first for his 127th RBI . Napoli 's 23rd homer an inning later made it 6 - 4 and chased Santana , who has given up a majors-high 39 homers . Napoli drove a two - run double into the left-center gap in the fifth	True
But the Angels then had four straight hits . Albert Pujols had an RBI double and scored on a single by Hunter before Trumbo 's 32nd homer , a two - run shot . Nathan took over after Koji Uehara struck out the side in the eighth	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 15 - 11 ) won for the third time in five starts despite matching a season high by allowing 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He gave up two runs , walked two and struck out four . David Phelps worked 1 2/3 innings , and David Robertson pitched the eighth	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 15 - 11 ) won for the third time in five starts despite matching a season high by allowing 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . He gave up two runs , walked two and struck out four . David Phelps worked 1 2/3 innings , and David Robertson pitched the eighth . Cody Eppley got two outs in the ninth	True
David Phelps worked 1 2/3 innings , and David Robertson pitched the eighth . Cody Eppley got two outs in the ninth , and Rafael Soriano finished for the Yankees . Chavez capped it with a two - run drive to left off Bobby Korecky in the ninth	True
David Phelps worked 1 2/3 innings , and David Robertson pitched the eighth . Cody Eppley got two outs in the ninth , and Rafael Soriano finished for the Yankees . Chavez capped it with a two - run drive to left off Bobby Korecky in the ninth , his 15th	False
Colby Rasmus hit a solo home run and Adam Lind added a two - run shot for Toronto , which lost for the ninth time in 12 games . Swisher opened the scoring with a two - run double to right off right-hander Chad Jenkins in the first	True
The top of the first ended when Curtis Granderson drilled a liner back to the mound that ripped the glove off Jenkins ' left hand . The ball stayed in the glove as it flew into the air , and the rookie pitcher caught both glove and ball together to record the final out . New York made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
New York made it 3 - 0 in the second when Derek Jeter grounded into a bases-loaded double play . The Blue Jays had five hits , including three doubles , against Kuroda through the first two innings but failed to score . Brett Lawrie was thrown out by Swisher after straying too far off second following his leadoff double in the first	True
New York made it 3 - 0 in the second when Derek Jeter grounded into a bases-loaded double play . The Blue Jays had five hits , including three doubles , against Kuroda through the first two innings but failed to score . Brett Lawrie was thrown out by Swisher after straying too far off second following his leadoff double in the first , while Yunel Escobar was picked off third	False
New York made it 3 - 0 in the second when Derek Jeter grounded into a bases-loaded double play . The Blue Jays had five hits , including three doubles , against Kuroda through the first two innings but failed to score . Brett Lawrie was thrown out by Swisher after straying too far off second following his leadoff double in the first , while Yunel Escobar was picked off third by Martin in the second	True
The Blue Jays had five hits , including three doubles , against Kuroda through the first two innings but failed to score . Brett Lawrie was thrown out by Swisher after straying too far off second following his leadoff double in the first , while Yunel Escobar was picked off third by Martin in the second . Toronto scored in the fifth	True
Toronto scored in the fifth when Rasmus led off with a drive to right . The homer was his 23rd , matching his career high . The Yankees broke it open with a four - run , bat-around sixth	True
Jason Frasor came on and gave up Martin 's homer . Chavez walked and Jeter lined a base hit to right before Ichiro Suzuki followed with an RBI single . Kuroda left in the sixth	True
Kuroda left in the sixth after giving up a double to Kelly Johnson and a bloop single to Rajai Davis . Anthony Gose greeted Phelps with an RBI fielder 's choice , cutting it to 7 - 2 . The Yankees made it 8 - 2 on Ibanez 's fielder 's choice groundout in the seventh	False
Kuroda left in the sixth after giving up a double to Kelly Johnson and a bloop single to Rajai Davis . Anthony Gose greeted Phelps with an RBI fielder 's choice , cutting it to 7 - 2 . The Yankees made it 8 - 2 on Ibanez 's fielder 's choice groundout in the seventh , but Lind cut it to 8 - 4 by homering off Phelps in the bottom half , his 11th	False
The Yankees made it 8 - 2 on Ibanez 's fielder 's choice groundout in the seventh , but Lind cut it to 8 - 4 by homering off Phelps in the bottom half , his 11th . Suzuki doubled and stole third	False
The Yankees made it 8 - 2 on Ibanez 's fielder 's choice groundout in the seventh , but Lind cut it to 8 - 4 by homering off Phelps in the bottom half , his 11th . Suzuki doubled and stole third in the eighth	False
The Dodgers open a six - game homestand Friday night with Cy Young Award winner Clayton Kershaw on the mound against last-place Colorado . The Cardinals start a three - game series at home against NL East-leading Washington . Capuano ( 12 - 11 ) carried a 6 - 0 lead into the sixth	True
Capuano ( 12 - 11 ) carried a 6 - 0 lead into the sixth . The left-hander allowed one run and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for his first win since Aug. 12 at Miami . Cruz had three hits , including his key single in the fifth	True
The loss assured San Diego ( 74 - 82 ) of its fourth losing record in the past five seasons . The Padres have had 13 winning seasons in their 44-year history . Ellis ' RBI single in the fourth put the Dodgers ahead before they struck for four runs in the fifth	True
Nick Vincent replaced Kelly and gave up Cruz 's two - run single followed by Ellis ' RBI single . Vincent struck out Capuano to end the inning . Capuano walked Chase Headley to open the sixth	True
Nick Vincent replaced Kelly and gave up Cruz 's two - run single followed by Ellis ' RBI single . Vincent struck out Capuano to end the inning . Capuano walked Chase Headley to open the sixth and allowed Yasmani Grandal 's single before throwing a wild pitch . After getting an out , Capuano was lifted for Paco Rodriguez , who got the second	False
Jamey Wright relieved and plunked pinch hitter Carlos Quentin with a pitch to bring in a run . San Diego scored three runs in the eighth	True
The way Hunter and the Angels are playing down the September stretch , they clearly do n't want to be done just yet . Hunter 's RBI singles tied the game in the seventh inning and ended it in the ninth	True
Something has been happening constantly for Hunter , the 37-year-old outfielder and unofficial team captain who hopes to be re-signed this winter . He has been spectacular down the stretch of his fifth season with the Angels , contributing 23 RBIs in 23 games -- none bigger than the two he conjured against Seattle . Pinch hitter Maicer Izturis opened the ninth	True
Something has been happening constantly for Hunter , the 37-year-old outfielder and unofficial team captain who hopes to be re-signed this winter . He has been spectacular down the stretch of his fifth season with the Angels , contributing 23 RBIs in 23 games -- none bigger than the two he conjured against Seattle . Pinch hitter Maicer Izturis opened the ninth with a single off Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) , and advanced to third	False
Something has been happening constantly for Hunter , the 37-year-old outfielder and unofficial team captain who hopes to be re-signed this winter . He has been spectacular down the stretch of his fifth season with the Angels , contributing 23 RBIs in 23 games -- none bigger than the two he conjured against Seattle . Pinch hitter Maicer Izturis opened the ninth with a single off Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) , and advanced to third on a wild pitch and Peter Bourjos ' bunt . Seattle walked rookie Mike Trout to face Hunter , who coolly stroked a single to center , pumping his fist as he jogged to first	False
Pinch hitter Maicer Izturis opened the ninth with a single off Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) , and advanced to third on a wild pitch and Peter Bourjos ' bunt . Seattle walked rookie Mike Trout to face Hunter , who coolly stroked a single to center , pumping his fist as he jogged to first with the Los Angeles dugout in pursuit . Ernesto Frieri ( 4 - 2 ) pitched the ninth	True
After Aybar staked the Angels to a two - run lead in the second inning , they loaded the bases before Hunter grounded out on the first pitch he saw . Aybar also reached third base in the fourth inning , but Trout 's harmless flyout ended it . Seattle evened it in the third	True
After Aybar staked the Angels to a two - run lead in the second inning , they loaded the bases before Hunter grounded out on the first pitch he saw . Aybar also reached third base in the fourth inning , but Trout 's harmless flyout ended it . Seattle evened it in the third after Wilson walked Casper Wells and Chone Figgins . Smoak put the Mariners ahead in the fourth	True
Seattle evened it in the third after Wilson walked Casper Wells and Chone Figgins . Smoak put the Mariners ahead in the fourth with a long drive , his team-leading 19th of the season . Hernandez retired nine straight after Aybar 's leadoff single in the fourth	True
Seattle evened it in the third after Wilson walked Casper Wells and Chone Figgins . Smoak put the Mariners ahead in the fourth with a long drive , his team-leading 19th of the season . Hernandez retired nine straight after Aybar 's leadoff single in the fourth but threw 103 pitches before Kinney replaced him to start the seventh	True
Seattle evened it in the third after Wilson walked Casper Wells and Chone Figgins . Smoak put the Mariners ahead in the fourth with a long drive , his team-leading 19th of the season . Hernandez retired nine straight after Aybar 's leadoff single in the fourth but threw 103 pitches before Kinney replaced him to start the seventh . Chris Iannetta singled with one out , and pinch runner Bourjos scored from second	False
David Wright lined his 20th homer and added a two - run single , tying the Mets ' career record of 1,418 hits set by Ed Kranepool . Justin Turner and Wright connected in the first inning for the team 's first set of consecutive home runs this season . Alvarez hit a three - run shot that made it 4 - 0 in the first inning . He drew a bases-loaded walk in the fifth	True
Garrett Jones hit his 25th homer and drove in three runs for the Pirates . Rodriguez ( 12 - 13 ) recovered from a rocky first	True
Garrett Jones hit his 25th homer and drove in three runs for the Pirates . Rodriguez ( 12 - 13 ) recovered from a rocky first and left in the seventh	True
McCutchen went 1 for 3 with two walks and is hitting .336 . He is only behind San Francisco 's Melky Cabrera , who is at .346 but has taken himself out of consideration for the batting title after being suspended for testing positive for a performance-enhancing drug . Collin McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) was pulled soon after Josh Harrison 's two - run triple in the second	True
Collin McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) was pulled soon after Josh Harrison 's two - run triple in the second . Harrison later scored on an error by Turner at second base . Turner was involved in a play in the third	True
Collin McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) was pulled soon after Josh Harrison 's two - run triple in the second . Harrison later scored on an error by Turner at second base . Turner was involved in a play in the third that prompted arguments from both managers . He reached on a throwing error by Harrison from second base , made a brief turn toward second	False
Collin McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) was pulled soon after Josh Harrison 's two - run triple in the second . Harrison later scored on an error by Turner at second base . Turner was involved in a play in the third that prompted arguments from both managers . He reached on a throwing error by Harrison from second base , made a brief turn toward second and casually returned to first	False
Collin McHugh ( 0 - 3 ) was pulled soon after Josh Harrison 's two - run triple in the second . Harrison later scored on an error by Turner at second base . Turner was involved in a play in the third that prompted arguments from both managers . He reached on a throwing error by Harrison from second base , made a brief turn toward second and casually returned to first . Hurdle contended first baseman Gaby Sanchez tagged Turner before he got back to first	False
Logan could n't hold the lead for Hughes as the Yankees missed a chance to go up 2 games on Baltimore in a 5 - 4 loss to the Twins on Tuesday night . Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) was strong through six innings and the Yankees jumped out to a 3 - 1 lead . But he left with the bases loaded and two outs in the seventh	True
Logan let one run score on a wild pitch before giving up a two - run double to Denard Span that put the Twins in front for good . Joe Mauer followed with his third single of the game to cap the four - run seventh	True
Nick Swisher homered for the third straight game , Martin also went deep and Andruw Jones hit a pinch-hit solo shot off of closer Glen Perkins in the ninth inning for the Yankees . But Perkins struck out Jayson Nix for his 15th save . Martin 's soaring shot in the seventh	True
Nick Swisher homered for the third straight game , Martin also went deep and Andruw Jones hit a pinch-hit solo shot off of closer Glen Perkins in the ninth inning for the Yankees . But Perkins struck out Jayson Nix for his 15th save . Martin 's soaring shot in the seventh off Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Martin 's soaring shot in the seventh off Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) in the seventh was his 19th of the season , which ties a career high , and gave New York a 3 - 1 lead . But Hughes ran into trouble in the bottom of the inning after allowing just one run on four hits in the first six . With much better command of his fastball and changeup than he 's had lately , Fien retired nine of the next 10 batters after giving up an RBI double to Chris Parmelee in the fourth	True
DETROIT -- Scott Diamond knew he was probably facing his biggest batter of the day . As it turned out , he was right . With his Twins losing 2 - 0 to the Tigers , Diamond was facing Omar Infante with a runner on and two outs in the fifth	True
With his Twins losing 2 - 0 to the Tigers , Diamond was facing Omar Infante with a runner on and two outs in the fifth . Infante himself was n't what Diamond was worried about -- it was the batter on deck . He did n't have to worry . Infante hit a grounder to short and Diamond got out of the inning . Minnesota then scored five runs in the sixth	True
Diamond ( 12 - 8 ) allowed two runs on four hits in seven innings , and improved his career ERA against the Tigers to 3.07 in four starts . He struck out five . After leaving his previous start with shoulder weakness , Max Scherzer ( 16 - 7 ) pitched five shutout innings despite a fastball that topped out at 93 instead of his usual high-90s . However , he could n't get an out in the sixth	True
He was n't getting any arguments from the Minnesota clubhouse . The Tigers led 2 - 0 early , with an RBI and a run from Miguel Cabrera , but Detroit 's notoriously bad defense melted down in the sixth	True
He was n't getting any arguments from the Minnesota clubhouse . The Tigers led 2 - 0 early , with an RBI and a run from Miguel Cabrera , but Detroit 's notoriously bad defense melted down in the sixth , leading to five Minnesota runs . Ben Revere led off with a fly to left that Andy Dirks dropped just short of the wall . By the time Dirks could locate the ball , Revere was at third	False
The Tigers led 2 - 0 early , with an RBI and a run from Miguel Cabrera , but Detroit 's notoriously bad defense melted down in the sixth , leading to five Minnesota runs . Ben Revere led off with a fly to left that Andy Dirks dropped just short of the wall . By the time Dirks could locate the ball , Revere was at third with what was ruled a triple . Joe Mauer pulled the Twins within 2 - 1 with an infield single , and Josh Willingham moved him to third	False
Villarreal covered the plate , but stretched for a force out instead of tagging Morneau . He only realized his mistake when home-plate umpire Tom Hallion singled safe . The fifth run then scored when Pedro Florimon beat out an inning-ending double play . In the seventh	True
Villarreal covered the plate , but stretched for a force out instead of tagging Morneau . He only realized his mistake when home-plate umpire Tom Hallion singled safe . The fifth run then scored when Pedro Florimon beat out an inning-ending double play . In the seventh , Revere walked , stole second	False
Villarreal covered the plate , but stretched for a force out instead of tagging Morneau . He only realized his mistake when home-plate umpire Tom Hallion singled safe . The fifth run then scored when Pedro Florimon beat out an inning-ending double play . In the seventh , Revere walked , stole second , took third	False
Villarreal covered the plate , but stretched for a force out instead of tagging Morneau . He only realized his mistake when home-plate umpire Tom Hallion singled safe . The fifth run then scored when Pedro Florimon beat out an inning-ending double play . In the seventh , Revere walked , stole second , took third on Laird 's throwing error and scored when Dirks made a diving catch of Mauer 's foul fly to left . The Twins made it 8 - 2 on RBI singles by Eduardo Escobar and Revere in the eighth	True
Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle was ejected in the second inning for arguing a call at first base . Hurdle argued with first base umpire Tim Timmons , who moments earlier called Michael McKenry out on a throw from first baseman Brett Wallace to Keuchel . The call came after Gaby Sanchez hit a tying home run . The Astros scored in the first	True
The Astros scored in the first on a double by Scott Moore and a single by Wallace . Correia was cruising along through six innings -- he tied a career high with nine strikeouts -- before running into trouble in the seventh	True
Correia was cruising along through six innings -- he tied a career high with nine strikeouts -- before running into trouble in the seventh . Jed Lowrie led off with a single and pinch runner Tyler Greene made it safely to second	False
Craig also doubled and has three homers and 15 RBIs in 11 games against the Astros this year . He 's a career .412 hitter against the Astros with six homers and 24 RBIs in 20 games . Jason Motte finished for his 38th save in 45 chances and third	False
Jason Motte finished for his 38th save in 45 chances and third of the series after the Astros tested the setup men . Fernando Salas struck out Jose Altuve and pinch hitter Brett Wallace with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
Jason Motte finished for his 38th save in 45 chances and third of the series after the Astros tested the setup men . Fernando Salas struck out Jose Altuve and pinch hitter Brett Wallace with the bases loaded to end the eighth after Mitchell Boggs and Marc Rzepczynski combined to issue three walks . Edward Mujica surrendered an RBI single to Brandon Barnes in the seventh	True
`` I certainly felt like I could have gotten a ground ball out of the next guy . '' Norris , who entered the game 4 - 2 with a 2.93 ERA in St. Louis , walked Daniel Descalso and Pete Kozma with one out in the sixth	True
Pitching on seven days ' rest because of Monday 's scheduled day off and Tuesday 's rainout , Zimmermann ( 11 - 8 ) kept putting runners on base and working around it . He allowed six hits , walked four and hit a batter , but Hanley Ramirez 's RBI single in the third produced the Dodgers ' only run . Four relievers followed Zimmermann , combining to allow three hits across four shutout innings . Sean Burnett got out of a potentially troublesome spot in the seventh	True
Pitching on seven days ' rest because of Monday 's scheduled day off and Tuesday 's rainout , Zimmermann ( 11 - 8 ) kept putting runners on base and working around it . He allowed six hits , walked four and hit a batter , but Hanley Ramirez 's RBI single in the third produced the Dodgers ' only run . Four relievers followed Zimmermann , combining to allow three hits across four shutout innings . Sean Burnett got out of a potentially troublesome spot in the seventh by striking out Adrian Gonzalez with runners on the corners , and Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth	True
As general manager Mike Rizzo put it Wednesday : `` Clinching a playoff berth is just one of the small steps in our grand plan . '' The Nationals pushed across runs in the second	True
As general manager Mike Rizzo put it Wednesday : `` Clinching a playoff berth is just one of the small steps in our grand plan . '' The Nationals pushed across runs in the second , fifth	True
The Nationals pushed across runs in the second , fifth and sixth innings . Two came off Dodgers starter Aaron Harang ( 9 - 10 ) , who threw 4 2/3 innings and gave up seven hits . Kurt Suzuki delivered a sac fly in the second	True
The Nationals pushed across runs in the second , fifth and sixth innings . Two came off Dodgers starter Aaron Harang ( 9 - 10 ) , who threw 4 2/3 innings and gave up seven hits . Kurt Suzuki delivered a sac fly in the second , and Washington went up 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Ryan Zimmerman , who was slated to get a cortisone shot before the game for a bothersome right shoulder , followed with an RBI groundout to bring home Harper . Harper 's triple was his eighth	False
Harper 's triple was his eighth , the most by a Nationals player in a season since the club moved to Washington . Another RBI groundout , this one by pinch-hitter Tyler Moore , made it 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Infante , who also made a costly error last Monday that helped the White Sox to a win , said he was spiked on the play by Rios , but offered no excuses . Nate Jones ( 8 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief and the White Sox won their fourth straight . Addison Reed , the last of three relievers in the ninth	True
Nate Jones ( 8 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief and the White Sox won their fourth straight . Addison Reed , the last of three relievers in the ninth , got the final out for his 27th save in 31 chances . Trailing 4 - 3 , the White Sox loaded the bases for a third straight inning in the fifth	True
Delmon Young drove in three runs for the Tigers with a pair of singles , but Detroit could n't hold on to an early 3 - 0 lead . Tigers pitchers walked six and hit two batters . Chicago loaded the bases again in the eighth	True
Delmon Young drove in three runs for the Tigers with a pair of singles , but Detroit could n't hold on to an early 3 - 0 lead . Tigers pitchers walked six and hit two batters . Chicago loaded the bases again in the eighth and was on the verge of adding an insurance run when Adam Dunn hit a fly ball to left with one out . But before Beckham could cross the plate , Dewayne Wise was thrown out trying to go from second	False
Chicago loaded the bases again in the eighth and was on the verge of adding an insurance run when Adam Dunn hit a fly ball to left with one out . But before Beckham could cross the plate , Dewayne Wise was thrown out trying to go from second to third -- a double play that ended the inning . It ended up not costing the White Sox . Neither starter got out of the fifth	True
Neither starter got out of the fifth . Quintana , who beat the Tigers a week ago in his previous start , gave up seven hits and four runs in four . And Fister , who defeated the White Sox last Tuesday , gave up eight hits and five runs -- four -- earned , also in four innings . Avisail Garcia , Gerald Laird and Austin Jackson hit consecutive singles to open the third	True
Avisail Garcia , Gerald Laird and Austin Jackson hit consecutive singles to open the third for a 1 - 0 Detroit lead . After a sacrifice , Quintana intentionally walked Miguel Cabrera to load the bases . He then struck out Prince Fielder , but Young hit a two - run single to put the Tigers up three . The White Sox had three singles off Fister to load the bases in the bottom half but the 6-foot-8 right-hander struck out Kevin Youkilis and Dunn to end the threat . Chicago tied it in the fourth	True
The White Sox had three singles off Fister to load the bases in the bottom half but the 6-foot-8 right-hander struck out Kevin Youkilis and Dunn to end the threat . Chicago tied it in the fourth when Beckham was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded and Wise had a two - run single . Cabrera led off the fifth	True
The White Sox had three singles off Fister to load the bases in the bottom half but the 6-foot-8 right-hander struck out Kevin Youkilis and Dunn to end the threat . Chicago tied it in the fourth when Beckham was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded and Wise had a two - run single . Cabrera led off the fifth with a double and Fielder was ruled safe at first	False
Rizzo hit two home runs and drove in six to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 13 - 9 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates in the third game of a four - game set . Rizzo hit a two - run shot in a four - run fifth inning , then capped a five - run sixth	True
Staked to a 6 - 1 lead , the Pirates were unable to hold off the feisty Cubs , who have taken five of the last six against Pittsburgh . Rizzo 's two - run , opposite field blast highlighted a four - run fifth	True
Rizzo recalled a game-winning homer he hit in July against St. Louis -- the grand slam did n't quite compare . David DeJesus had a pinch-hit , two - run single in a three - run ninth	True
David DeJesus had a pinch-hit , two - run single in a three - run ninth for Chicago . Alvarez carried the Pirates early , but they could not tack on late . The big lefty followed Gaby Sanchez 's leadoff single in the fifth	True
Alvarez carried the Pirates early , but they could not tack on late . The big lefty followed Gaby Sanchez 's leadoff single in the fifth with an opposite-field shot onto Waveland Avenue to extend the lead to four . After the Cubs rallied to get within one , Alvarez hit another opposite field shot in the sixth	True
After the Cubs rallied to get within one , Alvarez hit another opposite field shot in the sixth with two men on to pad the lead again . It was Alvarez 's sixth multihomer game of the season . He passed Andrew McCutchen for the team lead with 29 . The Pirates had a chance to tie it with a Starling Marte leadoff triple in the seventh	True
After the Cubs rallied to get within one , Alvarez hit another opposite field shot in the sixth with two men on to pad the lead again . It was Alvarez 's sixth multihomer game of the season . He passed Andrew McCutchen for the team lead with 29 . The Pirates had a chance to tie it with a Starling Marte leadoff triple in the seventh , but Marte was caught in a rundown on a fake to third	False
After the Cubs rallied to get within one , Alvarez hit another opposite field shot in the sixth with two men on to pad the lead again . It was Alvarez 's sixth multihomer game of the season . He passed Andrew McCutchen for the team lead with 29 . The Pirates had a chance to tie it with a Starling Marte leadoff triple in the seventh , but Marte was caught in a rundown on a fake to third , throw to first	False
The Pirates had a chance to tie it with a Starling Marte leadoff triple in the seventh , but Marte was caught in a rundown on a fake to third , throw to first by Cubs reliever Jaye Chapman after Neil Walker and McCutchen failed to get the run in . `` Actually that 's a forced balk , break late try to get the run to second	False
`` Actually that 's a forced balk , break late try to get the run to second and try to steal a run at home is what it was , '' Pirates manager Clint Hurdle explained . `` I do believe if Starling could 've shown a little more patience that play would have worked for us , but in the heat of the moment he left a little bit early . '' Jeff Beliveau ( 1 - 0 ) allowed Alvarez 's second home run , but recorded the final two outs of the sixth	True
Barajas homered on an 0 - 2 pitch with a man on and the pitcher on deck in the second inning to reach double-digits for the year . McCutchen had an RBI single in the second	True
Pirates starter Jeff Locke was backed by a consistent flow of Pittsburgh offense , but could n't get through the fifth inning to earn his first big league victory . The 24-year-old Locke was staked to a 6 - 1 lead until things fell apart in a four - run fifth	True
Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) lost his fourth straight start . The rookie and Kuroda started out well in the last scheduled game between the teams , with the first nine outs overall on strikeouts . Each team finished with only five hits . Martin 's opposite-field shot to right field came during a crazy five - run third	True
Maddon jawed from the dugout , got tossed and came out for a protracted discussion with Emmel . Granderson crouched outside the batter 's box during the dispute , watching the antics . The wild inning seemed to wreak havoc with the scoreboard , too . As the Rays hit in the fourth	True
The wild inning seemed to wreak havoc with the scoreboard , too . As the Rays hit in the fourth , the score on the main board changed from 5 - 0 to 4 - 0 to 2 - 0 to 0 - 0 , Kuroda 's pitch count went in reverse and innings were wiped off . Nunez stole twice to set up Rodriguez 's sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Nunez stole twice to set up Rodriguez 's sacrifice fly in the fourth for a 6 - 1 lead . Robinson Cano followed with a routine fly that left fielder Desmond Jennings lost in the sun for a double . The Rays rallied in the sixth	True
The Marlins hustled plenty in the fifth inning , when they scored twice as a result of a wild sequence . With Ruggiano at second base and Jose Reyes at first	False
The Marlins hustled plenty in the fifth inning , when they scored twice as a result of a wild sequence . With Ruggiano at second base and Jose Reyes at first and two out , Carlos Lee singled to right field . After Ruggiano beat the throw home , Lee was hung up between first	False
The Marlins hustled plenty in the fifth inning , when they scored twice as a result of a wild sequence . With Ruggiano at second base and Jose Reyes at first and two out , Carlos Lee singled to right field . After Ruggiano beat the throw home , Lee was hung up between first and second	False
With Ruggiano at second base and Jose Reyes at first and two out , Carlos Lee singled to right field . After Ruggiano beat the throw home , Lee was hung up between first and second . Reyes then broke for home and beat shortstop Wilson Valdez 's throw to the plate for a 4 - 0 lead . Lee was then tagged out at second	False
Lee was then tagged out at second when he slid headfirst into Valdez 's right leg , and he left the game with a strained neck . His status is day to day . Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Rob Brantly led off with a single , advanced on a single by Bryan Petersen and scored on a double by Ruggiano . Dobbs homered to lead off the fourth	True
Millwood , who allowed two runs and two hits , left after five innings with stiffness in his shoulder . Olivo had no idea his batterymate was hurting until the final out of the fifth	True
Romero struck out three and walked four , boosting his AL-leading total to 94 , and matched Tom Underwood 's team record of 13 straight defeats set in 1978 and 1979 . Olivo got the Mariners on the board with a drive to left in the second	True
Romero struck out three and walked four , boosting his AL-leading total to 94 , and matched Tom Underwood 's team record of 13 straight defeats set in 1978 and 1979 . Olivo got the Mariners on the board with a drive to left in the second , his 10th	True
Olivo got the Mariners on the board with a drive to left in the second , his 10th . Mike Carp and Trayvon Robinson followed with singles , but Romero struck out Brendan Ryan and got Dustin Ackley to fly out . Seattle put runners at second	False
Olivo got the Mariners on the board with a drive to left in the second , his 10th . Mike Carp and Trayvon Robinson followed with singles , but Romero struck out Brendan Ryan and got Dustin Ackley to fly out . Seattle put runners at second and third	False
Olivo got the Mariners on the board with a drive to left in the second , his 10th . Mike Carp and Trayvon Robinson followed with singles , but Romero struck out Brendan Ryan and got Dustin Ackley to fly out . Seattle put runners at second and third with two outs in the third	True
Seattle put runners at second and third with two outs in the third , but center fielder Colby Rasmus caught Olivo 's sinking liner to end the threat . Romero was n't so fortunate in the fourth	True
Seattle put runners at second and third with two outs in the third , but center fielder Colby Rasmus caught Olivo 's sinking liner to end the threat . Romero was n't so fortunate in the fourth . Ryan drew a two - out walk , moved to third	False
Romero was n't so fortunate in the fourth . Ryan drew a two - out walk , moved to third on Ackley 's double and both runners scored when Franklin Gutierrez singled to right , with Ackley evading catcher J. P. Arencibia 's tag at the plate . Pitching coach Bruce Walton came to the mound after Romero issued a four - pitch walk to Jesus Montero to begin the fifth	True
Farrell insisted Romero will start again when his turn comes up next , Tuesday at New York . Millwood was perfect until Rasmus drew a one - out walk in the fourth	True
Ishikawa , subbing for the injured Corey Hart , blasted a bases-clearing double in Milwaukee 's eight - run fifth inning , coming after a three - run home run by Rickie Weeks earlier in the frame , and the Brewers beat the Braves 8 - 2 on Wednesday night . The victory was the Brewers ' ninth	False
Brewers manager Ron Roenicke credited Gallardo for overcoming early control issues . Atlanta starter Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) held the Brewers scoreless through four innings before running into major trouble in the fifth	True
The Brewers are having success in all phases of the game , which has allowed the team to climb into the playoff hunt , he added . Jason Heyward got the Braves on the board in the first inning when he hit a two - out , solo home run . The Braves added a run in the fourth	True
The right-hander entered 5 - 0 with a 1.80 ERA in six previous starts against the Rockies , and the Giants had won all six games . But he was in trouble from the outset this time , allowing successive doubles to Tyler Colvin and Josh Rutledge , the first two batters he faced . One out later , Jordan Pacheco hit an RBI single to put the Rockies up 2 - 0 . The Giants trailed 6 - 2 before they got a two - run homer from Posey in the seventh inning off reliever Rex Brothers and then pulled within one in the eighth	True
Belisle got out of the jam by retiring Marco Scutaro and Pablo Sandoval . Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the victory by working two innings , allowing one run on three hits . Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the victory by working two innings , allowing one run on three hits . Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 28th save in 33 chances . Colorado manager Jim Tracy was ejected in the bottom of the seventh	True
Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the victory by working two innings , allowing one run on three hits . Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 28th save in 33 chances . Colorado manager Jim Tracy was ejected in the bottom of the seventh by second base umpire Angel Campos after a heated argument over an inning-ending double play . Campos ruled that Scutaro tagged Rutledge before throwing to first	False
Colorado manager Jim Tracy was ejected in the bottom of the seventh by second base umpire Angel Campos after a heated argument over an inning-ending double play . Campos ruled that Scutaro tagged Rutledge before throwing to first to get Carlos Gonzalez . Tracy , ejected for the third time this season , argued that Scutaro missed the tag . The Rockies also lost catcher Ramon Hernandez to a left hamstring strain sustained while running out a double in the fourth	True
The Rockies also lost catcher Ramon Hernandez to a left hamstring strain sustained while running out a double in the fourth . He was replaced by pinch-runner Wilin Rosario , who advanced when Chris Nelson reached on first baseman Brandon Belt 's fielding error and came home on Charlie Blackmon 's double-play grounder . White hit his first career homer in the second	True
White hit his first career homer in the second , offsetting a drive he allowed in the top of the inning to Pence for the Giants ' first run . A two - out error by Sandoval on Rosario 's grounder to third opened the door to a pair of runs by the Rockies in the sixth	True
Los Angeles ( 74 - 67 ) dropped 1  games back of St. Louis for the second NL wild card with a crucial four - game set against the Cardinals starting Thursday at Dodger Stadium . Atlanta leads the wild card by 5 games . San Francisco earned its NL-leading 13th shutout and fourth	False
Kershaw was n't happy with the decision by Mattingly , saying , `` I would have loved to pitch today . '' The lefty ( 12 - 7 ) is now scheduled to start Tuesday at Arizona following an off day for the club Monday . Posey 's career-best 20th home run came in a 10-pitch at-bat with six fouls against Joe Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) to start the sixth	True
Posey -- the 2010 NL Rookie of the Year who missed most of ' 11 with a serious leg and ankle injury -- has two such 10-pitch at-bats for home runs in his career , both this season in which he should challenge for NL MVP honors . Blanton ( 1 - 4 ) was told Saturday there was a `` 50 - 50 chance '' he might be called upon to start in Kershaw 's place . He needed 36 pitches to get out of the first	True
Zito allowed four hits , struck out four and walked three in 6 1/3 scoreless innings to win his third straight decision . But it was just his third victory over the last seven starts and followed a pair of no-decisions by the 2002 AL Cy Young Award winner . Zito left to a standing ovation when he gave way to Santiago Casilla with one out in the seventh	True
Zito allowed four hits , struck out four and walked three in 6 1/3 scoreless innings to win his third straight decision . But it was just his third victory over the last seven starts and followed a pair of no-decisions by the 2002 AL Cy Young Award winner . Zito left to a standing ovation when he gave way to Santiago Casilla with one out in the seventh and runners on first	False
Baltimore was backed by a near-sellout crowd of 40,861 . But unlike Thursday night , when the Orioles hit six homers in a 10 - 6 win , most of the fans were silent at the end . Chen faced only 10 batters through the first three innings , only two more than he had to handle in New York 's five - run fourth	True
For Pearce , who played earlier this season with Baltimore , it was his first home run with New York . After Rodriguez hit his 16th homer of the season in the fifth	True
After Rodriguez hit his 16th homer of the season in the fifth , Chen was done . The left-hander has surrendered 25 home runs in 28 games , including seven in his past four starts . Jones gave Orioles fans some hope in the sixth	True
After Rodriguez hit his 16th homer of the season in the fifth , Chen was done . The left-hander has surrendered 25 home runs in 28 games , including seven in his past four starts . Jones gave Orioles fans some hope in the sixth when he connected with two on to cut the gap to 7 - 3 . It was his 29th of the year and the second	False
Jones gave Orioles fans some hope in the sixth when he connected with two on to cut the gap to 7 - 3 . It was his 29th of the year and the second in two games . Andino homered off Cody Eppley in the seventh	True
Jones gave Orioles fans some hope in the sixth when he connected with two on to cut the gap to 7 - 3 . It was his 29th of the year and the second in two games . Andino homered off Cody Eppley in the seventh , but New York got that run back in the ninth	False
Andino homered off Cody Eppley in the seventh , but New York got that run back in the ninth on an RBI single by Derek Jeter . McLouth then robbed Swisher of a home run , leaping above the 7-foot wall to grab the ball out of the waiting hands of a fan in a Yankees shirt . Machado homered with two outs in the ninth	False
The last-place Mariners ( 67 - 71 ) won for the 11th time in 14 home games and matched their win total from last year with 24 games remaining . That is progress for a team that 's had two consecutive losing seasons and has n't been to the playoffs since 2001 . Dustin Ackley hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Dustin Ackley hit a two - run single in the fourth to back Millwood ( 5 - 12 ) , who allowed four hits and one run in his first victory since July 28 . The right-hander had gone 1 - 8 since May 21 . Millwood walked three and struck out three . Tom Wilhelmsen worked the ninth	True
Boston , one of baseball 's top teams for a decade , went 1 - 8 on a miserable road trip for the club 's worst West Coast swing since a 1 - 8 debacle in September 1989 . Eric Thames opened the fourth	True
The last time Cook faced the Mariners on June 29 he threw 88 pitches in a two - hit shutout for his first complete game in more than three years . Since then , he is 1 - 8 . His last victory was Aug. 6 . The Red Sox threatened in the fourth	True
The last time Cook faced the Mariners on June 29 he threw 88 pitches in a two - hit shutout for his first complete game in more than three years . Since then , he is 1 - 8 . His last victory was Aug. 6 . The Red Sox threatened in the fourth with two outs . Cody Ross , who had three hits , and James Loney reached on singles and Jarrod Saltalamacchia walked . Ryan Lavarnway bounced out to third	False
The Red Sox threatened in the fourth with two outs . Cody Ross , who had three hits , and James Loney reached on singles and Jarrod Saltalamacchia walked . Ryan Lavarnway bounced out to third to end the inning . Boston finally pushed a run across in the sixth	True
The Red Sox threatened in the fourth with two outs . Cody Ross , who had three hits , and James Loney reached on singles and Jarrod Saltalamacchia walked . Ryan Lavarnway bounced out to third to end the inning . Boston finally pushed a run across in the sixth . Jacoby Ellsbury reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
New York sat atop the division standings for 84 consecutive days -- its longest streak since 2004 -- until Tuesday night 's 5 - 2 loss to Tampa Bay dropped the Yankees into a tie with Baltimore . They moved back into first place when the Orioles lost to Toronto 6 - 4 . New York leads the Rays by 2 1 - 2 games . A-Rod had a run-scoring double in the fourth	True
The Yankees start a four - game series against manager Buck Showalter 's Orioles on Thursday night at Camden Yards . Andruw Jones and Steve Pearce singled to start the seventh	True
The Yankees start a four - game series against manager Buck Showalter 's Orioles on Thursday night at Camden Yards . Andruw Jones and Steve Pearce singled to start the seventh off Matt Moore ( 10 - 9 ) before Jayson Nix moved the runners to second	False
The Yankees start a four - game series against manager Buck Showalter 's Orioles on Thursday night at Camden Yards . Andruw Jones and Steve Pearce singled to start the seventh off Matt Moore ( 10 - 9 ) before Jayson Nix moved the runners to second and third	False
Ben Zobrist drove in two runs for Tampa Bay , which had won four in a row . Jeter made a nice running , over-the-shoulder catch on Matt Joyce 's flare with two on and two outs in the seventh	True
Jeter made a nice running , over-the-shoulder catch on Matt Joyce 's flare with two on and two outs in the seventh . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 36th save . After blowing a two - run lead , the Yankees went up 4 - 3 on Martin 's solo homer in the sixth	True
After blowing a two - run lead , the Yankees went up 4 - 3 on Martin 's solo homer in the sixth . He had his batting average climb from .199 to .202 . Tampa Bay quickly pulled even at 4 on Luke Scott 's first long ball since July 19 off Hiroki Kuroda ( 13 - 10 ) later in the sixth	True
Tampa Bay quickly pulled even at 4 on Luke Scott 's first long ball since July 19 off Hiroki Kuroda ( 13 - 10 ) later in the sixth . After Rodriguez , who returned Monday after missing 36 games with a broken left hand , had an RBI double , Martin drove in a pair on a double that made it 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
After Rodriguez , who returned Monday after missing 36 games with a broken left hand , had an RBI double , Martin drove in a pair on a double that made it 3 - 1 in the fourth . Evan Longoria put the Rays ahead 1 - 0 on an RBI single in the first inning . Tampa Bay tied it 3-all in the fifth	True
The Mets did most of their damage off of Cardinals starter Adam Wainwright ( 13 - 12 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in five innings . However , Wainwright delivered the Cardinals ' first run when he led off the third inning with a home run against Dickey . It was Wainwright 's first homer of the season and the sixth	False
However , Wainwright delivered the Cardinals ' first run when he led off the third inning with a home run against Dickey . It was Wainwright 's first homer of the season and the sixth in his major league career . Former first-round pick Shelby Miller was much more effective for the Cardinals . Making his Major League debut , Miller struck out four in two innings of scoreless relief , including fanning the side in the seventh	True
Former first-round pick Shelby Miller was much more effective for the Cardinals . Making his Major League debut , Miller struck out four in two innings of scoreless relief , including fanning the side in the seventh . After Wainwright 's homer cut the Mets ' advantage to 2 - 1 , New York stretched its lead in the fifth	True
After Wainwright 's homer cut the Mets ' advantage to 2 - 1 , New York stretched its lead in the fifth on Davis ' shot . Mike Baxter led off the fifth	True
Minor held Colorado hitless for six innings , Craig Kimbrel earned the first four - out save of his career , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Rockies 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Minor ( 8 - 10 ) lost a no-hit bid in the seventh	True
Minor held Colorado hitless for six innings , Craig Kimbrel earned the first four - out save of his career , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Rockies 1 - 0 on Wednesday night . Minor ( 8 - 10 ) lost a no-hit bid in the seventh when Jordan Pacheco led off with a single . Pacheco stole second	False
Minor ( 8 - 10 ) lost a no-hit bid in the seventh when Jordan Pacheco led off with a single . Pacheco stole second , but was stranded when Minor struck out Ramon Hernandez swinging , Chris Nelson on a foul tip and Andrew Brown looking . Minor allowed one hit , four walks and struck out seven . The left-hander threw 63 of 108 pitches for strikes . He left the game when Tyler Pastornicky pinch-hit for him in the seventh	True
Minor allowed one hit , four walks and struck out seven . The left-hander threw 63 of 108 pitches for strikes . He left the game when Tyler Pastornicky pinch-hit for him in the seventh . Atlanta manager Fredi Gonzalez thought Minor did a fine job in holding Colorado , which began the night second	False
Atlanta manager Fredi Gonzalez thought Minor did a fine job in holding Colorado , which began the night second in the NL with a .272 batting average , hitless through six innings . The Braves made it 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
Atlanta manager Fredi Gonzalez thought Minor did a fine job in holding Colorado , which began the night second in the NL with a .272 batting average , hitless through six innings . The Braves made it 1 - 0 in the fourth off Alex White ( 2 - 8 ) when Chipper Jones led off with a single , moved to second	False
Atlanta manager Fredi Gonzalez thought Minor did a fine job in holding Colorado , which began the night second in the NL with a .272 batting average , hitless through six innings . The Braves made it 1 - 0 in the fourth off Alex White ( 2 - 8 ) when Chipper Jones led off with a single , moved to second when Freddie Freeman walked and scored when shortstop Josh Rutledge threw errantly to first	False
Atlanta began the night with a two - game lead over St. Louis and a 3 1/2-game lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL wild-card race . The Braves had lost 11 of 17 . Jose Constanza drew a leadoff walk in the seventh	True
Atlanta began the night with a two - game lead over St. Louis and a 3 1/2-game lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL wild-card race . The Braves had lost 11 of 17 . Jose Constanza drew a leadoff walk in the seventh for Atlanta off Matt Ottavino , stole second	False
Atlanta began the night with a two - game lead over St. Louis and a 3 1/2-game lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL wild-card race . The Braves had lost 11 of 17 . Jose Constanza drew a leadoff walk in the seventh for Atlanta off Matt Ottavino , stole second and moved to third	False
Harris pitched the final 1 1/3 innings for Colorado , helping the Rockies ' bullpen run their streak to 15 consecutive scoreless innings in the four - game series . Facing Eric O'Flaherty in the eighth	True
Harris pitched the final 1 1/3 innings for Colorado , helping the Rockies ' bullpen run their streak to 15 consecutive scoreless innings in the four - game series . Facing Eric O'Flaherty in the eighth , Dexter Fowler walked with one out and advanced to third	False
Harris pitched the final 1 1/3 innings for Colorado , helping the Rockies ' bullpen run their streak to 15 consecutive scoreless innings in the four - game series . Facing Eric O'Flaherty in the eighth , Dexter Fowler walked with one out and advanced to third on Rutledge 's single . After O'Flaherty struck out Carlos Gonzalez and Rutledge stole second	False
For Rockies manager Jim Tracy , Gonzalez 's strikeout was a turning point . Kimbrel earned his 32nd save in 35 chances . In the ninth	True
Kimbrel earned his 32nd save in 35 chances . In the ninth , he struck out Hernandez and pinch-hitter Tyler Colvin . After pinch-hitter Jason Giambi walked , Wilin Rosario struck out to end the game . Minor , who singled in the second	True
J. J. Hardy drove in two runs as the Orioles won for the eighth time in 10 games . The one - game gap marks the closest anyone has been to the Yankees since mid-June . Acquired recently from Arizona , Saunders ( 1 - 1 ) retired the first 17 Blue Jays batters before hanging a changeup to nine - hole hitter Adeiny Hechavarria , who lined a two - out single to center in the sixth	True
After Hechavarria 's hit , Rajai Davis followed with a walk , but Saunders struck out Colby Rasmus to end the inning . Saunders allowed three hits in 6 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out two . Luis Ayala replaced Saunders after the Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Luis Ayala replaced Saunders after the Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the seventh . Ayala escaped by fanning rookie Moises Sierra and getting Jeff Mathis to fly out . Pedro Strop worked the eighth	True
Adam Jones had two hits and Nick Markakis reached three times for the Orioles . The Orioles opened the scoring in the second	True
Machado scored when Nate McLouth followed with a sacrifice bunt . Baltimore tacked on two more in the fifth	True
Machado scored when Nate McLouth followed with a sacrifice bunt . Baltimore tacked on two more in the fifth on back-to-back RBI doubles by Markakis and Hardy . Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ avoided further damage by striking out Wieters , Mark Reynolds and Machado to strand runners at second	False
Machado scored when Nate McLouth followed with a sacrifice bunt . Baltimore tacked on two more in the fifth on back-to-back RBI doubles by Markakis and Hardy . Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ avoided further damage by striking out Wieters , Mark Reynolds and Machado to strand runners at second and third	False
Baltimore tacked on two more in the fifth on back-to-back RBI doubles by Markakis and Hardy . Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ avoided further damage by striking out Wieters , Mark Reynolds and Machado to strand runners at second and third . Hardy added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Happ ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and six hits in five - plus innings . He walked two and struck out nine . Brad Lincoln came on after McLouth doubled off the wall to begin the sixth	True
The Dodgers celebrated a new tradition by shredding the jersey of the player with a walk-off hit , in this case Ellis , who found himself on the bottom of a dog pile . Ethier tied the game 3-all with his 16th homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Brandon League ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of relief . He gave up one hit , struck out two and walked one . Padres starter Andrew Werner allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , struck out a career-high eight and walked one in his third major league start . The left-hander got a Padres rally started in the seventh	True
Choate was replaced by Belisario , who gave up a two - out single to Chase Headley that scored pinch-runner Clayton Richard , the scheduled starter for Wednesday 's series finale , to give San Diego a 3 - 2 lead . Hanley Ramirez homered -- his 10th since joining the Dodgers -- with two outs in the sixth	True
Hanley Ramirez homered -- his 10th since joining the Dodgers -- with two outs in the sixth on the first pitch from Werner to tie the game at 2 . Headley 's 24th homer in the first gave San Diego a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers gained a run back in the fifth	True
Hanley Ramirez homered -- his 10th since joining the Dodgers -- with two outs in the sixth on the first pitch from Werner to tie the game at 2 . Headley 's 24th homer in the first gave San Diego a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers gained a run back in the fifth on Mark Ellis ' RBI single that scored Cruz , who singled , was sacrificed to second	False
Headley 's 24th homer in the first gave San Diego a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers gained a run back in the fifth on Mark Ellis ' RBI single that scored Cruz , who singled , was sacrificed to second and scored when catcher John Baker could n't secure the throw from left fielder Chris Denorfia in his glove . Dodgers starter Joe Blanton gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked two . He got out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 11 - 9 ) pitched five innings while dealing with a blister and shut down the red-hot Athletics in the Angels ' sixth victory in the last seven . Oakland had all the momentum coming off a commanding sweep of the Red Sox in which the A 's outscored Boston 33 - 5 . Torii Hunter led off the third	True
C. J. Wilson ( 11 - 9 ) pitched five innings while dealing with a blister and shut down the red-hot Athletics in the Angels ' sixth victory in the last seven . Oakland had all the momentum coming off a commanding sweep of the Red Sox in which the A 's outscored Boston 33 - 5 . Torii Hunter led off the third with a solo homer and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 11 - 9 ) pitched five innings while dealing with a blister and shut down the red-hot Athletics in the Angels ' sixth victory in the last seven . Oakland had all the momentum coming off a commanding sweep of the Red Sox in which the A 's outscored Boston 33 - 5 . Torii Hunter led off the third with a solo homer and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for the Angels . Wells hit his 10th homer to start the fourth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 11 - 9 ) pitched five innings while dealing with a blister and shut down the red-hot Athletics in the Angels ' sixth victory in the last seven . Oakland had all the momentum coming off a commanding sweep of the Red Sox in which the A 's outscored Boston 33 - 5 . Torii Hunter led off the third with a solo homer and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for the Angels . Wells hit his 10th homer to start the fourth and No . 9 hitter Iannetta connected in the sixth	True
Wilson outpitched fellow lefty Tommy Milone ( 11 - 10 ) to win back-to-back starts for the first time since June 19 and 26 . Josh Donaldson hit a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
Josh Donaldson hit a leadoff homer in the fifth and Josh Reddick added an RBI single for the A 's , who lead the AL wild-card race . They have homered in 10 straight games and have 22 during that stretch . Chris Carter hit a solo drive in the eighth	True
And the Angels failed to do more damage in the first inning . Mike Trout and Hunter each singled to start the game before Albert Pujols grounded into a double play and Mark Trumbo flied out . Trout also stole his AL-leading 43rd base in the sixth	True
The Angels won this one the way the A 's had been doing it in recent days : jumping on the opposing starting pitcher right away . Wells and Iannetta hit consecutive RBI singles in the second	True
Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched an inning to get the victory Sunday and Javier Lopez got the final two outs for his sixth save in eight chances . San Francisco carried a 3 - 1 lead into the fifth	True
San Francisco carried a 3 - 1 lead into the fifth but Darwin Barney scored on right fielder Hunter Pence 's error and Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run drive off Cain for his 25th homer , putting the Cubs ahead 5 - 3 . Brandon Belt tripled in Xavier Nady in the sixth	True
San Francisco carried a 3 - 1 lead into the fifth but Darwin Barney scored on right fielder Hunter Pence 's error and Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run drive off Cain for his 25th homer , putting the Cubs ahead 5 - 3 . Brandon Belt tripled in Xavier Nady in the sixth and scored the tying run on Manuel Corpas ' wild pitch . Then the Giants took advantage of a bout of wildness by Carlos Marmol to grab the lead in the ninth	False
Brandon Belt tripled in Xavier Nady in the sixth and scored the tying run on Manuel Corpas ' wild pitch . Then the Giants took advantage of a bout of wildness by Carlos Marmol to grab the lead in the ninth . Nady led off with a four - pitch walk and pinch-runner Gregor Blanco stole second	False
Chicago starter Travis Wood surrendered seven hits and four runs -- two earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . The left-hander is 0 - 8 with a 6.33 ERA in his last 10 starts . San Francisco got three in the third	True
Chicago starter Travis Wood surrendered seven hits and four runs -- two earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . The left-hander is 0 - 8 with a 6.33 ERA in his last 10 starts . San Francisco got three in the third , aided by an error on first baseman Anthony Rizzo , who threw wide to first	False
Chicago starter Travis Wood surrendered seven hits and four runs -- two earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . The left-hander is 0 - 8 with a 6.33 ERA in his last 10 starts . San Francisco got three in the third , aided by an error on first baseman Anthony Rizzo , who threw wide to first on Cain 's sacrifice bunt , putting runners at first	False
Chicago starter Travis Wood surrendered seven hits and four runs -- two earned -- in 5 2/3 innings . The left-hander is 0 - 8 with a 6.33 ERA in his last 10 starts . San Francisco got three in the third , aided by an error on first baseman Anthony Rizzo , who threw wide to first on Cain 's sacrifice bunt , putting runners at first and second	False
Cain missed Barney 's comebacker to start the bottom half of the inning . Barney , credited with an infield single , moved up on Wood 's sacrifice and scored on David DeJesus ' sharp single to make it 3 - 1 . And the Cubs practically repeated that sequence for their second run in the fifth	True
Headley drove in at least one run with each of his four hits , including his 23rd homer of the season , a two - run shot in the first inning . Alexi Amarista had a career-best five hits for the Padres , who had a season-high 20 on the day . With San Diego leading 9 - 7 in the bottom of the seventh	True
Rockies manager Jim Tracy said Nelson has been swinging the bat well recently . Colorado added a run in the eighth	True
Rockies manager Jim Tracy said Nelson has been swinging the bat well recently . Colorado added a run in the eighth , with help from a two - base throwing error by Brach that allowed Charlie Blackmon , aboard with a walk , to advance to third	False
Colorado added a run in the eighth , with help from a two - base throwing error by Brach that allowed Charlie Blackmon , aboard with a walk , to advance to third . Fowler drove him in with his third hit of the day and second RBI single . Guillermo Moscoso ( 1 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to close the seventh	True
The Rockies recovered to get the win after giving up a four - run lead following a seven - run third inning . San Diego 's Casey Kelly , who pitched six scoreless innings to beat Atlanta in his major league debut last Monday , was roughed up when the Rockies sent 11 men to the plate in the third	True
Fowler singled to drive in the inning 's first run for the Rockies and after a two - out , ground-rule double by Gonzalez , Pacheco hit a two - run double to tie the score at 3-all . Colvin followed with a drive into the right-field seats for his 17th home run of the season and second	False
Colvin followed with a drive into the right-field seats for his 17th home run of the season and second in two games . After Nelson singled , Hernandez connected for a two - run shot , his first homer since April 27 , ending a drought of 121 at-bats . Staked to the 7 - 3 lead after trailing 3 - 0 early , Rockies starter Jeff Francis could n't get out of the fourth inning . He allowed six runs on 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , including Headley 's two - run homer in the first	True
Colvin followed with a drive into the right-field seats for his 17th home run of the season and second in two games . After Nelson singled , Hernandez connected for a two - run shot , his first homer since April 27 , ending a drought of 121 at-bats . Staked to the 7 - 3 lead after trailing 3 - 0 early , Rockies starter Jeff Francis could n't get out of the fourth inning . He allowed six runs on 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , including Headley 's two - run homer in the first and RBI single in the third	True
Staked to the 7 - 3 lead after trailing 3 - 0 early , Rockies starter Jeff Francis could n't get out of the fourth inning . He allowed six runs on 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings , including Headley 's two - run homer in the first and RBI single in the third . Headley 's two - run single in the fourth helped the Padres pull to 7 - 6 , finishing Francis and bringing on reliever Adam Ottovino . After Amarista doubled in the sixth	True
Friday 's game ended when Blue Jays rookie Moises Sierra threw out pinch-runner Elliot Johnson at home plate . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann left in the fourth inning with tightness in his right arm , bringing an early end to his comeback from a broken right leg . Niemann said his arm stiffened up between the third	True
Friday 's game ended when Blue Jays rookie Moises Sierra threw out pinch-runner Elliot Johnson at home plate . Tampa Bay starter Jeff Niemann left in the fourth inning with tightness in his right arm , bringing an early end to his comeback from a broken right leg . Niemann said his arm stiffened up between the third and fourth	True
Niemann had not pitched since May 14 when he left a start at Toronto after being struck by Adam Lind 's line drive . J.P Howell got one out , Wade Davis ( 2 - 0 ) went 2 1 - 3 , Jake McGee pitched the seventh	True
J.P Howell got one out , Wade Davis ( 2 - 0 ) went 2 1 - 3 , Jake McGee pitched the seventh , Joel Peralta got one out in the eight and Rodney got five outs for his 40th save in 42 chances . Joyce drove in the deciding run by hitting his 15th homer , a second deck shot to right in the eighth	True
Beaten 2 - 0 in Thursday 's series opener , Tampa Bay lost 2 - 1 Friday , a game that saw two Rays runners thrown out at home plate . This time , Tampa Bay used a four - run , bat-around third	True
This time , Tampa Bay used a four - run , bat-around third to win for just the second time in eight games . The Rays also improved to 2 - 11 in their past 13 one - run games . Roberts got the Rays on the board with a one - out drive to left-center , his third	False
Alvarez ( 7 - 12 ) lost for the fifth time in six starts , allowing four runs and five hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out two . Niemann appeared to be walking around the mound in discomfort after Rajai Davis flied out to begin the fourth	True
Encarnacion 's blast snapped Howell 's club record scoreless innings streak at 27 1 - 3 . Toronto cut it to 5 - 4 in the eighth	True
Cabrera and Jhonny Peralta hit two - run homers in a four - run fourth inning against CC Sabathia , who was unable to prevent the Yankees from getting swept in a postseason series for the first time in 32 years . Scherzer took a no-hit bid into the sixth	True
Cabrera and Jhonny Peralta hit two - run homers in a four - run fourth inning against CC Sabathia , who was unable to prevent the Yankees from getting swept in a postseason series for the first time in 32 years . Scherzer took a no-hit bid into the sixth against a starting lineup that was again without Alex Rodriguez , who flied out with two on in the sixth	True
Scherzer took a no-hit bid into the sixth against a starting lineup that was again without Alex Rodriguez , who flied out with two on in the sixth as a pinch hitter . Austin Jackson added a solo shot in the seventh	False
Scherzer allowed a run and two hits in 5 2/3 innings in the finale , struck out 10 and walked two . The Yankees , without a World Series title since 2009 , lost Jeter to a broken ankle in the opening game , and the slumping Rodriguez was benched for Game 3 . He was out of the starting lineup for Game 4 too , but A-Rod did have one last chance to turn his postseason around when Scherzer was lifted for left-hander Drew Smyly with two outs in the sixth	True
The Yankees , without a World Series title since 2009 , lost Jeter to a broken ankle in the opening game , and the slumping Rodriguez was benched for Game 3 . He was out of the starting lineup for Game 4 too , but A-Rod did have one last chance to turn his postseason around when Scherzer was lifted for left-hander Drew Smyly with two outs in the sixth and the Tigers up 6 - 1 . As Smyly finished warming up , Rodriguez popped out of the dugout to hit for Raul Ibanez , but with runners at the corners , he hit a routine fly to center field . He grounded out in the ninth	True
After a rainout Wednesday , Game 4 started under a sunny sky , and Detroit immediately took the lead on series MVP Delmon Young 's RBI single . Young became the first player with four game-winning RBIs in one postseason series , STATS said . Avisail Garcia drove in an unearned run in the third	True
After a rainout Wednesday , Game 4 started under a sunny sky , and Detroit immediately took the lead on series MVP Delmon Young 's RBI single . Young became the first player with four game-winning RBIs in one postseason series , STATS said . Avisail Garcia drove in an unearned run in the third with a single before the Tigers broke it open in the fourth	True
When the fourth inning finally ended , the crowd at Comerica gave the Tigers a standing ovation , sensing that an even bigger celebration was n't too far off . Scherzer made sure of that . The right-hander was terrific down the stretch for the Tigers before his throwing shoulder acted up near the end of the regular season . He made it through 5 1/3 innings in the division series against Oakland without allowing an earned run , then kept the Yankees off the scoreboard until Eduardo Nunez tripled in the sixth	True
Scherzer made sure of that . The right-hander was terrific down the stretch for the Tigers before his throwing shoulder acted up near the end of the regular season . He made it through 5 1/3 innings in the division series against Oakland without allowing an earned run , then kept the Yankees off the scoreboard until Eduardo Nunez tripled in the sixth for New York 's first hit and scored on Nick Swisher 's double . Swisher , likely playing his last game with the Yankees , was 1 for 35 with runners in scoring position in his postseason career before that hit . He struck out with two on and two outs in the third	True
ST. LOUIS -- Rookies in the postseason , the Washington Nationals played like poised veterans . The Nationals escaped a bases-loaded jam in the seventh inning , Tyler Moore blooped a two - out , two - run single in the eighth	True
The Nationals , who had never come close to making the playoffs since moving from Montreal for the 2005 season , overcame a wild start by 21-game winner Gio Gonzalez . They limited the Cardinals to just three hits . Rookie reliever Ryan Mattheus needed just two pitches to bail out the Nationals in the seventh	True
The Nationals , who had never come close to making the playoffs since moving from Montreal for the 2005 season , overcame a wild start by 21-game winner Gio Gonzalez . They limited the Cardinals to just three hits . Rookie reliever Ryan Mattheus needed just two pitches to bail out the Nationals in the seventh with St. Louis ahead 2 - 1 . Moore , another rookie , put them ahead soon after that , Tyler Clippard worked around an error in the eighth	True
The Nationals , who had never come close to making the playoffs since moving from Montreal for the 2005 season , overcame a wild start by 21-game winner Gio Gonzalez . They limited the Cardinals to just three hits . Rookie reliever Ryan Mattheus needed just two pitches to bail out the Nationals in the seventh with St. Louis ahead 2 - 1 . Moore , another rookie , put them ahead soon after that , Tyler Clippard worked around an error in the eighth and Drew Storen saved it with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
The Cardinals made it to the best-of-five division series by beating Atlanta in the wild-card matchup Friday . But St. Louis wasted a 10-strikeout gem by Wainwright , failing to capitalize enough on Gonzalez 's career high-tying seven walks and frustrating its towel-waving fans . Mattheus diffused a bases-loaded , none - out threat in the seventh	True
Third-place hitter Matt Holliday chimed in his complaints about facing Gonzalez : `` He 's hard to hit when you can see well and even harder when you ca n't . '' Rookie shortstop Pete Kozma misplayed Michael Morse 's grounder for an error to open the eighth	True
Rookie shortstop Pete Kozma misplayed Michael Morse 's grounder for an error to open the eighth and set up the Nationals ' go-ahead rally . Desmond followed with a single off Mitchell Boggs , putting runners at the corners . Danny Espinosa sacrificed , leaving runners at second	False
Rookie shortstop Pete Kozma misplayed Michael Morse 's grounder for an error to open the eighth and set up the Nationals ' go-ahead rally . Desmond followed with a single off Mitchell Boggs , putting runners at the corners . Danny Espinosa sacrificed , leaving runners at second and third	False
He fanned Bryce Harper and Ryan Zimmerman twice each and seventh-place hitter Espinosa all three times . Gonzalez allowed just one hit in five innings , on David Freese 's full-count bouncer between third	False
He fanned Bryce Harper and Ryan Zimmerman twice each and seventh-place hitter Espinosa all three times . Gonzalez allowed just one hit in five innings , on David Freese 's full-count bouncer between third and short to start the fourth	True
Gonzalez allowed just one hit in five innings , on David Freese 's full-count bouncer between third and short to start the fourth . But he had trouble finding catcher Suzuki 's glove and keeping warm . The second inning was Gonzalez 's shakiest when he allowed the Cardinals to score twice and take the lead without a hit . Gonzalez walked four of the first five hitters , putting St. Louis in position to score one run on a wild pitch and a second	True
`` The whole time I was just saying minimize the damage because things were spinning out of control . I just wanted to match everything Wainwright did . I was trying to keep up with him . '' Nationals right fielder Jayson Werth robbed Daniel Descalso of a two - run homer off with a leaping catch to keep it at 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
`` The whole time I was just saying minimize the damage because things were spinning out of control . I just wanted to match everything Wainwright did . I was trying to keep up with him . '' Nationals right fielder Jayson Werth robbed Daniel Descalso of a two - run homer off with a leaping catch to keep it at 2 - 1 in the sixth . Descalso had a fielding gem of his own in the seventh	True
Dickey left trailing 3 - 0 , and manager Terry Collins said he could tell the injury was a factor . The Mets rallied with three runs in the eighth	True
The Mets rallied with three runs in the eighth to tie the game . After Marlins rookie Jacob Turner allowed one run in 7 2/3 innings , beleaguered former All-Star Heath Bell helped blow their lead . Jose Reyes tripled off McHugh to start the 11th	True
Solano had struck out in his previous four at-bats . New York scored three times after Bell entered the game with two out in the eighth	True
Bell , who has come to symbolize the Marlins ' disappointing season , then departed to jeers from the crowd . With the score 3-all , the Mets ' Andres Torres tripled in the ninth	True
Bell , who has come to symbolize the Marlins ' disappointing season , then departed to jeers from the crowd . With the score 3-all , the Mets ' Andres Torres tripled in the ninth . But Jordany Valdespin and Ruben Tejada struck out against Steve Cishek . New York loaded the bases in the 10th	True
Blackley ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three hits and struck out five a week after the Rangers knocked him out with a five - run first inning in the shortest start of his career . He allowed only an RBI double to Josh Hamilton in his longest outing since July 24 , just the latest surprising performance in an improbable season for the low-budget A 's . Derek Norris gave Oakland the lead in the fifth	True
Blackley ( 6 - 4 ) gave up three hits and struck out five a week after the Rangers knocked him out with a five - run first inning in the shortest start of his career . He allowed only an RBI double to Josh Hamilton in his longest outing since July 24 , just the latest surprising performance in an improbable season for the low-budget A 's . Derek Norris gave Oakland the lead in the fifth with an RBI single that scored a second run when right fielder Nelson Cruz bobbled the ball in right field for an error . Jonny Gomes added a solo homer in the sixth	False
Derek Norris gave Oakland the lead in the fifth with an RBI single that scored a second run when right fielder Nelson Cruz bobbled the ball in right field for an error . Jonny Gomes added a solo homer in the sixth , and the bullpen did the rest in Oakland 's fifth straight win . Sean Doolittle and Ryan Cook each pitched a scoreless inning , and Balfour worked a perfect ninth	True
They had been counting on Matt Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) to wrap up the title but now need to survive one more storm Wednesday to do it . Harrison had been cruising along , retiring 10 straight batters before running into trouble in the fifth	True
They had been counting on Matt Harrison ( 18 - 11 ) to wrap up the title but now need to survive one more storm Wednesday to do it . Harrison had been cruising along , retiring 10 straight batters before running into trouble in the fifth . Josh Donaldson led off with a single and advanced to third	False
Harrison had been cruising along , retiring 10 straight batters before running into trouble in the fifth . Josh Donaldson led off with a single and advanced to third on Brandon Moss ' double . Norris then lined a single to right field that scored Donaldson with the tying run . Third-base coach Mike Gallego initially held up Moss , but Cruz bobbled the ball for an error that allowed Moss to score . Oakland tacked on an insurance run when Gomes hit his 18th homer with two outs in the sixth	True
Maldonado said it was difficult to hit for power when not playing much . Jim Henderson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Henderson did not realize he was credited with the win until talking to reporters after the game , and said he did n't save any memento . John Axford worked the ninth	True
Henderson did not realize he was credited with the win until talking to reporters after the game , and said he did n't save any memento . John Axford worked the ninth for his 35th save in 44 chances , getting Logan Forsythe to ground out with a runner on third	False
The Brewers started Thornburg and fellow rookies Norichika Aoki , Logan Schafer , Maldonado , Taylor Green , Jean Segura , Jeff Bianchi and Maldonado . Rookie Eric Farris pinch-hit and rookies Brandon Kintzler and Henderson pitched in relief . The Padres started Bass , who has been pitching in relief since returning from a shoulder injury in early September . He was limited to 60 pitches , and allowed only one hit and one walk in the first two innings , but ran into trouble as his pitch count climbed in the third	True
The Padres started Bass , who has been pitching in relief since returning from a shoulder injury in early September . He was limited to 60 pitches , and allowed only one hit and one walk in the first two innings , but ran into trouble as his pitch count climbed in the third . With one out in a scoreless game , Aoki singled and stole second	False
Pitching coach Darren Balsley visited the mound , but Bass stayed in the game and Maldonado hit the right-hander 's 56th pitch into the left-field bleachers to give Milwaukee a 4 - 0 lead . Will Venable 's RBI single scored Chase Headley in the fourth	True
Will Venable 's RBI single scored Chase Headley in the fourth to pull San Diego to 4 - 1 . The Padres scored twice off reliever Manny Parra in the sixth	True
Will Venable 's RBI single scored Chase Headley in the fourth to pull San Diego to 4 - 1 . The Padres scored twice off reliever Manny Parra in the sixth to make it 4 - 3 . Headley singled , moved to second	False
Pinch-hitter Yasmani Grandal 's infield single off Kameron Loe scored Guzman to make it 4 - 3 . Loe struck out pinch-hitter Carlos Quentin to leave the bases loaded . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
`` It shows you what you 're capable of , going against a guy like that . '' Aroldis Chapman worked a perfect ninth	True
Latos ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five hits and walked three over six innings in his sixth quality start in as many outings this season . The Reds have scored just four runs in his last three appearances . The Cardinals had two baserunners in an inning four times against Latos . Craig , who came in 7 for 11 with runners in scoring position and two outs , failed twice in that situation with forceouts to end the third	True
Seattle broke the game open against Britton ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits over six innings in his first start of the season after being called up from Triple-A Norfolk . Britton got into trouble after a strange sequence in the sixth	True
Span and Jayson Werth each had two hits for Washington , which has won the first three games of the four - game set . Harper 's two RBIs gave him 18 , a Nationals record for April . Trailing 6 - 2 in the seventh	True
Trailing 6 - 2 in the seventh , the Reds got a two - out RBI single from pinch-hitter Todd Frazier off Tyler Clippard to make it 6 - 3 . Shin-Soo Choo then walked to load the bases and Zack Cozart hit a laser to left-center , but Span 's running catch ended the threat . In the sixth	True
Haren , who was roughed up by Cincinnati for six runs and nine hits in four innings of a 15 - 0 loss on April 5 , lowered his ERA from 7.36 to 6.29 in his longest outing of the year . Rafael Soriano pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Reds starter Mike Leake ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , in three innings . The Nationals scored twice in the second	True
Reds starter Mike Leake ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , in three innings . The Nationals scored twice in the second . Ian Desmond and Anthony Rendon drew one - out walks . Kurt Suzuki popped out , but Haren blooped a single into short right field scoring Desmond . Rendon went to third	False
The Nationals scored twice in the second . Ian Desmond and Anthony Rendon drew one - out walks . Kurt Suzuki popped out , but Haren blooped a single into short right field scoring Desmond . Rendon went to third and scored when Span singled . Harper and Werth opened the third	True
The Nationals scored twice in the second . Ian Desmond and Anthony Rendon drew one - out walks . Kurt Suzuki popped out , but Haren blooped a single into short right field scoring Desmond . Rendon went to third and scored when Span singled . Harper and Werth opened the third with singles and , after Adam LaRoche flied out , Desmond singled , scoring Harper . Leake fanned Rendon , but Suzuki hit a grounder toward the hole between third	False
The Nationals scored twice in the second . Ian Desmond and Anthony Rendon drew one - out walks . Kurt Suzuki popped out , but Haren blooped a single into short right field scoring Desmond . Rendon went to third and scored when Span singled . Harper and Werth opened the third with singles and , after Adam LaRoche flied out , Desmond singled , scoring Harper . Leake fanned Rendon , but Suzuki hit a grounder toward the hole between third and shortstop . Third baseman Jack Hannahan made a diving stop , but threw wide to second	False
Harper and Werth opened the third with singles and , after Adam LaRoche flied out , Desmond singled , scoring Harper . Leake fanned Rendon , but Suzuki hit a grounder toward the hole between third and shortstop . Third baseman Jack Hannahan made a diving stop , but threw wide to second and Werth scored as the ball rolled into right field . The Reds ended a 17-inning scoring drought in the fourth	True
The Reds ended a 17-inning scoring drought in the fourth when Votto doubled and Phillips singled him home . Harper , on the one - year anniversary of his callup , put the Nationals ahead 6 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Reds ended a 17-inning scoring drought in the fourth when Votto doubled and Phillips singled him home . Harper , on the one - year anniversary of his callup , put the Nationals ahead 6 - 1 in the fourth , homering into the Washington bullpen on a 1 - 2 pitch off Alfredo Simon with Danny Espinosa on first	False
The Reds ended a 17-inning scoring drought in the fourth when Votto doubled and Phillips singled him home . Harper , on the one - year anniversary of his callup , put the Nationals ahead 6 - 1 in the fourth , homering into the Washington bullpen on a 1 - 2 pitch off Alfredo Simon with Danny Espinosa on first . It was Harper 's ninth	False
The Phillies have won five in a row and nine of 12 at Citi Field , dating to 2011 . Shaun Marcum ( 0 - 1 ) went four innings in his Mets debut after beginning the season on the disabled list with a neck injury and right biceps tendinitis . John Buck hit his eighth homer in the ninth	True
David Wright and Jordany Valdespin had RBI doubles for the Mets , who fielded the same shuffled lineup that was shut out by Kyle Kendrick on three singles Friday night . Brown hit a three - run shot to right off reliever Rob Carson in the fifth	True
Brown hit a three - run shot to right off reliever Rob Carson in the fifth and Mayberry drove the next pitch way out to left , making it 8 - 2 . It was the second set of back-to-back homers for the Phillies this season , both against the Mets . Pettibone loaded the bases with none out in the fourth	True
Pettibone loaded the bases with none out in the fourth on consecutive singles and a four - pitch walk . But after a mound visit from pitching coach Rich Dubee , the 22-year-old righty minimized the damage . Ike Davis hit a sacrifice fly to the left-field warning track , Valdespin forced a runner at second	False
It also was the end of the afternoon for Marcum , pulled for the pinch hitter , and Philadelphia immediately broke the game open against a dreadful New York bullpen that began the day ranked next-to-last in the majors with a 5.02 ERA . Rollins doubled off Carson to start the fifth	True
Brown and Mayberry followed with much longer shots off Carson , who retained his spot in the bullpen Saturday when New York demoted fellow left-hander Josh Edgin to make roster room for Marcum . Pettibone helped himself at the plate , too . He sparked Philadelphia 's three - run third	True
Adrian Gonzalez drove in the tying and go-ahead runs with a two - out double in the seventh inning , Carl Crawford homered , and the Dodgers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 5 on Friday night . Beckett allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The no-decision left him 0 - 3 in five starts with a 4.75 ERA and eight home runs allowed -- including Ryan Braun 's seventh	False
Adrian Gonzalez drove in the tying and go-ahead runs with a two - out double in the seventh inning , Carl Crawford homered , and the Dodgers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 5 on Friday night . Beckett allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The no-decision left him 0 - 3 in five starts with a 4.75 ERA and eight home runs allowed -- including Ryan Braun 's seventh and Yuniesky Betancourt 's fourth	False
The only other time the three - time All-Star and 2003 World Series MVP was winless in his first five starts of a season was 2002 , when he was 0 - 2 with a 3.42 ERA for the Marlins . This is the seventh time the 13-year veteran has had an ERA of 4.00 or worse through his first five starts , including identical 7.22 figures in 2009 and 2010 with Boston . Justin Sellers greeted reliever Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 2 ) with a leadoff single in the seventh	True
Justin Sellers greeted reliever Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 2 ) with a leadoff single in the seventh and advanced on a sacrifice bunt by Jerry Hairston Jr. Punto drew a four - pitch walk from Michael Gonzalez with two out , and Adrian Gonzalez followed with a drive off the glove of center fielder Carlos Gomez as Sellers and Punto scored to give Los Angeles a 5 - 4 lead . The Dodgers extended the margin to 7 - 4 in the eighth	False
Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) struck out three over 1 2/3 hitless innings after following Paco Rodriguez out of the bullpen . Rodriguez gave up a go-ahead RBI single by Norichika Aoki , who ended up at third base after two - time Gold Glove center fielder Matt Kemp overran the ball for his fourth error of the season . But Aoki was thrown out at the plate by Belisario on a botched suicide squeeze with Jean Segura at the plate . Brandon League gave up a run in the ninth	True
Brandon League gave up a run in the ninth but got his seventh save in eight attempts to help send the Brewers to their second straight loss after a nine - game winning streak . League retired Braun on a groundout with the potential tying run at the plate to end it . The Dodgers , who totaled only seven runs in Beckett 's first four starts , staked him to a 2 - 0 lead against rookie Hiram Burgos with Andre Ethier 's two - out RBI single in the first inning and Crawford 's leadoff homer in the third	True
The Dodgers , who totaled only seven runs in Beckett 's first four starts , staked him to a 2 - 0 lead against rookie Hiram Burgos with Andre Ethier 's two - out RBI single in the first inning and Crawford 's leadoff homer in the third . The Brewers got on the board in the fourth	True
The Dodgers , who totaled only seven runs in Beckett 's first four starts , staked him to a 2 - 0 lead against rookie Hiram Burgos with Andre Ethier 's two - out RBI single in the first inning and Crawford 's leadoff homer in the third . The Brewers got on the board in the fourth with Braun 's two - out homer . They took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
He allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , striking out seven and working around four walks . Matt Lindstrom worked a scoreless eighth	True
He allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings , striking out seven and working around four walks . Matt Lindstrom worked a scoreless eighth , then Addison Reed pitched the ninth	False
The White Sox also would n't mind seeing Dunn battle back . Dunn , in a 7 - for - 70 slide coming in , hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Dunn , in a 7 - for - 70 slide coming in , hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) for a 5 - 2 lead . The White Sox designated hitter went 1 for 4 , raising his average to .108 . Desmond Jennings walked leading off the game and scored on Evan Longoria 's single . Sale then walked two more in the second	True
Dunn , in a 7 - for - 70 slide coming in , hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) for a 5 - 2 lead . The White Sox designated hitter went 1 for 4 , raising his average to .108 . Desmond Jennings walked leading off the game and scored on Evan Longoria 's single . Sale then walked two more in the second , but only allowed Jose Lobaton 's solo home run in the fourth	True
Desmond Jennings walked leading off the game and scored on Evan Longoria 's single . Sale then walked two more in the second , but only allowed Jose Lobaton 's solo home run in the fourth on his way to another win in Chicago . Hellickson gave up five runs , five hits and four walks in six innings with eight strikeouts . Given the early lead , he allowed three runs in the first	True
Chicago had totaled 10 runs in its previous five games , losing four of them . Gillaspie was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Alexei Ramirez 's double into the left-field corner in the fourth	True
Lobaton was 2 for 2 with a walk . His home run was his first since Aug. 22 . Hellickson 's six - inning outing ended a three - game streak for Rays starters lasting at least eight innings . He said he felt comfortable during the second	True
Over his last two starts , Hellickson had allowed two runs in 14 innings . He more than matched that early , continuing a trend of first-inning struggles . Eight of the 15 runs Hellickson 's given up this season have been in the first	True
Said Johnson : `` His ball moves a heck of a lot , and it 's hard to sit on , but it 's a lot easier to sit on if you see a lot of pitches in every at-bat . '' The Nationals scored two runs in the bottom of the second	True
Said Johnson : `` His ball moves a heck of a lot , and it 's hard to sit on , but it 's a lot easier to sit on if you see a lot of pitches in every at-bat . '' The Nationals scored two runs in the bottom of the second against Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) . With one out , Ian Desmond singled . He scored on Espinosa 's double . Kurt Suzuki singled . Gonzalez moved Suzuki to second	False
The Nationals scored two runs in the bottom of the second against Bronson Arroyo ( 2 - 2 ) . With one out , Ian Desmond singled . He scored on Espinosa 's double . Kurt Suzuki singled . Gonzalez moved Suzuki to second with a bunt , and Espinosa scored on an infield single by Span . Washington took a 6 - 0 lead in the third	True
Washington took a 6 - 0 lead in the third . Bryce Harper led off with his eighth home run of the year , the most any National has hit in April . Harper also doubled . He has 11 multi-hit games in the 22 Washington has played . Following Harper 's home run , Jayson Werth singled . Adam LaRoche , who had struck out six consecutive times , reached on a two - base throwing error by Votto at first	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit a three - run homer for the last-place Blue Jays , who have dropped six of eight . Dickey yielded four runs in the second inning , and Toronto never got out of the hole . Dickey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs , six hits and five walks in six innings . The knuckleballer , who left his previous start with neck and back pain , did not appear to be in discomfort on the mound . But he sure looked uncomfortable during the four - run second	True
Dickey ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs , six hits and five walks in six innings . The knuckleballer , who left his previous start with neck and back pain , did not appear to be in discomfort on the mound . But he sure looked uncomfortable during the four - run second . Dickey was outdone by Gonzalez , who allowed five hits and three walks . The Orioles right-hander blanked Toronto on three hits through five innings before staggering through the sixth	True
Dickey was outdone by Gonzalez , who allowed five hits and three walks . The Orioles right-hander blanked Toronto on three hits through five innings before staggering through the sixth . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , after the Blue Jays put runners at the corners with two outs against Pedro Strop , Melky Cabrera looked at a third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch . Baltimore did all its scoring while batting around in the second	True
Baltimore did all its scoring while batting around in the second . Adam Jones led off with a single , Chris Davis singled and Matt Wieters punched an opposite-field RBI single to left . After Nolan Reimold added a sacrifice fly , the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs for Machado , who singled in two runs . Toronto put runners at first	False
Baltimore did all its scoring while batting around in the second . Adam Jones led off with a single , Chris Davis singled and Matt Wieters punched an opposite-field RBI single to left . After Nolan Reimold added a sacrifice fly , the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs for Machado , who singled in two runs . Toronto put runners at first and third	False
Baltimore did all its scoring while batting around in the second . Adam Jones led off with a single , Chris Davis singled and Matt Wieters punched an opposite-field RBI single to left . After Nolan Reimold added a sacrifice fly , the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs for Machado , who singled in two runs . Toronto put runners at first and third with one out in the third	True
Baltimore did all its scoring while batting around in the second . Adam Jones led off with a single , Chris Davis singled and Matt Wieters punched an opposite-field RBI single to left . After Nolan Reimold added a sacrifice fly , the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs for Machado , who singled in two runs . Toronto put runners at first and third with one out in the third before Munenori Kawasaki bounced into a double play . Baltimore also turned a double play in the fourth	True
Toronto put runners at first and third with one out in the third before Munenori Kawasaki bounced into a double play . Baltimore also turned a double play in the fourth . Gonzalez was cruising until the sixth	True
Ervin Santana ( 2 - 1 ) pitched seven strong innings in the opener , when Kansas City won 4 - 2 . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) got the win in the night game , a makeup of the one postponed on Friday night because of the city-wide lockdown during the hunt for the Boston Marathon bombers . Alex Gordon had three hits in the second game , including a single with one out in the 10th	True
Andrew Miller ( 0 - 1 ) walked Cain on four pitches to bring home Gordon , who scored his third run of the game . Herrera allowed one hit and one walk , striking out three in two innings . Boston led 4 - 3 before Butler tied it with his third homer of the year , clearing the Green Monster . The Red Sox put runners on first	False
Andrew Miller ( 0 - 1 ) walked Cain on four pitches to bring home Gordon , who scored his third run of the game . Herrera allowed one hit and one walk , striking out three in two innings . Boston led 4 - 3 before Butler tied it with his third homer of the year , clearing the Green Monster . The Red Sox put runners on first and second	False
Andrew Miller ( 0 - 1 ) walked Cain on four pitches to bring home Gordon , who scored his third run of the game . Herrera allowed one hit and one walk , striking out three in two innings . Boston led 4 - 3 before Butler tied it with his third homer of the year , clearing the Green Monster . The Red Sox put runners on first and second in the ninth	True
For his third straight start , Santana allowed runs in the opening inning then settled down , allowing two runs on six hits with no walks and seven strikeouts . Santana has given up four runs and nine hits in his first innings , and one run on 12 hits in his other 20 . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth	True
For his third straight start , Santana allowed runs in the opening inning then settled down , allowing two runs on six hits with no walks and seven strikeouts . Santana has given up four runs and nine hits in his first innings , and one run on 12 hits in his other 20 . The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Bruce Chen and Aaron Crow , but Jarrod Saltalamacchia grounded out to Crow . Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Bruce Chen and Aaron Crow , but Jarrod Saltalamacchia grounded out to Crow . Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five opportunities . The Royals scored three runs in the fourth	True
Jose Lobaton also drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single to back the pitching of Alex Cobb ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs and 10 hits over 7 1/3 innings . Brandon Moss and Jed Lowrie , who went 4 for 4 , had run-scoring singles off Cobb in the first	True
Brandon Moss and Jed Lowrie , who went 4 for 4 , had run-scoring singles off Cobb in the first for the A 's . Starting pitcher Brett Anderson ( 1 - 3 ) left with an ankle injury after Tampa Bay scored four times in the bottom half of the inning . Oakland 's Coco Crisp extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a first-inning double and added a solo homer off Cobb in the seventh	True
Oakland 's Coco Crisp extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a first-inning double and added a solo homer off Cobb in the seventh . The A 's loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth	True
Longoria homered for the fourth time in five games and has reached base safely in each of the Rays ' 16 games . Only two players in franchise history have had longer streaks to begin a season -- Rocco Baldelli ( 24 in 2003 ) and Jorge Cantu ( 20 in 2005 ) . The Tampa Bay star went deep in the fourth inning off Evan Scribner , who allowed an RBI single to Ryan Roberts in the third	True
Longoria homered for the fourth time in five games and has reached base safely in each of the Rays ' 16 games . Only two players in franchise history have had longer streaks to begin a season -- Rocco Baldelli ( 24 in 2003 ) and Jorge Cantu ( 20 in 2005 ) . The Tampa Bay star went deep in the fourth inning off Evan Scribner , who allowed an RBI single to Ryan Roberts in the third and Zobrist earlier in the fourth	True
The A 's said a sprained right ankle forced Anderson 's departure after allowing four runs , four hits and two walks during a 36-pitch first inning . Oakland , which had won three straight , scored twice in the first	True
The A 's said a sprained right ankle forced Anderson 's departure after allowing four runs , four hits and two walks during a 36-pitch first inning . Oakland , which had won three straight , scored twice in the first before a baserunning mistake cost them a chance for an even bigger inning . Moss was tagged out in a rundown between first	True
The A 's said a sprained right ankle forced Anderson 's departure after allowing four runs , four hits and two walks during a 36-pitch first inning . Oakland , which had won three straight , scored twice in the first before a baserunning mistake cost them a chance for an even bigger inning . Moss was tagged out in a rundown between first and second base on his RBI single , helping Cobb escape the jam and settle in after a shaky start . The A 's did n't have another man reach base until Lowrie singled leading off the fourth	True
Oakland , which had won three straight , scored twice in the first before a baserunning mistake cost them a chance for an even bigger inning . Moss was tagged out in a rundown between first and second base on his RBI single , helping Cobb escape the jam and settle in after a shaky start . The A 's did n't have another man reach base until Lowrie singled leading off the fourth . Lowrie , who 's batting .413 , ended Cobb 's night with a one - out double in the eighth	True
Nolan Reimold and Steve Pearce also homered for the Orioles , who have won 17 straight in extra innings , including 16 last season . It 's the longest such streak since the Pittsburgh Pirates won 21 in a row from June 1959 to July 1960 . Nick Markakis led off the 10th	True
Nolan Reimold and Steve Pearce also homered for the Orioles , who have won 17 straight in extra innings , including 16 last season . It 's the longest such streak since the Pittsburgh Pirates won 21 in a row from June 1959 to July 1960 . Nick Markakis led off the 10th with a single against Jamey Wright ( 0 - 1 ) . Brandon Gomes came in to face Machado , who reached on a bunt single that hugged the first base line . Adam Jones followed with a long single to the warning track that eluded right fielder Ben Zobrist , but Markakis held up initially and could only make it to third	False
Asked if he 'd ever finished a game with a grand slam , Wieters replied , `` I do n't think a grand slam . Anytime you get a walk-off and get to celebrate with your teammates , it 's a good day . '' Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th	True
Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th for the Orioles , who took two of three from their AL East rivals . Desmond Jennings and Evan Longoria homered for the Rays in the first inning , Jose Molina connected in the sixth	True
Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th for the Orioles , who took two of three from their AL East rivals . Desmond Jennings and Evan Longoria homered for the Rays in the first inning , Jose Molina connected in the sixth and James Loney went deep in the eighth	True
Jennings got the Rays started with his second leadoff homer of the series , a drive to left on a 1 - 2 pitch . Two outs later , Longoria hit his third home run in four games . A sacrifice fly by Jennings made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
In the bottom half , Chris Davis singled in a run and Reimold homered to tie the score . A throwing error by Hardy provided the Rays an unearned run and a 4 - 3 lead in the third	True
A throwing error by Hardy provided the Rays an unearned run and a 4 - 3 lead in the third . After Baltimore put runners on the corners with two outs in the fifth	True
Dickey said his back first felt sore during his start at Kansas City last Saturday , but was able to pitch another 1 1/3 innings against the Royals . Dickey retired the first 11 White Sox batters before Alex Rios hit a two - out single to center in the fourth	True
Dickey said his back first felt sore during his start at Kansas City last Saturday , but was able to pitch another 1 1/3 innings against the Royals . Dickey retired the first 11 White Sox batters before Alex Rios hit a two - out single to center in the fourth . Rios went to second	False
Dickey retired the first 11 White Sox batters before Alex Rios hit a two - out single to center in the fourth . Rios went to second on a wild pitch and Paul Konerko walked , but Adam Dunn struck out to end the inning . Gibbons and Blue Jays trainer George Poulis came to the mound after Dickey struck out Dewayne Wise for the second	True
Dickey retired the first 11 White Sox batters before Alex Rios hit a two - out single to center in the fourth . Rios went to second on a wild pitch and Paul Konerko walked , but Adam Dunn struck out to end the inning . Gibbons and Blue Jays trainer George Poulis came to the mound after Dickey struck out Dewayne Wise for the second out of the sixth	True
Esmil Rogers pitched 1 1/3 innings , Aaron Loup got two outs and Casey Janssen finished for his fifth save . Davis led off the first	True
Esmil Rogers pitched 1 1/3 innings , Aaron Loup got two outs and Casey Janssen finished for his fifth save . Davis led off the first with a single and stole second	False
Esmil Rogers pitched 1 1/3 innings , Aaron Loup got two outs and Casey Janssen finished for his fifth save . Davis led off the first with a single and stole second and third	False
Davis led off the first with a single and stole second and third on consecutive pitches before scoring on Edwin Encarnacion 's two - out hit to left . Toronto added two more runs in the fifth	True
Davis led off the first with a single and stole second and third on consecutive pitches before scoring on Edwin Encarnacion 's two - out hit to left . Toronto added two more runs in the fifth . Emilio Bonifacio was hit by a pitch and went to third	False
One out later , with the infield drawn in , Bonifacio scored when Dunn could n't handle a grounder by Munenori Kawasaki . Davis followed with an RBI double . The White Sox spoiled Toronto 's shutout bid in the eighth	True
Sale is 2 - 7 with a 5.83 ERA in his past nine road starts going back to last season . White Sox outfielder Dayan Viciedo left in the eighth	True
Pena came through twice in the 14th inning for the Tigers . It was his bases-loaded grounder that allowed Don Kelly to score the go-ahead run in the top of the inning and it was his defensive gem that finally sent everyone home after 4 hours , 27 minutes . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) , the seventh	True
How good were Scherzer and Hernandez ? Scherzer threw 105 pitches with 75 strikes ; Hernandez threw 106 with 76 strikes . Hernandez retired 12 of his first 13 batters , including six strikeouts . The only one to reach was Miguel Cabrera , who dumped a single in front of Franklin Gutierrez in right-center with two outs in the first	True
Hernandez retired 12 of his first 13 batters , including six strikeouts . The only one to reach was Miguel Cabrera , who dumped a single in front of Franklin Gutierrez in right-center with two outs in the first . The 12 strikeouts for Hernandez were the most since his perfect game against Tampa Bay last August when he also struck out 12 . It was Hernandez 's ninth career start with 12 or more strikeouts . He was replaced to start the ninth	True
The 12 strikeouts for Hernandez were the most since his perfect game against Tampa Bay last August when he also struck out 12 . It was Hernandez 's ninth career start with 12 or more strikeouts . He was replaced to start the ninth by closer Tom Wilhelmsen . Hernandez gave up four hits and did n't walk a batter . While Hernandez was rolling , Scherzer was just as good . He retired the first nine and did n't allow a runner until Gutierrez reached on an infield single leading off the fourth	True
The 12 strikeouts for Hernandez were the most since his perfect game against Tampa Bay last August when he also struck out 12 . It was Hernandez 's ninth career start with 12 or more strikeouts . He was replaced to start the ninth by closer Tom Wilhelmsen . Hernandez gave up four hits and did n't walk a batter . While Hernandez was rolling , Scherzer was just as good . He retired the first nine and did n't allow a runner until Gutierrez reached on an infield single leading off the fourth . Seattle finally got to Scherzer in the seventh	True
The game sent the Red Sox fans home happy -- at least for a while . With the scored tied at 2 , Napoli drove a line-drive double off the left-field wall in the ninth inning that scored Dustin Pedroia from first	False
With the scored tied at 2 , Napoli drove a line-drive double off the left-field wall in the ninth inning that scored Dustin Pedroia from first with the winning run . Jarrod Saltalamacchia , whose solo homer in the fifth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia , whose solo homer in the fifth had given Boston a 2 - 1 lead , had a good view from the on-deck circle . Napoli , who signed as a free agent in the offseason , has been batting fourth	False
Left fielder Matt Joyce had a tough time handling the bounce off the Green Monster . The Rays had two hits before finally showing some offensive punch in the ninth	True
Left fielder Matt Joyce had a tough time handling the bounce off the Green Monster . The Rays had two hits before finally showing some offensive punch in the ninth when Desmond Jennings led off with a single , stole second	False
The Rays had two hits before finally showing some offensive punch in the ninth when Desmond Jennings led off with a single , stole second and scored the tying run on a single by Ben Zobrist off Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) . Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) retired Boston 's first batter in the bottom of the ninth	False
The hot-hitting Gordon drove home Chris Getz with a single in the ninth inning , and the Royals beat the Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep . Santana pitched eight sharp innings , and Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 0 ) kept the Blue Jays off the board in the ninth	True
Santana pitched eight sharp innings , and Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 0 ) kept the Blue Jays off the board in the ninth . Toronto brought in Darren Oliver to face three straight left-handed hitters , even though left-handed bats have been 5 for 8 against the reliever this season . Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) retired Jarrod Dyson to start the ninth	True
Dyson atoned for his miscue with a leadoff triple in the third inning . After Gordon extended his hitting streak a check-swing single that went about 15 feet , Escobar hit a deep sacrifice fly to right field that knotted the game 1-all . Encarnacion , who 'd been 5 for 44 on the season , gave Toronto the lead back in the sixth	True
Encarnacion , who 'd been 5 for 44 on the season , gave Toronto the lead back in the sixth . He sent the first pitch of the inning skimming over the wall in left field for a homer . Kansas City matched him in the bottom half , though , when Billy Butler sent a blooper to right field , reached second	False
Toronto 's Brandon Morrow allowed just the two runs in six innings , at one point retiring eight straight batters . He struck out three and only issued an intentional watch . So did Santana , who put the leadoff runner aboard in the second	True
Toronto 's Brandon Morrow allowed just the two runs in six innings , at one point retiring eight straight batters . He struck out three and only issued an intentional watch . So did Santana , who put the leadoff runner aboard in the second and third innings but got some help from a pair of inning-ending double-plays . Santana also left two stranded in the fifth	True
So did Santana , who put the leadoff runner aboard in the second and third innings but got some help from a pair of inning-ending double-plays . Santana also left two stranded in the fifth , thanks to a nice play by Dyson of tracking down Emilio Bonifacio 's fly ball in center field . His greatest Houdini act may have come in the eighth	True
So did Santana , who put the leadoff runner aboard in the second and third innings but got some help from a pair of inning-ending double-plays . Santana also left two stranded in the fifth , thanks to a nice play by Dyson of tracking down Emilio Bonifacio 's fly ball in center field . His greatest Houdini act may have come in the eighth , when Santana walked Encarnacion to put runners on first	False
So did Santana , who put the leadoff runner aboard in the second and third innings but got some help from a pair of inning-ending double-plays . Santana also left two stranded in the fifth , thanks to a nice play by Dyson of tracking down Emilio Bonifacio 's fly ball in center field . His greatest Houdini act may have come in the eighth , when Santana walked Encarnacion to put runners on first and second	False
Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo homer in the 10th inning as the Brewers rallied past the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 Sunday and avoided a sweep . The Brewers had been shut out in 32 innings before Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer off reliever Trevor Rosenthal in the eighth	True
The Brewers had been shut out in 32 innings before Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer off reliever Trevor Rosenthal in the eighth that made it 3 - 2 . Milwaukee tied it with another run in the ninth	False
Braun 's second home run of the season snapped a 39-inning shutout streak for St. Louis pitchers . The Brewers had not scored since the second inning Tuesday against the Cubs and had lost three in a row . Milwaukee tied it in the ninth	True
Milwaukee tied it in the ninth on a leadoff single by Carlos Gomez and an RBI double by Yuniesky Betancourt off Mitchell Boggs . The Cardinals ' closer-for-now left without retiring a batter and blew his second save in five chances . After retiring Rickie Weeks on a fly to start the 10th	True
After retiring Rickie Weeks on a fly to start the 10th , Fernando Salas ( 0 - 2 ) gave up Lucroy 's first home run of the season . Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
After retiring Rickie Weeks on a fly to start the 10th , Fernando Salas ( 0 - 2 ) gave up Lucroy 's first home run of the season . Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth and got the first	False
After retiring Rickie Weeks on a fly to start the 10th , Fernando Salas ( 0 - 2 ) gave up Lucroy 's first home run of the season . Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth and got the first out in the 10th	True
Matt Holliday had an RBI single and Yadier Molina an RBI double for the other St. Louis runs . The Cardinals broke through for the game 's first two runs against Marco Estrada with four consecutive two - out hits in the third	True
The Cardinals broke through for the game 's first two runs against Marco Estrada with four consecutive two - out hits in the third , including an RBI single by Holliday and an RBI double to the gap by Molina . Allen Craig was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Molina 's hit . Adams made it five straight hits when he led off the fourth	True
Fielder homered for the second straight game , Torii Hunter hit his first clout since joining Detroit to help back Verlander and the Tigers snapped the Oakland Athletics ' nine - game winning streak with a 7 - 3 victory on Saturday . Jhonny Peralta followed Fielder 's leadoff shot in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta followed Fielder 's leadoff shot in the fourth with a three - run homer , and the Tigers did n't let the A 's back into this one a day after losing 4 - 3 in 12 innings . After hitting a three - run homer during a four - hit game Friday , Fielder extended his hitting streak to eight games with a two - out single in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta followed Fielder 's leadoff shot in the fourth with a three - run homer , and the Tigers did n't let the A 's back into this one a day after losing 4 - 3 in 12 innings . After hitting a three - run homer during a four - hit game Friday , Fielder extended his hitting streak to eight games with a two - out single in the first and connected for his fourth homer . He walked in the fifth	True
Jhonny Peralta followed Fielder 's leadoff shot in the fourth with a three - run homer , and the Tigers did n't let the A 's back into this one a day after losing 4 - 3 in 12 innings . After hitting a three - run homer during a four - hit game Friday , Fielder extended his hitting streak to eight games with a two - out single in the first and connected for his fourth homer . He walked in the fifth and seventh	True
This time , he shut down the AL 's hottest team . Even dropping to 9 - 3 , the A 's have tied the second-best mark in club history after 12 games . Oakland manager Bob Melvin was ejected by plate umpire Andy Fletcher in the bottom of the eighth	True
Oakland manager Bob Melvin was ejected by plate umpire Andy Fletcher in the bottom of the eighth for arguing after Brandon Moss was called out on strikes . The A 's loaded the bases that inning but pinch-hitter Jed Lowrie struck out looking against Joaquin Benoit . Verlander , who took a 7 - 0 loss his last time out against the Yankees , had to throw 31 pitches in the fourth	True
Oakland manager Bob Melvin was ejected by plate umpire Andy Fletcher in the bottom of the eighth for arguing after Brandon Moss was called out on strikes . The A 's loaded the bases that inning but pinch-hitter Jed Lowrie struck out looking against Joaquin Benoit . Verlander , who took a 7 - 0 loss his last time out against the Yankees , had to throw 31 pitches in the fourth , taking him to 79 -- and that inning kept him from pitching the seventh	True
Verlander , who took a 7 - 0 loss his last time out against the Yankees , had to throw 31 pitches in the fourth , taking him to 79 -- and that inning kept him from pitching the seventh . The right-hander struck out six and walked three in six innings , allowing one run and three hits . He gave way to Al Alburquerque after 111 pitches . Chris Young , playing center field in place of the injured Coco Crisp , hit a two - out , two - run double in the seventh	True
Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three home runs , matching a career high . He was tagged for seven runs , eight hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . Derek Norris hit a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Anderson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three home runs , matching a career high . He was tagged for seven runs , eight hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . Derek Norris hit a two - out RBI single in the second , and Hunter tied the game at 1 in the top of the third	True
The short-handed A 's were forced to shuffle their outfield because Crisp is nursing a strained left groin and left fielder Yoenis Cespedes was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a strained muscle in his left hand . Omar Infante singled in the fourth	True
After Dioner Navarro drew a four - pitch walk to load the bases , Alfredo Figaro relieved and Hairston lofted a high fly to Carlos Gomez in shallow center . Nate Schierholtz tagged up and just beat Gomez 's throw at the plate . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
After Dioner Navarro drew a four - pitch walk to load the bases , Alfredo Figaro relieved and Hairston lofted a high fly to Carlos Gomez in shallow center . Nate Schierholtz tagged up and just beat Gomez 's throw at the plate . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Kyuji Fujikawa worked a scoreless ninth	False
Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was in the dugout after spending part of the day at a hospital emergency room because of back pain . One day after being demoted as the Brewers ' closer , John Axford ( 0 - 2 ) allowed a leadoff double to Schierholtz in the eighth	True
Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was in the dugout after spending part of the day at a hospital emergency room because of back pain . One day after being demoted as the Brewers ' closer , John Axford ( 0 - 2 ) allowed a leadoff double to Schierholtz in the eighth . Schierholtz advanced to third	False
One day after being demoted as the Brewers ' closer , John Axford ( 0 - 2 ) allowed a leadoff double to Schierholtz in the eighth . Schierholtz advanced to third on Welington Castillo 's sacrifice bunt and Luis Valbuena was intentionally walked , setting up Hairston 's heroics . Axford , who got one out to end the seventh	True
Roenicke said his choices were limited with a taxed bullpen . The gametime temperature was 39 degrees and there was a steady wind . The Brewers took advantage of two Cubs errors to score three runs in the second	True
The gametime temperature was 39 degrees and there was a steady wind . The Brewers took advantage of two Cubs errors to score three runs in the second . Sveum was forced to go with Marmol in the eighth	True
Sveum was forced to go with Marmol in the eighth with Shawn Camp being limited because of a heavy workload . Marmol was met with plenty of boos on opening day because of his early struggles . Gomez led off with a single and scored from first	False
Sveum was forced to go with Marmol in the eighth with Shawn Camp being limited because of a heavy workload . Marmol was met with plenty of boos on opening day because of his early struggles . Gomez led off with a single and scored from first on Jean Segura 's double . Yuniesky Betancourt reached on an infield single and Castillo , the catcher , made a wild pickoff throw to second	False
Gomez led off with a single and scored from first on Jean Segura 's double . Yuniesky Betancourt reached on an infield single and Castillo , the catcher , made a wild pickoff throw to second . Shortstop Starlin Castro then made a low throw to the plate on a grounder , followed by a diving stop but off-target flip on an infield single . A throwing error by third baseman Alex Gonzalez helped the Cubs come back in the fifth	True
A throwing error by third baseman Alex Gonzalez helped the Cubs come back in the fifth , setting up Anthony Rizzo 's RBI grounder . Chicago scored twice in the seventh	True
Chris Carter homered twice for his first multihomer game . J. D. Martinez and Marwin Gonzalez also homered for Houston . The Astros entered the night with just two homers and 17 total runs all season . The 16 runs and 22 hits were the most since August 2010 when the Astros won at St. Louis 18 - 4 . Houston scored six off Maurer in the first	True
Chris Carter homered twice for his first multihomer game . J. D. Martinez and Marwin Gonzalez also homered for Houston . The Astros entered the night with just two homers and 17 total runs all season . The 16 runs and 22 hits were the most since August 2010 when the Astros won at St. Louis 18 - 4 . Houston scored six off Maurer in the first as the rookie lasted just two outs . The six - run first	True
The 16 runs and 22 hits were the most since August 2010 when the Astros won at St. Louis 18 - 4 . Houston scored six off Maurer in the first as the rookie lasted just two outs . The six - run first was the biggest inning for Houston since Sept. 10 , 2011 , against Washington . All of Houston 's starters had at least one hit except first baseman Brett Wallace who continued to struggle through a miserable start to the year , striking out four times and dropping his average to .048 . Altuve and Carter had four hits , and Gonzalez was on base four times . Carter and Martinez both homered in the second	True
The 16 runs and 22 hits were the most since August 2010 when the Astros won at St. Louis 18 - 4 . Houston scored six off Maurer in the first as the rookie lasted just two outs . The six - run first was the biggest inning for Houston since Sept. 10 , 2011 , against Washington . All of Houston 's starters had at least one hit except first baseman Brett Wallace who continued to struggle through a miserable start to the year , striking out four times and dropping his average to .048 . Altuve and Carter had four hits , and Gonzalez was on base four times . Carter and Martinez both homered in the second and Gonzalez went deep in the third -- all their first homers of the season . Altuve joined the trio with a two - run shot with two outs in the fourth	True
The 16 runs and 22 hits were the most since August 2010 when the Astros won at St. Louis 18 - 4 . Houston scored six off Maurer in the first as the rookie lasted just two outs . The six - run first was the biggest inning for Houston since Sept. 10 , 2011 , against Washington . All of Houston 's starters had at least one hit except first baseman Brett Wallace who continued to struggle through a miserable start to the year , striking out four times and dropping his average to .048 . Altuve and Carter had four hits , and Gonzalez was on base four times . Carter and Martinez both homered in the second and Gonzalez went deep in the third -- all their first homers of the season . Altuve joined the trio with a two - run shot with two outs in the fourth off Seattle 's Charlie Furbush . Carter capped the night with a homer in the top of the ninth	False
All of Houston 's starters had at least one hit except first baseman Brett Wallace who continued to struggle through a miserable start to the year , striking out four times and dropping his average to .048 . Altuve and Carter had four hits , and Gonzalez was on base four times . Carter and Martinez both homered in the second and Gonzalez went deep in the third -- all their first homers of the season . Altuve joined the trio with a two - run shot with two outs in the fourth off Seattle 's Charlie Furbush . Carter capped the night with a homer in the top of the ninth . Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) got the victory for Houston because starter Erik Bedard did n't make it past the fourth	True
Bedard was on a 65-pitch limit and missed qualifying for the victory against his former team in a game the Astros led 13 - 0 at the time he was replaced . Clemens made his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Monday . He worked four innings and gave up five runs and six hits . Jason Bay homered with two outs in the seventh	True
Bedard was on a 65-pitch limit and missed qualifying for the victory against his former team in a game the Astros led 13 - 0 at the time he was replaced . Clemens made his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Monday . He worked four innings and gave up five runs and six hits . Jason Bay homered with two outs in the seventh off Clemens , and Raul Ibanez and Michael Morse went back-to-back in the eighth	True
Estrada pitched seven effective innings and doubled home a run Monday , helping the Brewers stop a five - game slide with a 7 - 4 victory over Chicago in the first game of the season at the Cubs ' longtime home . Estrada allowed two runs and five hits while bouncing back from a lackluster season debut against Colorado . The right-hander also drove in Alex Gonzalez with a drive into the gap in right-center during Milwaukee 's two - run seventh	True
Welington Castillo belted a two - run homer for Chicago , which has dropped four in a row and five of six . Edwin Jackson was hit hard in his first home game since he signed a $ 52 million , four - year contract over the winter , surrendering five runs and eight hits in six innings . The Cubs rallied for two runs in the ninth	True
It was Braun 's first road game since his name surfaced in records from the now-defunct Biogenesis of America LLC clinic alleged to have provided banned substances to several players . After his name was connected to the clinic , he issued a statement in which he said he used the clinic 's operator , Anthony Bosch , as a consultant in appealing a positive drug test that was overturned last year . Braun was lustily booed by the crowd of 40,083 , but he is the best player on one of Chicago 's division rivals . And the fans hardly seemed to notice he was at the plate after they got done jeering struggling reliever Carlos Marmol when he came on to pitch the eighth	True
As soon as Jenkins and Williams left the field , the Brewers jumped all over Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) . With runners on first	False
As soon as Jenkins and Williams left the field , the Brewers jumped all over Jackson ( 0 - 2 ) . With runners on first and second	False
With runners on first and second and two down , Jonathan Lucroy and Gonzalez had consecutive walks to force home a run . Martin Maldonado then delivered a bases-clearing double into the right-field corner , lifting Milwaukee to a 4 - 0 lead . The Brewers added another run in the second	True
Santana allowed only four hits after the first inning , when the Twins scored their lone run . Twins right-hander Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) limited the Royals to five singles and no runs over the first seven innings before Lorenzo Cain doubled to right-center to open a three - run eighth	True
Santana allowed only four hits after the first inning , when the Twins scored their lone run . Twins right-hander Kevin Correia ( 0 - 1 ) limited the Royals to five singles and no runs over the first seven innings before Lorenzo Cain doubled to right-center to open a three - run eighth . After Chris Getz 's sacrifice bunt moved Cain to third	False
The Royals , who had the best spring training record in the majors , won their first home opener since 2008 when they beat the New York Yankees 5 - 2 . Aaron Crow worked the ninth	True
The Royals , who had the best spring training record in the majors , won their first home opener since 2008 when they beat the New York Yankees 5 - 2 . Aaron Crow worked the ninth to earn his first save of the season and the third	False
Crow walked Chris Parmelee with one out , but coaxed Brian Dozier to bounce into a game-ending double play . Joe Mauer scored on Ryan Doumit 's two - out single in the first	True
Crow walked Chris Parmelee with one out , but coaxed Brian Dozier to bounce into a game-ending double play . Joe Mauer scored on Ryan Doumit 's two - out single in the first for the only Minnesota run . It was the first time this season the Twins scored first	False
Joe Mauer scored on Ryan Doumit 's two - out single in the first for the only Minnesota run . It was the first time this season the Twins scored first after being outscored 9 - 1 in the first two innings during their first six games . The Twins bunched four singles in the first inning , but managed just the one run after Doumit ended the inning by being thrown out scrambling to get back to second base after Justin Morneau stopped at third	False
Buck retrieved the ball toward the first base side . Then it turned bizarre . Pierre slowed down a few steps after scoring , but still bumped into Buck as the catcher planted for a throw to second	False
Pierre agreed . The Mets broke away by scoring three times in the bottom of the seventh	True
The Mets broke away by scoring three times in the bottom of the seventh . Daniel Murphy hit an RBI triple , David Wright singled home a run and Buck had a sacrifice fly . Catcher Miguel Olivo contributed to Miami 's problems in the inning with two throwing errors on steals at second base . Buck has a team-high nine RBIs in his first year with the Mets . He had a sacrifice fly in the first	True
The Mets broke away by scoring three times in the bottom of the seventh . Daniel Murphy hit an RBI triple , David Wright singled home a run and Buck had a sacrifice fly . Catcher Miguel Olivo contributed to Miami 's problems in the inning with two throwing errors on steals at second base . Buck has a team-high nine RBIs in his first year with the Mets . He had a sacrifice fly in the first and hit a two - run double off Ricky Nolasco in the sixth	True
An All-Star in 2010 , Buck dipped to .192 last season with the Marlins . They traded him to Toronto in November , and the Blue Jays dealt him to the Mets in December as part of a package for NL Cy Young Award winner R. A. Dickey . Collin Cowgill , who hit a grand slam on Opening Day , had a solo homer in the Mets ' eighth	True
Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one scoreless inning . Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Shortstop Ruben Tejada 's fourth error of the season gave Miami a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Even with the strong-armed Hamilton in right fielding the ball . Tanner Scheppers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched an inning in relief of starter Derek Holland . Joe Nathan worked the ninth	True
Chris Iannetta homered and scored both runs for the Angels , who have lost three in a row since a season-opening victory at Cincinnati -- Hamilton 's other former major league team . Adrian Beltre homered in the seventh	True
Hamilton was the No . 1 overall pick by Tampa Bay in 1999 , but his career was derailed by alcohol and substance abuse in the minor leagues . He finally made his debut for the Reds in 2007 , then was traded after that season to Texas , where his career surged . Iannetta 's second homer of the season tied the game at 1 in the third	True
Iannetta 's second homer of the season tied the game at 1 in the third . Alberto Callaspo and Iannetta had consecutive singles to start the fifth	True
Iannetta 's second homer of the season tied the game at 1 in the third . Alberto Callaspo and Iannetta had consecutive singles to start the fifth . Callaspo was picked off second base by Holland , then thrown out trying to advance while Iannetta went to second	False
Cruz has had multiple hits in every game after getting two hits in each of the three games at Houston . Cruz had a leadoff double in the second	True
Cruz had a leadoff double in the second and scored when Pierzynski , the catcher playing his first home game for the Rangers , tripled into the right-field corner . The ball ricocheted off the wall past Hamilton , and Pierzynski slid into third base at the same time the tag was being applied . Pierzynski was stranded at third base when Kinsler had an inning-ending liner . After Pierzynski 's leadoff single in the sixth	True
Matt Joyce hit a towering homer to lead off the bottom of the ninth inning and the Rays twice came from behind before a wasting a late two - run lead in an 8 - 7 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night . Joyce began a rally from a 5 - 4 deficit with a pinch-hit bunt single in the seventh	True
Davis went 4 for 4 for the Orioles , hitting a three - run homer for the second straight day and driving in four runs . He also had an RBI single and two doubles . Much to the delight of Rays manager Joe Maddon , the left-handed hitting Joyce bunted up the third base line to beat Baltimore 's defensive shift in the seventh	True
Much to the delight of Rays manager Joe Maddon , the left-handed hitting Joyce bunted up the third base line to beat Baltimore 's defensive shift in the seventh . He won it leading off the ninth	True
He won it leading off the ninth by pulling a pitch from Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) over the right-field wall . Duncan 's first hit for his new team finished a four - run sixth	True
He won it leading off the ninth by pulling a pitch from Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) over the right-field wall . Duncan 's first hit for his new team finished a four - run sixth that wiped out an early 4 - 0 deficit . The Orioles regained a one - run lead in the seventh	True
Duncan 's first hit for his new team finished a four - run sixth that wiped out an early 4 - 0 deficit . The Orioles regained a one - run lead in the seventh , only to watch the Rays answer with three more runs to go ahead 7 - 5 . But Baltimore was n't finished , scoring on Matt Wieters ' RBI single in the eighth	True
But Baltimore was n't finished , scoring on Matt Wieters ' RBI single in the eighth and Roberts ' tying double . Pedro Strop , the second pitcher to follow Orioles starter Wei-Yin Chen , was unable to hold the 5 - 4 lead Baltimore took on Nate McLouth 's run-scoring single in the seventh	True
Pedro Strop , the second pitcher to follow Orioles starter Wei-Yin Chen , was unable to hold the 5 - 4 lead Baltimore took on Nate McLouth 's run-scoring single in the seventh . Joyce bunted for a single in the seventh	True
Desmond Jennings , Evan Longoria and Jose Lobaton led off the first three innings against the left-hander with singles , but each of them was erased by double plays . Down 4 - 0 , Tampa Bay broke through in the sixth	True
Seattle tagged Jarrod Parker ( 0 - 1 ) for four runs and five hits in five innings , working the count to raise his pitch total in a hurry . The right-hander , a 13-game winner last season as a rookie , walked three and struck out one . He led the A 's pitching staff with 63 free passes last season . Parker allowed consecutive singles to Michael Saunders and Seager to start the game but retired Morales on a popup and induced Morse 's inning-ending double play . The pitcher also worked through the second unscathed before allowing back-to-back walks to Saunders and Seager in the third	True
Parker allowed consecutive singles to Michael Saunders and Seager to start the game but retired Morales on a popup and induced Morse 's inning-ending double play . The pitcher also worked through the second unscathed before allowing back-to-back walks to Saunders and Seager in the third . Morales reached on a fielder 's choice , and Morse then sent a 2 - 2 pitch the other way to right . Josh Reddick slammed face-first into the fence trying to make a play . Justin Smoak drew a bases-loaded walk as Seattle added a run in the seventh	False
Parker allowed consecutive singles to Michael Saunders and Seager to start the game but retired Morales on a popup and induced Morse 's inning-ending double play . The pitcher also worked through the second unscathed before allowing back-to-back walks to Saunders and Seager in the third . Morales reached on a fielder 's choice , and Morse then sent a 2 - 2 pitch the other way to right . Josh Reddick slammed face-first into the fence trying to make a play . Justin Smoak drew a bases-loaded walk as Seattle added a run in the seventh against Ryan Cook , who had a pair of four - pitch walks and a five - pitch free pass to go with a hit batter in a rough seventh	True
Iwakuma got through a 1 - 2 - 2 first inning on 10 pitches and was unfazed after Cespedes connected . The pitcher , who posted a club rookie record 2.65 ERA in 16 starts last year , allowed two hits in six innings . He would have stayed in the game had the blister on the middle finger of his pitching hand not become `` a little tender . '' Next Friday night at Safeco Field , he will oppose pal Yu Darvish , who came oh-so-close to a perfect game for the Rangers at Houston on Tuesday . Iwakuma found out during his outing that Darvish 's bid had been broken up with two outs in the ninth	True
Raul Ibanez , whose late-game power during the playoffs last fall lifted the Yankees , earned a start in left field as he returns to the Mariners for the first time in five years since spending the 2004 - 08 seasons with Seattle . A 's reliever Pat Neshek received warm applause when he entered in the sixth	True
Vargas has three of the victories during the Angels ' recent surge . Ernesto Frieri pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Ted Lilly ( 0 - 2 ) was charged with three runs , five hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings and struck out three . Lilly was a strike away from getting out of the sixth	True
Nelson , making his first appearance in the Angels ' starting lineup as the designated hitter after getting claimed off waivers from the Yankees on May 17 , drove in Kendrick with a bouncing single off Belisario 's glove to snap a 2-all tie . Another infield hit by J. B. Shuck loaded the bases , but Belisario retired Erick Aybar on a groundout after getting a visit from pitching coach Rick Honeycutt . The Dodgers played without slumping center fielder Matt Kemp , who was placed on the 15-day disabled list one day after straining his right hamstring chasing down a double to right-center by Mike Trout . The Angels scratched right fielder Josh Hamilton was not in the starting lineup for the second time in three games because of back spasms . But he entered to play right field in the eighth	True
The Dodgers played without slumping center fielder Matt Kemp , who was placed on the 15-day disabled list one day after straining his right hamstring chasing down a double to right-center by Mike Trout . The Angels scratched right fielder Josh Hamilton was not in the starting lineup for the second time in three games because of back spasms . But he entered to play right field in the eighth with the Angels trying to protect their one - run lead . Alberto Callaspo put the Angels ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
The result was a four - hitter against the Atlanta Braves , who looked downright feeble in a 3 - 0 loss to the last-place Blue Jays on Wednesday night . Four pitchers combined on Toronto 's second shutout of the season , with Casey Janssen working a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
But the most important work was turned in by the three pitchers who came before the closer . Esmil Rogers lasted 3 1/3 innings in his first start since 2011 . He was followed to the mound by two pitchers called up from Triple-A Buffalo before the game : Juan Perez ( 1 - 0 ) , who went 2 2/3 hitless innings with four strikeouts for the win , and Neil Wagner , who got through the seventh	True
Atlanta starter Kris Medlen ( 1 - 6 ) failed to last even as long as Rogers . Medlen took a liner off the left leg in the second	True
Medlen took a liner off the left leg in the second and did n't return the next inning because of a contusion to his upper calf . He is expected to make his next start , though his leg was heavily wrapped after the game . Cabrera led off the game with a single and wound up scoring Toronto 's first run on a fielder 's choice grounder by J. P. Arencibia . With one out in the second	True
That might 've been a mistake . Munenori Kawasaki walked , Rogers bunted the runners over and Cabrera singled to left to drive in two more runs . Medlen finished the frame but was done for the night , having allowed four hits , a walk and all three Toronto runs in the shortest start of his career . Rogers had pitched 22 games in relief for the Blue Jays this season . He gave them as much as they could 've hoped for as a starter , surrendering three hits and two walks before Gibbons lifted the right-hander in the fourth	True
Upton had plenty of company in misery . Younger brother Justin fanned three times and the Braves finished with 11 strikeouts on the night , the 24th time in 52 games they 've reached double figures in that category . Appropriately , Brian McCann whiffed to end the game . The Blue Jays made a flurry of moves to deal with their injury-plagued pitching . The 34-year-old Perez wound up getting the win , just his second	False
The Blue Jays made a flurry of moves to deal with their injury-plagued pitching . The 34-year-old Perez wound up getting the win , just his second in the big leagues . The first came on July 8 , 2011 , with Philadelphia . After Medlen departed , four Atlanta relievers shut down Toronto the rest of the way . But it did n't matter on an otherwise grim night for the home team , which made two errors and squandered a sure double play when Andrelton Simmons dropped a line drive , though he was able to throw out the hitter at first	False
It was the sixth game the Rays have won this season after giving up six runs or more , matching last season 's total . The Rays finished with 16 hits . The Rays overcame an early 4 - 0 deficit and won their third	False
The Rays overcame an early 4 - 0 deficit and won their third in a row . Miami lost its seventh straight game . Kelly Johnson opened the ninth	True
The Rays overcame an early 4 - 0 deficit and won their third in a row . Miami lost its seventh straight game . Kelly Johnson opened the ninth with an infield single and took second	False
Kelly Johnson opened the ninth with an infield single and took second on Evan Longoria 's single off Mike Dunn ( 1 - 1 ) . With two outs Jennings , who was recently dropped from first	False
Kelly Johnson opened the ninth with an infield single and took second on Evan Longoria 's single off Mike Dunn ( 1 - 1 ) . With two outs Jennings , who was recently dropped from first to seventh	False
Luke Scott and Yunel Escobar also had three of Tampa Bay 's hits , and the Rays ' bottom four hitters hit 11 - for - 17 with five RBIs . Greg Dobbs ' two - out single off Joel Peralta gave the Marlins a 6 - 5 lead in the eighth	True
Chris Coghlan homered , tripled and drove in three runs for the Marlins . Miami scored five or more runs in a second straight game for the first time this season . Marcell Ozuna doubled in the Miami second	True
Marcell Ozuna doubled in the Miami second , extending his hitting streak to 13 games , and scored on Justin Ruggiano 's single . The Marlins made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
The Marlins made it 4 - 0 in the third against Jeremy Hellickson with the help of RBI triples by Derek Dietrich and Coghlan . Coghlan led off the sixth	True
Hellickson pitched 5 1/3 innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . Miami starter Kevin Slowey also pitched into the sixth	True
Miami starter Kevin Slowey also pitched into the sixth , leaving after a double by Scott . Jose Lobaton 's two - run double off Ryan Webb later in the inning tied it at 5 . Johnson doubled home a run in the third	True
Verlander ( 6 - 4 ) had n't pitched more than five innings in any of his previous three starts , struggling at times with his location . But he was sharp for the most part against Pittsburgh , allowing three runs and seven hits with two walks . Joaquin Benoit allowed two runs -- one earned -- in the eighth	True
Verlander ( 6 - 4 ) had n't pitched more than five innings in any of his previous three starts , struggling at times with his location . But he was sharp for the most part against Pittsburgh , allowing three runs and seven hits with two walks . Joaquin Benoit allowed two runs -- one earned -- in the eighth . Jose Valverde finished for his sixth save in seven chances , striking out a swinging Andrew McCutchen with a runner on first	False
Pittsburgh third baseman Brandon Inge , who played for the Tigers for over a decade , was a late addition to the starting lineup . Outfielder Starling Marte was removed shortly before the game because of migraine-like symptoms , and the ensuing shuffling of the lineup gave Inge his first chance to play at Comerica Park as a member of the visiting team . Inge fielded Omar Infante 's grounder with his bare hand and threw him out in the first inning , but he went 0 for 4 at the plate with three strikeouts . The Pirates had pulled within one in the eighth	True
Pittsburgh third baseman Brandon Inge , who played for the Tigers for over a decade , was a late addition to the starting lineup . Outfielder Starling Marte was removed shortly before the game because of migraine-like symptoms , and the ensuing shuffling of the lineup gave Inge his first chance to play at Comerica Park as a member of the visiting team . Inge fielded Omar Infante 's grounder with his bare hand and threw him out in the first inning , but he went 0 for 4 at the plate with three strikeouts . The Pirates had pulled within one in the eighth when Inge came to the plate , but pinch-runner Josh Harrison was picked off second	False
Inge fielded Omar Infante 's grounder with his bare hand and threw him out in the first inning , but he went 0 for 4 at the plate with three strikeouts . The Pirates had pulled within one in the eighth when Inge came to the plate , but pinch-runner Josh Harrison was picked off second , and Inge struck out looking against Benoit . Pittsburgh 's Neil Walker tripled in the first	True
Inge fielded Omar Infante 's grounder with his bare hand and threw him out in the first inning , but he went 0 for 4 at the plate with three strikeouts . The Pirates had pulled within one in the eighth when Inge came to the plate , but pinch-runner Josh Harrison was picked off second , and Inge struck out looking against Benoit . Pittsburgh 's Neil Walker tripled in the first and scored on a sacrifice fly by McCutchen . Liriano was cruising along until Prince Fielder , Victor Martinez and Peralta opened the Detroit fourth	True
He allowed three runs in the fifth Monday . Martinez came to the plate with two on and two out . His double down the line bounced weirdly off the short fence in foul territory , and both runners came in to score for a 3 - 1 lead . Martinez then scored on Peralta 's double . Travis Snider hit an RBI triple in the seventh	True
Travis Snider hit an RBI triple in the seventh and Walker followed with a double to make it 4 - 3 , but McCutchen struck out swinging on Verlander 's final pitch . The Tigers added two runs in the seventh	True
The Tigers added two runs in the seventh against Jose Contreras , who retired only one batter while allowing a hit and four walks . Benoit gave up a double to Garrett Jones to start the eighth	True
The Tigers added two runs in the seventh against Jose Contreras , who retired only one batter while allowing a hit and four walks . Benoit gave up a double to Garrett Jones to start the eighth , and Russell Martin 's hard grounder got past Fielder at first	False
Shaun Marcum struck out a career-high 12 and Lucas Duda homered for the Mets , who stopped Atlanta 's eight - game winning streak and avoided a three - game sweep . The Braves had won 15 of 18 against New York and five in a row at Citi Field . Pinch-hitter Justin Turner led off the eighth	True
Davis began the night batting .148 with nine RBIs . He finished 2 for 3 with a walk after entering in a 2 - for - 44 slide that included 19 strikeouts . It was his first hit in his last 27 at-bats with runners in scoring position . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) worked a scoreless inning and Bobby Parnell struck out two in the ninth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) worked a scoreless inning and Bobby Parnell struck out two in the ninth for his seventh save . It was a spirited and heartening win for the Mets heading into their Subway Series against the crosstown-rival New York Yankees beginning Monday night . Marcum went seven innings for his longest outing in six starts with the Mets . His only costly mistake came on Dan Uggla 's two - run homer in the seventh	True
Marcum went seven innings for his longest outing in six starts with the Mets . His only costly mistake came on Dan Uggla 's two - run homer in the seventh that put Atlanta ahead 2 - 1 . Duda hit a leadoff shot to right off Julio Teheran in the fourth	True
Duda hit a leadoff shot to right off Julio Teheran in the fourth , giving him nine home runs and 16 RBIs this season . It also extended his career-best hitting streak to 10 games . Marcum allowed a leadoff single in the first	True
Duda hit a leadoff shot to right off Julio Teheran in the fourth , giving him nine home runs and 16 RBIs this season . It also extended his career-best hitting streak to 10 games . Marcum allowed a leadoff single in the first to Andrelton Simmons , quickly erased on a hard-hit double play , and did n't permit another hit until the sixth	True
Duda hit a leadoff shot to right off Julio Teheran in the fourth , giving him nine home runs and 16 RBIs this season . It also extended his career-best hitting streak to 10 games . Marcum allowed a leadoff single in the first to Andrelton Simmons , quickly erased on a hard-hit double play , and did n't permit another hit until the sixth . The only baserunner the Braves managed during that stretch came when Uggla was hit by a pitch in the second	True
Marcum allowed a leadoff single in the first to Andrelton Simmons , quickly erased on a hard-hit double play , and did n't permit another hit until the sixth . The only baserunner the Braves managed during that stretch came when Uggla was hit by a pitch in the second . After that , Marcum retired 13 straight batters before Simmons reached down and floated a flare over shortstop with two outs in the sixth	True
After that , Marcum retired 13 straight batters before Simmons reached down and floated a flare over shortstop with two outs in the sixth . Hustling all the way out of the box , Simmons legged it out for a double . He was stranded when Jason Heyward took a called third strike . Relying on an effective slider and changeup to go with his 85 mph fastball , Marcum cooled off the Atlanta bats with finesse . He struck out slumping B. J. Upton looking to end the seventh	True
The Cincinnati right-hander had a four - run lead when threw a pitch over the head of David DeJesus with one out in the sixth inning Sunday , drawing a warning from plate umpire Bob Davidson . Chicago rebounded as Alfonso Soriano hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth inning and Welington Castillo had a go-ahead double in the 10th	True
Cincinnati , which had won five straight and 16 of 20 , plays the Cubs next in a four - game series at Wrigley Field starting June 10 . Soriano singled in the seventh	True
Anthony Rizzo hit an RBI double against Logan Ondrusek in the eighth -- his third double in two games -- and Soriano followed with his fifth homer of the season and first since May 13 , a 394-foot drive to left-center . J. J. Hoover ( 0 - 4 ) walked Scott Hairston with two outs in the 10th	True
Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings , stopping the Reds ' five - game winning streak . Garza , making his second start of the season after coming off the disabled list , allowed four hits and four walks , threw a wild pitch and hit a batter . Cincinnati scored all of its runs in the fourth	True
Garza , making his second start of the season after coming off the disabled list , allowed four hits and four walks , threw a wild pitch and hit a batter . Cincinnati scored all of its runs in the fourth . Jay Bruce hit a solo homer , his seventh	False
Garza , making his second start of the season after coming off the disabled list , allowed four hits and four walks , threw a wild pitch and hit a batter . Cincinnati scored all of its runs in the fourth . Jay Bruce hit a solo homer , his seventh of the season and sixth	False
Zack Cozart added a two - run double . The Reds drew 41,321 and sold out a series for the first time since July 30-Aug. 1 , 2010 , against Atlanta .. .. The comeback win was Chicago 's seventh	False
Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) , who has pitched better than his record indicates , struck out a season-high nine and walked one in eight innings . Philadelphia scored its only run in the eighth	True
Philadelphia scored its only run in the eighth on Strasburg 's first big league balk . He 's allowed three earned runs in his last four starts , lowering his ERA to 2.49 in a season when his offensive support has been so lacking that the Nationals manager vowed to put away his razor until it improves . Washington set a season high for runs in an inning in the seventh	True
Washington set a season high for runs in an inning in the seventh , breaking open a scoreless game by putting up five against Hamels ( 1 - 8 ) with the help of an infield hit and a couple of errors . The key moment was a broken-bat dribbler to third	False
The key moment was a broken-bat dribbler to third by Jhonatan Solano with the bases loaded . Michael Young charged the ball but made a low throw to home , and the ball scooted away as two runners scored . Steve Lombardozzi followed with a two - run double that chased Hamels . Washington might have to play without Harper for a while after he banged his left knee three times , twice with headfirst slides in the first inning . He slid into second	True
The key moment was a broken-bat dribbler to third by Jhonatan Solano with the bases loaded . Michael Young charged the ball but made a low throw to home , and the ball scooted away as two runners scored . Steve Lombardozzi followed with a two - run double that chased Hamels . Washington might have to play without Harper for a while after he banged his left knee three times , twice with headfirst slides in the first inning . He slid into second on an infield hit-and-error , then hit the dirt again with a steal of third	False
The key moment was a broken-bat dribbler to third by Jhonatan Solano with the bases loaded . Michael Young charged the ball but made a low throw to home , and the ball scooted away as two runners scored . Steve Lombardozzi followed with a two - run double that chased Hamels . Washington might have to play without Harper for a while after he banged his left knee three times , twice with headfirst slides in the first inning . He slid into second on an infield hit-and-error , then hit the dirt again with a steal of third . He was removed for pinch runner in the seventh	True
Cabrera matched his career high with four RBIs , two coming on his second home run in two nights , and the Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4 . Cabrera fell a triple shy of the cycle , with a single in the first	True
Cabrera matched his career high with four RBIs , two coming on his second home run in two nights , and the Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4 . Cabrera fell a triple shy of the cycle , with a single in the first and a two - run double to cap the Padres ' five - run fourth	True
Miley would n't blame getting hit by the liner for his fourth-inning problems . After Arizona scored twice in the third	True
After Arizona scored twice in the third to go up 4 - 2 , Miley gave up a leadoff single to Carlos Quentin . Gyrko 's one bouncer caught Miley as he turned around . The pitcher was able to regroup and throw Gyorko out . After a visit from the trainer , Miley threw a couple of practice pitches off the mound and said he was all right to stay in the game . Kyle Blanks flew out to center field for the second	True
Kyle Blanks flew out to center field for the second out . But Miley gave up four straight hits -- including Cashner 's RBI single . Chris Denorfia 's run-scoring double put San Diego up 5 - 4 and ended Miley 's night . Left-hander Tony Sipp came on and Cabrera doubled in two more . San Diego got two more off Josh Collmenter in the fifth	True
San Diego got two more off Josh Collmenter in the fifth , one of them unearned when Gerardo Parra bobbled the ball in center , allowing a second run to score on Nick Hundley 's RBI single . Arizona scored two in the first	True
San Diego got two more off Josh Collmenter in the fifth , one of them unearned when Gerardo Parra bobbled the ball in center , allowing a second run to score on Nick Hundley 's RBI single . Arizona scored two in the first when Parra led off with the first	False
Arizona scored two in the first when Parra led off with the first of his three singles , then with two outs and a 3 - 2 count , Chavez sent one into the right field seats for his sixth home run of the year . San Diego tied it in the third	True
Arizona scored two in the first when Parra led off with the first of his three singles , then with two outs and a 3 - 2 count , Chavez sent one into the right field seats for his sixth home run of the year . San Diego tied it in the third . Hundley drew a leadoff walk , then with two outs and on a 3 - 2 pitch , Cabrera homered to left , his second	False
San Diego tied it in the third . Hundley drew a leadoff walk , then with two outs and on a 3 - 2 pitch , Cabrera homered to left , his second in three at-bats . Cabrera , who has four of his nine career home runs this season , got one Friday night in the eighth inning off David Hernandez in San Diego 's 5 - 2 series-opening loss . The Diamondbacks took a 4 - 2 lead with two in the third	True
The Diamondbacks took a 4 - 2 lead with two in the third . Four singles , one of them on Paul Goldschmidt 's slow-rolling RBI single through the right side of the infield . With the bases loaded in the ninth	True
Gillaspie hit a run-scoring single in the ninth inning , lifting the White Sox to a 2 - 1 win over the Marlins on Saturday night . Peavy ( 6 - 2 ) struck out five and allowed six hits in a complete game , but Derek Dietrich homered with one out in the ninth	True
Through eight innings , Peavy was making it look easy . Facing a Miami team that entered play hitting .221 , Peavy was n't hassled much . In the second	True
Other than that , there was n't much from the Miami offense until Dietrich 's homer . Alexei Ramirez gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead with an RBI double in the third	True
Other than that , there was n't much from the Miami offense until Dietrich 's homer . Alexei Ramirez gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead with an RBI double in the third . Pierre mishandled the ball in the left field corner -- but was n't charged with an error -- allowing Alejandro De Aza to score from first	False
Alexei Ramirez gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead with an RBI double in the third . Pierre mishandled the ball in the left field corner -- but was n't charged with an error -- allowing Alejandro De Aza to score from first . Thanks to Peavy , however , that lone run was all the White Sox needed until the ninth	True
It was n't good enough for the win , however . Wise , who entered as a defensive replacement for Dayan Viciedo in the top of the ninth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Tommy Milone threw more than 50 pitches before recording the first	False
Milone ( 4 - 5 ) was n't crisp and pitched with runners on base in all but one of his six innings but kept the damage to a minimum . The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the second	True
The Royals loaded the bases with no outs in the second but Milone got out of it without allowing a run . Elliot Johnson fouled out to first baseman Brandon Moss near the Kansas City dugout before Milone struck out Lorenzo Cain and Alcides Escobar . Milone worked out of trouble again in the third	True
Milone worked out of trouble again in the third when he gave up a leadoff double to Salvador Perez before retiring the next three batters . Milone walked three and had four strikeouts but overcame his uneven performance to win for the first time since April 15 . Ryan Cook and Sean Doolittle each pitched a scoreless inning of relief , and Grant Balfour worked the ninth	True
Santana ( 3 - 3 ) pitched much more effectively than Milone but was denied in his third attempt at earning his 100th career victory . He allowed only three baserunners through the first five innings and gave up just four hits total but got little support . The A 's have scored just eight runs over Milone 's last six starts and were getting shut out before scoring twice in the sixth	True
The A 's have scored just eight runs over Milone 's last six starts and were getting shut out before scoring twice in the sixth . Moss hit a tiebreaking triple in the sixth	True
Oakland did n't get much else but did n't need it . The Royals failed to score after loading the bases against Milone with no outs in the second	True
Oakland did n't get much else but did n't need it . The Royals failed to score after loading the bases against Milone with no outs in the second . They also stranded a runner at third	False
Oakland did n't get much else but did n't need it . The Royals failed to score after loading the bases against Milone with no outs in the second . They also stranded a runner at third with one out in the fourth	True
The Royals failed to score after loading the bases against Milone with no outs in the second . They also stranded a runner at third with one out in the fourth . Kansas City had the tying run on base in the ninth	True
Kansas City had the tying run on base in the ninth after Eric Hosmer drew a leadoff walk but Balfour retired the next three batters on flyouts . Alex Gordon doubled with two outs in the first	True
No such luck . Not here at Coors Field , where big leads can shrink oh so rapidly . Pacheco gave the team a seemingly safe cushion in the fifth	True
The Giants , who rallied from an early six - run deficit the night before , were on the comeback trail again Friday . Down five , they made things interesting by scoring three times in the seventh	True
Down five , they made things interesting by scoring three times in the seventh . It could 've been more , but Dexter Fowler made a diving catch in center to end the inning . After Buster Posey made it a 10 - 9 game in the eighth	True
After Buster Posey made it a 10 - 9 game in the eighth with a two - out homer off Matt Belisle , Hunter Pence followed with a double . But Belisle got Brett Pill to ground out and strand Pence . In the ninth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) entered the game without giving up a run at Coors Field in 12 innings . He was hit hard , surrendering five runs in five innings , only to settle down enough to earn the win . Gonzalez , Troy Tulowitzki and Wilin Rosario -- the heart of the Rockies ' batting order -- finished with a combined six hits , four RBIs and five runs scored . Gonzalez added an insurance run with his homer in the sixth	True
Bumgarner turned in his first clunker against the Rockies in quite a while . He had won six of his last seven starts before struggling on Friday . The lefty allowed a season-high nine runs -- seven earned -- in just 4 2/3 innings . His ERA climbed nearly a full run to 3.09 . Trying to preserve a one - run lead in the fifth	True
Trying to preserve a one - run lead in the fifth , Bumgarner gave up a game-tying single to Rosario . A walk to D. J. LeMahieu loaded the bases for Pacheco , who sent the first pitch from Bumgarner over the fence . Pacheco also had an RBI on a grounder in the second	True
Pacheco also had an RBI on a grounder in the second . The Giants had a frightful night in the field , committing a season-high four errors . Two of those miscues came in the third	True
And that 's precisely what he did . Cain ( 3 - 2 ) struggled early , giving up homers on consecutive pitches to Todd Helton and Nolan Arenado in the second	True
Cain ( 3 - 2 ) struggled early , giving up homers on consecutive pitches to Todd Helton and Nolan Arenado in the second , along with a three - run homer to Wilin Rosario an inning later . After that , Cain found his rhythm before being pulled with an out in the seventh	True
Trailing by six , the Giants climbed back into the game with a five - run fourth inning . Brandon Belt brought in a run with a walk , with Crawford later adding a bases-clearing double . Cain also got into the scoring act , driving in Crawford with a single . It was Cain 's second RBI of the season . Gregor Blanco tied the game in the sixth	True
The bottom of the Giants ' lineup certainly came through , driving in six runs . Cain wrestled with his command early . He gave up three runs each in the second	True
On the next offering from Cain , Arenado lined a 91 mph fastball into the seats in left-center . Rosario had the big blow in the third	True
Masterson had little trouble with a New York lineup lacking injured stars Derek Jeter , Alex Rodriguez , Curtis Granderson and Mark Teixeira . He retired the side in order four times , struck out nine and was backed by solid and sometimes stellar defense . Shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera took a hit away from Ichiro Suzuki in the first	True
Masterson had little trouble with a New York lineup lacking injured stars Derek Jeter , Alex Rodriguez , Curtis Granderson and Mark Teixeira . He retired the side in order four times , struck out nine and was backed by solid and sometimes stellar defense . Shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera took a hit away from Ichiro Suzuki in the first with a barehanded throw , and he prevented a run from scoring in the second	True
Masterson had little trouble with a New York lineup lacking injured stars Derek Jeter , Alex Rodriguez , Curtis Granderson and Mark Teixeira . He retired the side in order four times , struck out nine and was backed by solid and sometimes stellar defense . Shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera took a hit away from Ichiro Suzuki in the first with a barehanded throw , and he prevented a run from scoring in the second with a diving stop behind second	False
Stewart 's grounder . Francona got Indians closer Chris Perez up in the ninth	True
for one day from a trip to Detroit and Philadelphia . The Yankees would have preferred a visit to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame than an afternoon against Masterson , who allowed two infield singles in the second	True
for one day from a trip to Detroit and Philadelphia . The Yankees would have preferred a visit to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame than an afternoon against Masterson , who allowed two infield singles in the second and a bunt in the sixth	True
The Yankees would have preferred a visit to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame than an afternoon against Masterson , who allowed two infield singles in the second and a bunt in the sixth before Boesch finally grounded a ball into the outfield in the ninth	True
Masterson has won four of his past five decisions against New York . New York 's best scoring threat came in the second	False
We 're all in it together . '' Kipnis put the Indians ahead in the first	True
All five of Kipnis ' homers have come in the first inning . Other than that , Phelps settled in and held the Indians to four hits . He was replaced in the eighth	True
Perez got Cabrera to hit a game-ending groundout with two on in the ninth inning , and Cleveland held on for a 7 - 6 win over the Tigers on Saturday night . Ubaldo Jimenez outpitched Justin Verlander , but Detroit 's late rally forced the Indians to sweat out a tense finish . Perez came on to pitch the ninth	True
Perez got Cabrera to hit a game-ending groundout with two on in the ninth inning , and Cleveland held on for a 7 - 6 win over the Tigers on Saturday night . Ubaldo Jimenez outpitched Justin Verlander , but Detroit 's late rally forced the Indians to sweat out a tense finish . Perez came on to pitch the ninth with Cleveland ahead 7 - 5 . He was in a jam after a one - out error by first baseman Nick Swisher and a single by Omar Infante , but second baseman Jason Kipnis made a sparkling play behind second	False
Perez came on to pitch the ninth with Cleveland ahead 7 - 5 . He was in a jam after a one - out error by first baseman Nick Swisher and a single by Omar Infante , but second baseman Jason Kipnis made a sparkling play behind second , fielding Austin Jackson 's grounder up the middle and flipping behind his back to shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera for a force . That was out No . 26 . The Indians still needed one more , and Torii Hunter 's RBI single gave Miguel Cabrera another trip to the plate with men on first	False
Perez came on to pitch the ninth with Cleveland ahead 7 - 5 . He was in a jam after a one - out error by first baseman Nick Swisher and a single by Omar Infante , but second baseman Jason Kipnis made a sparkling play behind second , fielding Austin Jackson 's grounder up the middle and flipping behind his back to shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera for a force . That was out No . 26 . The Indians still needed one more , and Torii Hunter 's RBI single gave Miguel Cabrera another trip to the plate with men on first and second	False
That was out No . 26 . The Indians still needed one more , and Torii Hunter 's RBI single gave Miguel Cabrera another trip to the plate with men on first and second . The count ran from 0 - 2 to 3 - 2 , but Cabrera -- who entered the day leading the majors in batting average and RBIs -- hit a slow grounder to third	False
It was Perez 's sixth save . Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) was erratic early , allowing three runs in the first two innings . He settled down a bit after that , but the Indians took a 6 - 1 lead before Detroit closed the gap with a four - run seventh	True
Jhonny Peralta hit a solo homer for Detroit . Swisher opened the scoring with an RBI double in the first	True
Swisher opened the scoring with an RBI double in the first , and Jason Giambi drew a bases-loaded walk to make it 2 - 0 . That was Verlander 's third walk of the first inning . The Detroit ace got the first two outs of the second	True
The Detroit ace got the first two outs of the second but allowed another run when Kipnis hit a single and Asdrubal Cabrera followed with a double . Verlander allowed six hits and five walks in five innings , striking out seven and leaving after 110 pitches . After Peralta 's homer got the Tigers on the board in the third	True
The Detroit ace got the first two outs of the second but allowed another run when Kipnis hit a single and Asdrubal Cabrera followed with a double . Verlander allowed six hits and five walks in five innings , striking out seven and leaving after 110 pitches . After Peralta 's homer got the Tigers on the board in the third , Cleveland added an unearned run off Verlander in the fifth	True
Verlander allowed six hits and five walks in five innings , striking out seven and leaving after 110 pitches . After Peralta 's homer got the Tigers on the board in the third , Cleveland added an unearned run off Verlander in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . Swisher walked to lead off that inning , and Carlos Santana hit what looked like a double play grounder to first baseman Prince Fielder , who stepped on first	False
Verlander allowed six hits and five walks in five innings , striking out seven and leaving after 110 pitches . After Peralta 's homer got the Tigers on the board in the third , Cleveland added an unearned run off Verlander in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . Swisher walked to lead off that inning , and Carlos Santana hit what looked like a double play grounder to first baseman Prince Fielder , who stepped on first and threw to second	False
Verlander allowed six hits and five walks in five innings , striking out seven and leaving after 110 pitches . After Peralta 's homer got the Tigers on the board in the third , Cleveland added an unearned run off Verlander in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . Swisher walked to lead off that inning , and Carlos Santana hit what looked like a double play grounder to first baseman Prince Fielder , who stepped on first and threw to second to trap Swisher between bases . Miguel Cabrera , the third baseman , was involved in the rundown because a defensive shift had him playing close to second	False
Swisher walked to lead off that inning , and Carlos Santana hit what looked like a double play grounder to first baseman Prince Fielder , who stepped on first and threw to second to trap Swisher between bases . Miguel Cabrera , the third baseman , was involved in the rundown because a defensive shift had him playing close to second , and he threw the ball away for an error . Swisher eventually scored on a two - out single by Mark Reynolds . Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI single in the sixth made it 5 - 1 , and pinch-hitter Mike Aviles added a run-scoring single of his own in the seventh	True
Swisher walked to lead off that inning , and Carlos Santana hit what looked like a double play grounder to first baseman Prince Fielder , who stepped on first and threw to second to trap Swisher between bases . Miguel Cabrera , the third baseman , was involved in the rundown because a defensive shift had him playing close to second , and he threw the ball away for an error . Swisher eventually scored on a two - out single by Mark Reynolds . Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI single in the sixth made it 5 - 1 , and pinch-hitter Mike Aviles added a run-scoring single of his own in the seventh , but the Cleveland bullpen almost gave up the lead . Jimenez left after 93 pitches , and Nick Hagadone allowed a double and two walks to start the Detroit seventh	True
Scioscia lodged an official protest that he said became moot when the Angels rallied to win . Trumbo tied it at 5 with a bases-loaded double down the right-field line with nobody out in the eighth	True
Trumbo tied it at 5 with a bases-loaded double down the right-field line with nobody out in the eighth , chasing Ambriz . He was replaced by Travis Blackley , who intentionally walked Howie Kendrick with one out before Callaspo 's sacrifice fly . Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win and Ernesto Frieri got five outs for his fifth save . Houston had runners at second	False
Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win and Ernesto Frieri got five outs for his fifth save . Houston had runners at second and third	False
Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win and Ernesto Frieri got five outs for his fifth save . Houston had runners at second and third with one out in the eighth	True
Houston had runners at second and third with one out in the eighth , but the Astros came up empty after Matt Dominguez struck out and pinch hitter Carlos Pena grounded out . Dominguez put Houston on top 5 - 3 in the sixth	True
Houston starter Lucas Harrell yielded four hits and two runs , but walked six in five innings . Paul Clemens replaced Harrell to start the sixth	True
David Ortiz went 0 - for - 5 with two strikeouts and three groundouts to snap his 27-game hitting streak , dating to last season . Ortiz had hit safely in his first 15 games this season , giving him Boston 's longest streak since Manny Ramirez also hit in 27 straight in 2006 . Jonny Gomes hit his fourth career grand slam -- first	False
Jonny Gomes hit his fourth career grand slam -- first with the Red Sox -- and drove in five runs . Shane Victorino added a solo homer for Boston , which lost for the fifth time in six games . In the first two innings , the teams combined for 17 runs and 10 extra-base hits , chasing both starting pitchers as the Twins held an 11 - 6 edge after posting their big second	True
Hernandez said a 38-year old cousin died two days ago and the funeral was Wednesday . Trailing 5 - 4 in the second	True
That was all the offense the Twins needed . Victorino 's homer into the left-field seats cut it to 11 - 6 in the bottom of the second	True
Victorino 's homer into the left-field seats cut it to 11 - 6 in the bottom of the second . Minnesota added a run in the fourth	True
Minnesota added a run in the fourth on Florimon 's double-play grounder . Plouffe delivered a run-scoring single and Arcia collected his fourth hit of the game in the fifth -- an RBI double -- to make it 14 - 6 . The Twins had grabbed a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Haren ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four hits and one run with one walk and four strikeouts . Rafael Soriano earned his ninth save in 10 chances by pitching the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano earned his ninth save in 10 chances by pitching the ninth . He retired Justin Upton and Freddie Freeman on groundouts before Evan Gattis singled and Dan Uggla popped up . Washington got off to a good start in the first	True
Rafael Soriano earned his ninth save in 10 chances by pitching the ninth . He retired Justin Upton and Freddie Freeman on groundouts before Evan Gattis singled and Dan Uggla popped up . Washington got off to a good start in the first against Kris Medlen , breaking its 15-game streak without a first-inning run when Span led off with a double , advanced to third	False
Washington got off to a good start in the first against Kris Medlen , breaking its 15-game streak without a first-inning run when Span led off with a double , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Steve Lombardozzi 's RBI single . Adam LaRoche doubled and rookie Anthony Rendon singled to start the second	True
Haren shook off his 7.31 career ERA in three career starts at Turner Field to pitch well in consecutive outings for the first time since signing as a free agent with the Nationals last winter . His results were n't much different from Wednesday , when Jordan Zimmerman pitched eight scoreless innings against Atlanta . Haren had the Braves guessing all night until Uggla 's fifth homer cut the lead to 3 - 1 with two out in the seventh	True
His results were n't much different from Wednesday , when Jordan Zimmerman pitched eight scoreless innings against Atlanta . Haren had the Braves guessing all night until Uggla 's fifth homer cut the lead to 3 - 1 with two out in the seventh . Needing just 13 pitches to get through the first two innings , Haren did n't allow a hit until Freeman 's two - out single in the fourth	True
His results were n't much different from Wednesday , when Jordan Zimmerman pitched eight scoreless innings against Atlanta . Haren had the Braves guessing all night until Uggla 's fifth homer cut the lead to 3 - 1 with two out in the seventh . Needing just 13 pitches to get through the first two innings , Haren did n't allow a hit until Freeman 's two - out single in the fourth . Haren made just 69 pitches through the seventh	True
Of Atlanta 's three runners in scoring position the last two games , two of them -- Medlen and Paul Maholm -- were pitchers . Span went 3 for 4 with a walk . He snapped an 0 - for - 41 skid that the Nationals had this season against the Atlanta bullpen when he singled off Jordan Walden in the ninth	True
DETROIT -- Aaron Hicks hit a line drive to the right-field corner and immediately took off around the bases , reaching third	False
That 's what the Twins were envisioning when they put the rookie in the lineup this year , and after a rough first month in the major leagues , Hicks began May in encouraging fashion . Hicks ' triple started a two - run rally in the seventh	True
Hicks ' triple started a two - run rally in the seventh , and the Twins went on to beat Detroit 6 - 2 on Wednesday , snapping the Tigers ' five - game winning streak . Minnesota led 3 - 2 when Hicks tripled and scored . The former first-round draft pick was 8 for 73 before connecting with Bruce Rondon 's 101-mph fastball for an important hit . Scott Diamond pitched six solid innings for Minnesota , and the Twins got to Anibal Sanchez early . Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) was coming off a 17-strikeout performance against Atlanta , and he fanned five in the first two innings against the Twins -- but Minnesota scored two runs in the first	True
Hicks ' triple started a two - run rally in the seventh , and the Twins went on to beat Detroit 6 - 2 on Wednesday , snapping the Tigers ' five - game winning streak . Minnesota led 3 - 2 when Hicks tripled and scored . The former first-round draft pick was 8 for 73 before connecting with Bruce Rondon 's 101-mph fastball for an important hit . Scott Diamond pitched six solid innings for Minnesota , and the Twins got to Anibal Sanchez early . Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) was coming off a 17-strikeout performance against Atlanta , and he fanned five in the first two innings against the Twins -- but Minnesota scored two runs in the first and another in the second	True
Scott Diamond pitched six solid innings for Minnesota , and the Twins got to Anibal Sanchez early . Sanchez ( 3 - 2 ) was coming off a 17-strikeout performance against Atlanta , and he fanned five in the first two innings against the Twins -- but Minnesota scored two runs in the first and another in the second . Diamond ( 2 - 2 ) did n't allow a hit until Jhonny Peralta 's single in the fifth	True
Diamond ( 2 - 2 ) did n't allow a hit until Jhonny Peralta 's single in the fifth . The Tigers fought back after trailing 3 - 0 , but Rondon allowed two more runs in the seventh	True
Diamond ( 2 - 2 ) did n't allow a hit until Jhonny Peralta 's single in the fifth . The Tigers fought back after trailing 3 - 0 , but Rondon allowed two more runs in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Chris Parmelee hit a solo homer in the eighth	False
Diamond allowed two runs and four hits and was pulled after 88 pitches . Closer Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
Closer Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for Minnesota in a non-save situation . He allowed singles by Miguel Cabrera and Prince Fielder with nobody out , but Victor Martinez hit into a double play , helping Perkins out of the jam . Sanchez allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Reliever Jose Ortega struck out two in the ninth	True
Sanchez allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked two . Reliever Jose Ortega struck out two in the ninth , giving the Detroit staff 11 strikeouts for the game . It was the sixth consecutive game for the Tigers with at least 10 strikeouts -- the longest streak by an American League team since at least 1921 . Sanchez struck out the first two hitters he faced , but his command was poor early on . He walked Josh Willingham and allowed an RBI double by Justin Morneau . After a walk by Ryan Doumit , Parmelee hit a single to left . Morneau tried to score from second	False
Sanchez struck out the first two hitters he faced , but his command was poor early on . He walked Josh Willingham and allowed an RBI double by Justin Morneau . After a walk by Ryan Doumit , Parmelee hit a single to left . Morneau tried to score from second , and although Matt Tuiasosopo 's throw home was a good one , catcher Brayan Pena could n't hold onto the ball while trying to make a quick tag . After one inning , Sanchez had already thrown 41 pitches . Minnesota struck out three times in the second	True
Diamond missed the start of the season after elbow surgery in December , but he 's gone at least six innings in three of his four starts . Torii Hunter hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Torii Hunter hit an RBI single in the sixth to get Detroit on the scoreboard , and Cabrera followed with an RBI double , but Diamond retired Fielder and Martinez on groundouts to end the inning . Hicks ' role increased after the Twins traded center fielders Denard Span and Ben Revere to Philadelphia . He has n't been hitting well , but after he led off the seventh	True
As far as starting pitcher Edwin Jackson is concerned , the only important part was that the Cubs hung on for a 7 - 6 victory . Chicago led 7 - 1 after four innings . The Mariners comeback started against Jackson ( 4 - 10 ) , who pitched into the seventh inning , allowing three runs and seven hits and striking out six . But it really got going once the game was turned over to the Cubs ' bullpen , which has blown 16 save chances this season and gave up three runs in the eighth	True
The Cubs tied a season high by hitting six doubles , including two each by Alfonso Soriano and Darwin Barney . Anthony Rizzo drove in two runs for Chicago , which took two out of three in the series against Seattle . Kevin Gregg pitched a hitless ninth	True
Seattle starter Jeremy Bonderman ( 1 - 2 ) was chased after giving up six runs -- four earned -- and six hits in 3 1/3 innings . It was his shortest start since going 2 1/3 innings on July 29 , 2007 with Detroit . The loss was the first	False
Bonderman 's trouble against the Cubs started in the second inning when the Cubs doubled four times , leading to three runs . Soriano and Rizzo led off the inning with doubles , and with one out Brian Bogusevic and Barney hit consecutive RBI doubles . In the fourth	True
Reliever Blake Beavan gave up an RBI double to Soriano and another run on Rizzo 's single as the Cubs took their 7 - 1 lead . That was the end of the offense for Chicago , which managed only one hit over the final five innings . The Mariners ' comeback got going in the fifth	True
The Mariners ' comeback got going in the fifth when Nick Franklin 's single drove in a run . Bay 's leadoff homer in the seventh cut the lead to 7 - 3 . Raul Ibanez led off the eighth	True
Dickey pitched a two - hitter for his first complete game of the year , Jose Reyes went 0 for 4 in his return from a two - month layoff and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Rays 3 - 0 Wednesday for their 12th win in 14 games . Dickey ( 7 - 8 ) retired his first 13 batters before James Loney grounded a single between shortstop and third base with one out in the fifth	True
Dickey pitched a two - hitter for his first complete game of the year , Jose Reyes went 0 for 4 in his return from a two - month layoff and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Rays 3 - 0 Wednesday for their 12th win in 14 games . Dickey ( 7 - 8 ) retired his first 13 batters before James Loney grounded a single between shortstop and third base with one out in the fifth . Yunel Escobar had a one - out single in the sixth	False
Dickey struck out six and walked one . The knuckleballer pitched a one - hitter for the New York Mets against the Rays on June 13 last year , allowing B. J. Upton 's first-inning infield single . Only one Tampa Bay runner , Desmond Jennings who walked and stole second	False
Dickey struck out six and walked one . The knuckleballer pitched a one - hitter for the New York Mets against the Rays on June 13 last year , allowing B. J. Upton 's first-inning infield single . Only one Tampa Bay runner , Desmond Jennings who walked and stole second in the seventh	True
Adam Lind and Edwin Encarnacion homered for the Blue Jays , who had lost two in a row after tying their team record of 11 straight wins . Reyes , the All-Star shortstop traded from Miami to Toronto during the offseason , had been sidelined since severely spraining his left ankle sliding into second base during an April 12 game at Kansas City . He grounded out three times , stranding runners on second	False
Adam Lind and Edwin Encarnacion homered for the Blue Jays , who had lost two in a row after tying their team record of 11 straight wins . Reyes , the All-Star shortstop traded from Miami to Toronto during the offseason , had been sidelined since severely spraining his left ankle sliding into second base during an April 12 game at Kansas City . He grounded out three times , stranding runners on second in the third	True
Reyes , the All-Star shortstop traded from Miami to Toronto during the offseason , had been sidelined since severely spraining his left ankle sliding into second base during an April 12 game at Kansas City . He grounded out three times , stranding runners on second in the third and fifth innings , and also flied out . His average dropped from .397 to .357 ( 15 for 42 ) . Reyes also made a nifty defensive play in the first inning , going into the hole to make a back-handed grab and then throw out Jennings at first	False
Reyes also made a nifty defensive play in the first inning , going into the hole to make a back-handed grab and then throw out Jennings at first . Jose Bautista doubled leading off the fourth	True
Reyes also made a nifty defensive play in the first inning , going into the hole to make a back-handed grab and then throw out Jennings at first . Jose Bautista doubled leading off the fourth and scored on Melky Cabrera 's two - out single . Lind homered in the sixth	True
Reyes also made a nifty defensive play in the first inning , going into the hole to make a back-handed grab and then throw out Jennings at first . Jose Bautista doubled leading off the fourth and scored on Melky Cabrera 's two - out single . Lind homered in the sixth and Encarnacion in the ninth	False
HOUSTON -- St. Louis Cardinals manager Mike Matheny tinkered with his lineup on Tuesday night , moving Matt Holliday from the No . 3 spot to fifth	False
Houston starter Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) entered the game with a 1.73 ERA in four starts this month , but things went wrong quickly . He allowed seven hits and seven runs with four walks in 3 1/3 innings . Craig extended his hitting streak to seven games with a single to start the second	True
Craig extended his hitting streak to seven games with a single to start the second before Matt Holliday ended a 0 for 11 slump with a single . Adams grounded into a double play before Harrell walked Freese . He escaped the jam when Jon Jay grounded into a force out to end the inning . Harrell struck out the side in the third	True
Craig extended his hitting streak to seven games with a single to start the second before Matt Holliday ended a 0 for 11 slump with a single . Adams grounded into a double play before Harrell walked Freese . He escaped the jam when Jon Jay grounded into a force out to end the inning . Harrell struck out the side in the third before trouble began in the fourth	True
Harrell struck out the side in the third before trouble began in the fourth . Beltran opened the fourth	True
A run-scoring single by Yadier Molina wrapped up the scoring for that inning and chased Harrell . He was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who struck out the next two batters to end the inning . Chris Carter walked to start the second inning , but Westbrook got back on track after that , retiring the next 12 batters . The Astros did n't have another baserunner until the homer by Dominguez to start the sixth	True
Beltran launched a 73 mph curveball into the Crawford Boxes in left field for a two - run home run -- his 18th of the season -- to make it 9 - 0 in the sixth inning . Freese pushed the lead to 11 - 4 when he hit his fifth homer of the season off Travis Blackley in the seventh	True
Freese pushed the lead to 11 - 4 when he hit his fifth homer of the season off Travis Blackley in the seventh . Craig 's two - run homer off Josh Fields made it 13 - 4 in the eighth	False
Craig 's two - run homer off Josh Fields made it 13 - 4 in the eighth . Houston added a run on an RBI single by Ronny Cedeno in the ninth	False
Derek Dietrich also provided some offense with a home run for the Marlins , who have won four of five . A. J. Ramos ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings in relief and Steve Cishek worked the ninth	True
Fernandez is 2 - 1 with a 1.67 ERA in five June starts . Minnesota 's Justin Morneau appeared to line into a double play to end the eighth	True
Minnesota 's Justin Morneau appeared to line into a double play to end the eighth , but first baseman Logan Morrison dropped the throw , allowing Joe Mauer to remain on base . Two batters later , Trevor Plouffe took advantage of Morrison 's error with an RBI single , scoring Mauer to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Ozuna 's RBI double in the bottom of the eighth	False
Ozuna 's RBI double in the bottom of the eighth after Morrison doubled pushed the lead to 4 - 2 . Cishek retired the Twins in order in the ninth	False
Josh Willingham 's RBI single in the third opened the scoring for Minnesota . Kevin Correia ( 6 - 5 ) held the Marlins scoreless through five innings before running into trouble in the sixth	True
Correia allowed two runs and five hits in six innings after beating the Marlins on April 23 . Brian Duensing relieved Correia and yielded a home run to Dietrich , his seventh	False
PHILADELPHIA -- Kevin Frandsen just wanted to get on base . He got more than he expected to save the Phillies from a crushing loss . Frandsen hit a pinch-hit homer leading off the ninth	True
Frandsen hit a pinch-hit homer leading off the ninth to lift Philadelphia to an 8 - 7 victory over New York on Saturday that wiped out the Mets ' comeback from a six - run deficit . The Mets had scored two runs in the top of the ninth	False
Ryan Howard homered twice and drove in four runs and Michael Young also homered for Philadelphia , which led 7 - 1 through six innings . Jordany Valdespin homered off Papelbon with one out in the ninth	True
Ryan Howard homered twice and drove in four runs and Michael Young also homered for Philadelphia , which led 7 - 1 through six innings . Jordany Valdespin homered off Papelbon with one out in the ninth to pull New York within 7 - 6 . After David Wright reached on an error , Papelbon got Marlon Byrd to fly out for the second	True
Jordany Valdespin homered off Papelbon with one out in the ninth to pull New York within 7 - 6 . After David Wright reached on an error , Papelbon got Marlon Byrd to fly out for the second out . With Wright running and shortstop Jimmy Rollins moving toward second base to cover , Daniel Murphy singled to left-center . Center fielder Ben Revere bobbled the ball and Wright scored all the way from first	False
Gee also continued his struggles against the Phillies , allowing six runs ( five earned ) on eight hits in five innings . He is 2 - 3 with a 7.66 ERA in nine games ( eight starts ) in his career against Philadelphia . He entered 3 - 1 with a 1.53 ERA in his last four starts . Howard 's two - run single to right in the first gave Philadelphia a 2 - 0 lead . He led off the fourth	True
Gee also continued his struggles against the Phillies , allowing six runs ( five earned ) on eight hits in five innings . He is 2 - 3 with a 7.66 ERA in nine games ( eight starts ) in his career against Philadelphia . He entered 3 - 1 with a 1.53 ERA in his last four starts . Howard 's two - run single to right in the first gave Philadelphia a 2 - 0 lead . He led off the fourth with a solo homer to right and launched a two - out solo homer to deep right in the fifth	True
Howard 's two - run single to right in the first gave Philadelphia a 2 - 0 lead . He led off the fourth with a solo homer to right and launched a two - out solo homer to deep right in the fifth . Young preceded Howard 's second homer of the game with a solo shot of his own . Young also has success against Gee , improving to 8 for 11 with three homers against him . Pettibone injured himself while batting early in the game . He drew boos when he did n't run out a weak grounder , but clearly there was something bothering him as he clutched his lower back on his way back to the dugout . Pettibone warmed up before the seventh	True
He left with the Phillies ahead 7 - 1 after allowing one run on five hits with a walk and a strikeout in six innings . The Phillies needed three relievers to get through the seventh	True
Zito tossed seven impressive innings with a heavy heart to keep the San Francisco Giants in the game , and they won it 2 - 1 on Hector Sanchez 's bloop single with one out in the 11th inning to snap a nine - game home losing streak to the Miami Marlins . Giants right fielder Hunter Pence made a diving catch to rob Placido Polanco of a likely go-ahead single to end the 11th	True
Zito tossed seven impressive innings with a heavy heart to keep the San Francisco Giants in the game , and they won it 2 - 1 on Hector Sanchez 's bloop single with one out in the 11th inning to snap a nine - game home losing streak to the Miami Marlins . Giants right fielder Hunter Pence made a diving catch to rob Placido Polanco of a likely go-ahead single to end the 11th as Miami left runners on first	False
Zito tossed seven impressive innings with a heavy heart to keep the San Francisco Giants in the game , and they won it 2 - 1 on Hector Sanchez 's bloop single with one out in the 11th inning to snap a nine - game home losing streak to the Miami Marlins . Giants right fielder Hunter Pence made a diving catch to rob Placido Polanco of a likely go-ahead single to end the 11th as Miami left runners on first and second	False
Giants right fielder Hunter Pence made a diving catch to rob Placido Polanco of a likely go-ahead single to end the 11th as Miami left runners on first and second in back-to-back innings . The Giants beat the Marlins at home for the first time since July 28 , 2010 . Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) allowed Gregor Blanco 's infield single to start the 11th	True
Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) allowed Gregor Blanco 's infield single to start the 11th . Ryan Webb relieved and gave up Buster Posey 's infield single . Pence was intentionally walked and Sanchez singled to left for his third game-ending hit . Blanco hit a tying double in the fifth	True
Blanco hit a tying double in the fifth for the Giants . Sergio Romo struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the eighth	True
Blanco hit a tying double in the fifth for the Giants . Sergio Romo struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the eighth but yielded Polanco 's leadoff single in the 10th	True
Sergio Romo struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the eighth but yielded Polanco 's leadoff single in the 10th . After a strikeout of Jeff Mathis , Javier Lopez relieved and gave up a base hit to pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs . Sandy Rosario ( 2 - 0 ) entered and struck out Justin Ruggiano and Ed Lucas , pumping his fists when the inning ended . Lucas hit his first career home run as the Marlins grabbed a quick lead on Zito in the first	True
Zito took the mound following the Wednesday death of his dad , Joe , at age 84 . The left-hander spent that day in Southern California . The pitcher told Bruce Bochy he planned to stay on schedule and make his Saturday start -- and the sellout crowd of 41,683 showed its support with a roaring standing ovation when Zito walked off the mound in the seventh	True
Giants shortstop Brandon Crawford was 0 - for - 4 while returning to the lineup after missing three games with two sprained fingers on his right hand . The Giants missed a chance in the first	True
Giants shortstop Brandon Crawford was 0 - for - 4 while returning to the lineup after missing three games with two sprained fingers on his right hand . The Giants missed a chance in the first on Blanco 's baserunning blunder . He and Marco Scutaro started the inning with consecutive singles , then Posey flied out to shallow center and Marcell Ozuna threw out Blanco at second	False
The Giants missed a chance in the first on Blanco 's baserunning blunder . He and Marco Scutaro started the inning with consecutive singles , then Posey flied out to shallow center and Marcell Ozuna threw out Blanco at second when he was caught off the bag after taking an early jump . In the second	True
The Giants missed a chance in the first on Blanco 's baserunning blunder . He and Marco Scutaro started the inning with consecutive singles , then Posey flied out to shallow center and Marcell Ozuna threw out Blanco at second when he was caught off the bag after taking an early jump . In the second , Juan Perez reached on a two - out walk only to be picked off at first	False
The Giants missed a chance in the first on Blanco 's baserunning blunder . He and Marco Scutaro started the inning with consecutive singles , then Posey flied out to shallow center and Marcell Ozuna threw out Blanco at second when he was caught off the bag after taking an early jump . In the second , Juan Perez reached on a two - out walk only to be picked off at first . Scutaro grounded into an inning-ending double play in the third	True
The Giants missed a chance in the first on Blanco 's baserunning blunder . He and Marco Scutaro started the inning with consecutive singles , then Posey flied out to shallow center and Marcell Ozuna threw out Blanco at second when he was caught off the bag after taking an early jump . In the second , Juan Perez reached on a two - out walk only to be picked off at first . Scutaro grounded into an inning-ending double play in the third for yet another squandered chance . Perez was thrown out at the plate in the fifth	False
In the second , Juan Perez reached on a two - out walk only to be picked off at first . Scutaro grounded into an inning-ending double play in the third for yet another squandered chance . Perez was thrown out at the plate in the fifth on a squeeze attempt . In the fifth	True
In the second , Juan Perez reached on a two - out walk only to be picked off at first . Scutaro grounded into an inning-ending double play in the third for yet another squandered chance . Perez was thrown out at the plate in the fifth on a squeeze attempt . In the fifth , Blanco was credited with an RBI double after a fan reached over the 20-foot wall in right field and snatched the ball on a high bounce . Blanco was then moved to third	False
The 31-year-old Lucas was a career minor leaguer who logged 925 games while trying to break into the big leagues , including six of his 10 minor league years at Triple-A . He finally got his shot on May 30 -- eight days after turning 31 -- when he made his major league debut as a defensive replacement in the ninth inning against Tampa Bay . Marlins starter Jacob Turner , facing the Giants for the first time in his career , hung tough in his duel with Zito . Turner singled in the fifth	True
Cole pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning in his native Orange County , earning his third straight victory in the Pirates ' 5 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . The Pirates ' 22-year-old right-hander out of Orange Lutheran High School and UCLA dazzled the Angels , repeatedly hitting 100 mph on the stadium radar gun . He struck out five and retired 11 straight before Albert Pujols ' leadoff homer in the seventh	True
Cole , the No . 1 overall pick in the 2011 draft , was born in nearby Newport Beach , Calif. , and went to high school 15 minutes from Angel Stadium , racking up 121 strikeouts with an 0.46 ERA as a senior . After three years at UCLA , Cole rocketed through the Pirates ' system and made his major league debut in Pittsburgh to much fanfare 10 days ago . The 6-foot-4 power pitcher has n't disappointed , beating San Francisco and the Dodgers in Pittsburgh before besting Weaver , who finished second	False
Pedro Alvarez and Jordy Mercer homered in the second inning of the Pirates ' first game in Anaheim since 2007 . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth	True
Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his NL-leading 26th save . Cole retired Los Angeles ' first seven hitters before back-to-back singles by Hank Conger and Peter Bourjos in the third	True
Jason Grilli pitched the ninth for his NL-leading 26th save . Cole retired Los Angeles ' first seven hitters before back-to-back singles by Hank Conger and Peter Bourjos in the third , but he escaped the jam and did n't allow another baserunner until the seventh	True
The Angels finally chased Cole on Alberto Callaspo 's RBI single , and the Anaheim crowd cheered the local kid on the way to the dugout . Weaver has n't been his usual dominant self in five starts since returning from a 45-day stint on the disabled list . After he gave up Alvarez 's 17th homer to lead off the second inning , Mercer followed with a two - run shot , his fourth	False
Weaver has n't been his usual dominant self in five starts since returning from a 45-day stint on the disabled list . After he gave up Alvarez 's 17th homer to lead off the second inning , Mercer followed with a two - run shot , his fourth of the season . The Pirates added another run in the fourth	True
Josh Hamilton sat out with a sore right wrist , and the $ 125 million slugger is n't likely to start a game this weekend while the Angels give him some rest . Hamilton , who was available off the bench , was in a 3 - for - 26 skid in the first seven games of the Angels ' homestand . NOTES : Pittsburgh improved to 2 - 5 at the Big A , getting its only previous win here on June 11 , 2002 .. .. RHP Billy Buckner , selected from Triple-A Salt Lake before the game to take injured Jason Vargas ' roster spot , pitched 2 2 - 3 sharp innings of relief for Weaver , giving up one hit and one walk .. .. Mike Trout went 0 - for - 4 , but made a full-stretch diving catch on Gaby Sanchez 's drive into the left-field corner in the fifth	True
The left-hander gave up just three hits and a walk , and Eric Hosmer 's homer in the sixth represented the only run Santiago ( 3 - 5 ) has allowed to the Royals in 19 1/3 career innings . On a warm , windy night at Kauffman Stadium , Guthrie ( 7 - 5 ) walked three of the first five batters he faced , and the bases-loaded free pass that he issued to Paul Konerko brought in the game 's first run . Conor Gillaspie added a sacrifice fly later in the first	True
On a warm , windy night at Kauffman Stadium , Guthrie ( 7 - 5 ) walked three of the first five batters he faced , and the bases-loaded free pass that he issued to Paul Konerko brought in the game 's first run . Conor Gillaspie added a sacrifice fly later in the first to make it 2 - 0 . The real trouble for Guthrie came in the third	True
Samardzija gave up two runs on seven hits and left with a 4 - 1 lead . He struck out six and walked one for his first win since May 27 . Ryan Sweeney and Cody Ransom hit back-to-back homers in a four - run first	True
Said Sweeney : `` Watching from center field , he was unbelievable . '' Kevin Gregg picked up his 10th save in as many opportunities . He got David Freese to ground into a strange game-ending double play . Pinch-runner Shane Robinson was called out for interference while trying to break up the play at second	False
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny agreed with the call by umpire crew chief Fieldin Culbreth . The Cardinals cut the lead to 4 - 2 on an RBI single by Yadier Molina with one out in the ninth	True
Samardzija never let a runner past second base in the first five innings and was helped out by three double plays . Beltran homered off the right-field foul pole with two outs in the sixth	True
Cole was n't as sharp as he was in his debut against San Francisco when he took a shutout into the seventh inning . Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was pleased with this outing . Alvarez snapped a 2-all tie when he connected off Zack Greinke ( 3 - 2 ) for a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Los Angeles lost for the sixth time in eight games . There were two outs and no one on in the fifth	True
There were two outs and no one on in the fifth with the score tied at 2 when Jones singled and Neil Walker walked . Alvarez , who was 1 for 14 in his career against Greinke , then hit a drive into the shrubbery in dead center field . After Jones gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
There were two outs and no one on in the fifth with the score tied at 2 when Jones singled and Neil Walker walked . Alvarez , who was 1 for 14 in his career against Greinke , then hit a drive into the shrubbery in dead center field . After Jones gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead in the first , the Dodgers tied it . Puig led off the second	True
There were two outs and no one on in the fifth with the score tied at 2 when Jones singled and Neil Walker walked . Alvarez , who was 1 for 14 in his career against Greinke , then hit a drive into the shrubbery in dead center field . After Jones gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead in the first , the Dodgers tied it . Puig led off the second with a single , stole second	False
There were two outs and no one on in the fifth with the score tied at 2 when Jones singled and Neil Walker walked . Alvarez , who was 1 for 14 in his career against Greinke , then hit a drive into the shrubbery in dead center field . After Jones gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead in the first , the Dodgers tied it . Puig led off the second with a single , stole second and scored on Tim Federowicz 's groundout . Andre Ethier hit an RBI single in the fourth	True
After Jones gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead in the first , the Dodgers tied it . Puig led off the second with a single , stole second and scored on Tim Federowicz 's groundout . Andre Ethier hit an RBI single in the fourth . Los Angeles closed to 5 - 3 in the sixth	False
The strategies worked for each of the Braves ' hitters in a ninth-inning comeback against the Giants ' closer . Upton drew a bases-loaded walk from Romo to force in the tying run and Freeman followed with a line-drive single off the closer to cap a two - run rally in the ninth	True
Upton drew a bases-loaded walk from Romo to force in the tying run and Freeman followed with a line-drive single off the closer to cap a two - run rally in the ninth that lifted Atlanta to a 6 - 5 win over San Francisco on Saturday . B. J. Upton hit two homers off Chad Gaudin , but the Braves trailed 5 - 4 entering the ninth	True
B. J. Upton hit two homers off Chad Gaudin , but the Braves trailed 5 - 4 entering the ninth . Romo ( 3 - 3 ) walked pinch hitter Evan Gattis , who was replaced by pinch runner Reed Johnson , with one out . Andrelton Simmons followed with a grounder that skipped past third baseman Joaquin Arias for an error , putting runners on first	False
B. J. Upton hit two homers off Chad Gaudin , but the Braves trailed 5 - 4 entering the ninth . Romo ( 3 - 3 ) walked pinch hitter Evan Gattis , who was replaced by pinch runner Reed Johnson , with one out . Andrelton Simmons followed with a grounder that skipped past third baseman Joaquin Arias for an error , putting runners on first and second	False
Romo took his third blown save in 19 opportunities . Braves closer Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) struck out Hunter Pence to end the ninth	True
Romo took his third blown save in 19 opportunities . Braves closer Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) struck out Hunter Pence to end the ninth with runners on first	False
Romo took his third blown save in 19 opportunities . Braves closer Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) struck out Hunter Pence to end the ninth with runners on first and second	False
Gaudin gave up four runs on eight hits in five - plus innings . Pence had a run-scoring single in the Giants ' three - run third inning and a sacrifice fly in a two - run fifth	True
Upton 's two - run homer to center field in the sixth drove in Brian McCann , who doubled . The homer cut San Francisco 's lead to 5 - 4 and knocked Gaudin out of the game . Simmons committed two errors after beginning the day with only four miscues for the season . Simmons ' fielding error on Tony Abreu 's grounder led to an unearned run in the fifth	True
Simmons committed two errors after beginning the day with only four miscues for the season . Simmons ' fielding error on Tony Abreu 's grounder led to an unearned run in the fifth . Buster Posey followed with a run-scoring double that drove in Torres . Abreu scored on Pence 's fly ball to right field . Simmons made a wild throw after fielding an infield single by Juan Perez to open the sixth	True
Brandon Barnes drove in a run with a double in the fifth inning to make it 4 - 1 . Adam Dunn hit his 18th homer to start the White Sox seventh	True
The White Sox had runners at the corners with two outs in the eighth inning , but pinch-hitter Jeff Keppinger grounded into a force out to end the threat . Jose Veras pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The White Sox had runners at the corners with two outs in the eighth inning , but pinch-hitter Jeff Keppinger grounded into a force out to end the threat . Jose Veras pitched a scoreless ninth for his 13th save . He allowed a walk to start the ninth	True
The White Sox had runners at the corners with two outs in the eighth inning , but pinch-hitter Jeff Keppinger grounded into a force out to end the threat . Jose Veras pitched a scoreless ninth for his 13th save . He allowed a walk to start the ninth , but picked off pinch-runner Jordan Danks at second	False
The White Sox have dropped 11 of their last 12 on the road and are last in the AL-Central . Alexei Ramirez singled with one out in the first	True
Porter was impressed with Harrell 's work . He threw a 1 - 2 - 2 sixth inning before running into trouble in the seventh	True
He threw a 1 - 2 - 2 sixth inning before running into trouble in the seventh . Dunn 's sixth homer this month landed in the Crawford Boxes in left field to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Conor Gillaspie singled with one out and took second	False
He got back on track after that and sat down the next four batters , with two strikeouts , causing frustration among Houston 's hitters . Jose Altuve threw his bat angrily when he struck out on a full-count to end the third inning . Matt Dominguez singled down the left field line to start Houston 's fifth	True
Deduno gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . Glen Perkins added his 16th save in 18 chances . Plouffe provided some long-awaited production from third base for Minnesota . Jamey Carroll and Eduardo Escobar had split time at third	False
Sanchez and manager Jim Leyland said Sanchez was did n't have the usual velocity on his fastball . After walking two batters to start the second	True
The young right-hander , who starred in the World Baseball Classic for the Dominican Republic , gave up nine hits and six runs at Detroit in his first start of the season on May 24 . He has allowed two runs or fewer in his last four starts and has helped solidify the Twins ' trouble in the rotation . Deduno also escaped trouble with the help of key defensive plays behind him -- two by Plouffe . Detroit had two runners thrown out at the plate , one by shortstop Pedro Florimon in the third	True
The young right-hander , who starred in the World Baseball Classic for the Dominican Republic , gave up nine hits and six runs at Detroit in his first start of the season on May 24 . He has allowed two runs or fewer in his last four starts and has helped solidify the Twins ' trouble in the rotation . Deduno also escaped trouble with the help of key defensive plays behind him -- two by Plouffe . Detroit had two runners thrown out at the plate , one by shortstop Pedro Florimon in the third and one by right-fielder Chris Parmelee in the sixth	True
Two pitches after his reprieve , Rendon homered into the Nationals ' bullpen off Vinnie Pestano ( 1 - 2 ) to stun the Indians and the crowd of 33,307 . Swisher and Kipnis both drifted into foul territory and it appeared either could have made the catch , but neither player appeared to call for it and the ball fell to the ground . Swisher was charged with the error . Instead of being the third	False
Kipnis took his share of the blame . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the eighth	True
Kipnis took his share of the blame . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win while Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	False
Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win while Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save . Mike Aviles doubled with two outs , but first baseman Adam LaRoche made a leaping catch of Michael Bourn 's line drive to end the interleague game . The Indians trailed 5 - 0 in the third	True
Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win while Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save . Mike Aviles doubled with two outs , but first baseman Adam LaRoche made a leaping catch of Michael Bourn 's line drive to end the interleague game . The Indians trailed 5 - 0 in the third but scored six unanswered runs to take the lead until Chad Tracy 's pinch-hit home run off Joe Smith tied the game in the eighth	True
The Indians trailed 5 - 0 in the third but scored six unanswered runs to take the lead until Chad Tracy 's pinch-hit home run off Joe Smith tied the game in the eighth . Michael Brantley 's two - run double in the fifth	False
The Indians trailed 5 - 0 in the third but scored six unanswered runs to take the lead until Chad Tracy 's pinch-hit home run off Joe Smith tied the game in the eighth . Michael Brantley 's two - run double in the fifth , along with solo homers by Carlos Santana and Mark Reynolds in the fifth	True
Michael Brantley 's two - run double in the fifth , along with solo homers by Carlos Santana and Mark Reynolds in the fifth , fueled Cleveland 's comeback from a 5 - 0 deficit . The Indians rallied against Jordan Zimmerman , who could n't hold the lead and was denied his 10th win of the season . Santana and Reynolds hit back-to-back homers in the fourth	True
Michael Brantley 's two - run double in the fifth , along with solo homers by Carlos Santana and Mark Reynolds in the fifth , fueled Cleveland 's comeback from a 5 - 0 deficit . The Indians rallied against Jordan Zimmerman , who could n't hold the lead and was denied his 10th win of the season . Santana and Reynolds hit back-to-back homers in the fourth before Cleveland scored three times in the fifth	True
The Indians rallied against Jordan Zimmerman , who could n't hold the lead and was denied his 10th win of the season . Santana and Reynolds hit back-to-back homers in the fourth before Cleveland scored three times in the fifth , taking the lead on Brantley 's two - run double . Solo home runs by Ryan Zimmerman , Jayson Werth and Ian Desmond , followed by a two - run third	True
Solo home runs by Ryan Zimmerman , Jayson Werth and Ian Desmond , followed by a two - run third , staked Washington to an early lead , but Zimmermann allowed six runs in five innings . Cleveland starter Scott Kazmir gave up five runs , including three homers , in 2 2/3 innings , but Washington was held in check until Tracy , batting for Chris Marrero , homered into Cleveland 's bullpen with two outs in the eighth	True
Cleveland starter Scott Kazmir gave up five runs , including three homers , in 2 2/3 innings , but Washington was held in check until Tracy , batting for Chris Marrero , homered into Cleveland 's bullpen with two outs in the eighth . Tracy has eight career pinch-hit home runs , including two this season . Zimmerman and Werth hit back-to-back homers to dead center in the first	True
Cleveland starter Scott Kazmir gave up five runs , including three homers , in 2 2/3 innings , but Washington was held in check until Tracy , batting for Chris Marrero , homered into Cleveland 's bullpen with two outs in the eighth . Tracy has eight career pinch-hit home runs , including two this season . Zimmerman and Werth hit back-to-back homers to dead center in the first . Desmond led off the second	True
Zimmerman and Werth hit back-to-back homers to dead center in the first . Desmond led off the second with a line drive down the left field line that cleared the 19-foot high wall . Kazmir did n't get through the third	True
Kazmir did n't get through the third when Washington added two runs . A double and two walks loaded the bases with nobody out . LaRoche bounced into a double play that scored Rendon . Kazmir 's wild pitch on ball four to Desmond scored Zimmerman and ended Kazmir 's night . It was his shortest outing of the season . Zimmermann , who had n't allowed an earned run in his previous two starts , did n't give up a hit until Aviles doubled with one out in the third	True
Zimmermann , who had n't allowed an earned run in his previous two starts , did n't give up a hit until Aviles doubled with one out in the third . Kipnis ' two - out single scored Cleveland 's first run . The right-hander retired the first two hitters in the fourth	True
The right-hander retired the first two hitters in the fourth before Santana homered to right . Reynolds , who entered the game in a 2 - for - 23 slump , broke a homerless streak of 13 straight games with a blast that landed halfway up the bleachers in left field . Zimmermann continued to labor in the fifth	True
Eight of the nine games between the teams this season have been decided by three runs or fewer . The Diamondbacks had 20 hits while improving to 7 - 2 against the Dodgers . Seven of their hits were singles , tying for the most in franchise history . Prado put the Diamondbacks ahead 5 - 4 with a ground-rule double to left field off Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 5 ) , who was charged with four runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . He walked two and did n't retire any of the four batters he faced in the 12th	True
Arizona 's Cody Ross and Miguel Montero each tied their career highs with four hits . In the bottom of the 12th	True
In the bottom of the 12th , Yasiel Puig scored on a groundout by Mark Ellis . With two runners on , Bell retired pinch hitter Tim Federowicz on a grounder to end it . Arizona tied the game 4-all on Montero 's RBI single in the seventh	True
Arizona tied the game 4-all on Montero 's RBI single in the seventh . Diamondbacks starter Patrick Corbin had a 3 - 0 cushion when he gave up five consecutive hits with two outs in the fifth	True
Hernandez had an RBI groundout that scored Juan Uribe , who led off with a double . Dodgers starter Hyun-Jin Ryu tripled to deep right field -- the first	False
Hernandez had an RBI groundout that scored Juan Uribe , who led off with a double . Dodgers starter Hyun-Jin Ryu tripled to deep right field -- the first of his career -- and Parra misplayed the ball as it skipped past his outstretched glove . That drove in Alex Castellanos , who reached on a ground-rule double and went to third	False
The Dodgers tied the game and went ahead on RBI singles by Nick Punto and Adrian Gonzalez . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
It was the eighth four - hit game in Gomez 's career . Gomez had two unimpressive stints with the Mets and Twins before landing in Milwaukee in 2010 . His biggest play of the game came in the sixth	True
His biggest play of the game came in the sixth . With the Brewers already leading 6 - 0 , Gomez smacked a three - run triple , his third	False
Slowey is 0 - 4 with an 8.89 ERA in his past six starts . Lucroy gave the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Lucroy gave the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead in the first with his three - run triple to right-center as the ball rolled to the wall . Segura hit his 10th home run of the season in the third	True
Segura hit his 10th home run of the season in the third for a 4 - 0 advantage . Norichika Aoki and Lucroy added sacrifice flies in the fourth	True
Segura hit his 10th home run of the season in the third for a 4 - 0 advantage . Norichika Aoki and Lucroy added sacrifice flies in the fourth and fifth	True
Norichika Aoki and Lucroy added sacrifice flies in the fourth and fifth to push the lead to 6 - 0 . Ed Lucas had two of Miami 's five hits and Giancarlo Stanton drove in the Marlins only run in the ninth	True
Ramirez hit an RBI single with one out in the ninth inning , giving the Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Phillies on Friday night that ended Philadelphia 's five - game winning streak . The win was just Milwaukee 's fourth	False
The Orioles could n't get anything going on offense until after Keuchel left the game and they were down 9 - 1 . J. J. Hardy had an RBI single in the first	True
J. J. Hardy had an RBI single in the first and a solo home run in Baltimore 's three - run seventh inning . Matt Wieters connected on a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Manny Machado drove in a run later in that inning . The Orioles were unable to build on the big inning when Hardy grounded into a double play with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
Houston got homer after homer in the first four innings , sending six of its first nine hits out of the park . Altuve singled with one out in the first	True
No . 9 hitter Gonzalez continued the slugging in the second inning when he also sent one into the bullpen to extend the lead to 5 - 1 . Garcia allowed a two - out single to Pena before walking Corporan in the third	True
Garcia allowed a two - out single to Pena before walking Corporan in the third , but Trevor Crowe grounded out to end that inning . Dominguez opened Houston 's fourth	True
The Orioles led early after Nate McLouth started the game with a ground-rule double and scored on a one - out single by Hardy to make it 1 - 0 . Keuchel walked Alexi Casilla with two outs in the second inning before retiring 12 in a row . Baltimore 's next baserunner came when Adam Jones singled with two outs in the sixth	True
Keuchel walked Alexi Casilla with two outs in the second inning before retiring 12 in a row . Baltimore 's next baserunner came when Adam Jones singled with two outs in the sixth . Chris Davis followed with another single and Wieters walked to load the bases . Keuchel got out of the jam by striking out Danny Valencia . Casilla had a run-scoring triple in the seventh	True
Pujols hit a go-ahead homer in the eighth inning and drove in three runs , leading the Angels to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . His ninth	True
His ninth of the season got not only Jered Weaver off the hook , but also third baseman Alberto Callaspo , whose third-inning fielding error led to a pair of unearned runs . Cubs starter Scott Feldman took a 3 - 1 lead into the seventh	True
Pujols , who has hit 54 of his 484 career home runs against Cubs pitching , is batting just .244 with 35 RBIs in 57 games . After he struck out in the third inning , he was soundly booed by the crowd . Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Angels , coming off an embarrassing four - game sweep by the visiting Houston Astros -- the team with the worst record in the AL -- won for the third time in nine games . The Cubs snapped a 1-all tie in the third	True
The Angels , coming off an embarrassing four - game sweep by the visiting Houston Astros -- the team with the worst record in the AL -- won for the third time in nine games . The Cubs snapped a 1-all tie in the third after Callaspo fumbled David DeJesus ' leadoff grounder on the infield grass , his fifth error this season and fourth	False
The Cubs snapped a 1-all tie in the third after Callaspo fumbled David DeJesus ' leadoff grounder on the infield grass , his fifth error this season and fourth in three games . One out later , Weaver walked Anthony Rizzo and gave up an RBI single to Alfonso Soriano . Ryan Sweeney , who had three hits , delivered the second run of the inning with a two - out single -- his first RBI in 26 career at-bats against Weaver to that point . Chicago opened the scoring in the first	True
Andy Pettitte lasted only 4 2/3 innings in a wild return from the disabled list -- his 500th career start . Shawn Kelly ( 3 - 0 ) and three other relievers held the Indians scoreless the rest of the way to help New York win for the second time in nine games . This was the first time they scored more than four runs in that stretch . Yankees designated hitter Travis Hafner , wearing Swisher 's old No . 33 , homered against his former team in the seventh	True
Yankees designated hitter Travis Hafner , wearing Swisher 's old No . 33 , homered against his former team in the seventh off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) , who matched a season high by allowing seven runs . Cleveland shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera had to be helped off the field after straining his right quadriceps running out a grounder in a three - run fifth	True
Cleveland shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera had to be helped off the field after straining his right quadriceps running out a grounder in a three - run fifth . Kelly pitched 1 1/3 innings , Joba Chamberlain and David Robertson one each of hitless relief , and Mariano Rivera retired Swisher on a fly to left with a runner on second	False
Kelly pitched 1 1/3 innings , Joba Chamberlain and David Robertson one each of hitless relief , and Mariano Rivera retired Swisher on a fly to left with a runner on second for his 20th save in 21 chances . After a brief thunderstorm canceled batting practice , the Indians put a runner in scoring position in the first	True
Kelly pitched 1 1/3 innings , Joba Chamberlain and David Robertson one each of hitless relief , and Mariano Rivera retired Swisher on a fly to left with a runner on second for his 20th save in 21 chances . After a brief thunderstorm canceled batting practice , the Indians put a runner in scoring position in the first when Mike Aviles singled and went to second	False
The popular outfielder was upset last October when he was booed by the `` Bleacher Creatures '' during a punchless playoffs . Before the game Monday , though , he insisted he was `` living in the now , bro , '' and was n't worried about his reception . When Swisher took his position at first base in the bottom of the first	True
In a jab at their former teammate , the Yankees encouraged Lyle Overbay , making the first outfield start of his 13-year career in right field , to turn and give the Swisher salute . Swisher gave the Indians the lead in the third	True
In a jab at their former teammate , the Yankees encouraged Lyle Overbay , making the first outfield start of his 13-year career in right field , to turn and give the Swisher salute . Swisher gave the Indians the lead in the third when he hit a grounder to third base with runners on second	False
In a jab at their former teammate , the Yankees encouraged Lyle Overbay , making the first outfield start of his 13-year career in right field , to turn and give the Swisher salute . Swisher gave the Indians the lead in the third when he hit a grounder to third base with runners on second and third	False
In a jab at their former teammate , the Yankees encouraged Lyle Overbay , making the first outfield start of his 13-year career in right field , to turn and give the Swisher salute . Swisher gave the Indians the lead in the third when he hit a grounder to third base with runners on second and third . David Adams fielded the ball and tried to tag Aviles , who was advancing to third	False
In a jab at their former teammate , the Yankees encouraged Lyle Overbay , making the first outfield start of his 13-year career in right field , to turn and give the Swisher salute . Swisher gave the Indians the lead in the third when he hit a grounder to third base with runners on second and third . David Adams fielded the ball and tried to tag Aviles , who was advancing to third . Aviles was called out but Michael Bourn scored from third	False
Swisher gave the Indians the lead in the third when he hit a grounder to third base with runners on second and third . David Adams fielded the ball and tried to tag Aviles , who was advancing to third . Aviles was called out but Michael Bourn scored from third . Swisher scored on Carlos Santana 's two - run double in the fifth	True
Swisher gave the Indians the lead in the third when he hit a grounder to third base with runners on second and third . David Adams fielded the ball and tried to tag Aviles , who was advancing to third . Aviles was called out but Michael Bourn scored from third . Swisher scored on Carlos Santana 's two - run double in the fifth after walking during a stretch in which Pettitte threw 10 straight balls and the second	True
Swisher scored on Carlos Santana 's two - run double in the fifth after walking during a stretch in which Pettitte threw 10 straight balls and the second of two wild pitches . Overbay got his first outfield putout to end a bases-loaded threat in the fifth	True
Santana 's double chased Pettitte in his first outing since going to the DL on May 17 with a strained muscle in his upper back . Pettitte gave up seven hits and four runs and was left stuck on 249 career wins . He walked three and struck out three , and could n't protect a three - run lead . Teixeira gave him that cushion with his eighth career slam in the third	True
Teixeira gave him that cushion with his eighth career slam in the third off Masterson . They were Teixeira 's first RBIs since he was activated from the disabled list Friday . He missed the first two months of the season with a wrist injury sustained in early March . Masterson had pitched a marvelous four - hitter against New York on May 13 and was 4 - 2 with a 2.08 ERA against the Yankees -- but still has n't beaten them in the Bronx . He was lifted after allowing Hafner 's one - out homer in the seventh	True
Scott Hairston hit his 100th career homer as the Cubs lost their second straight after a season-high five - game winning steak . Arizona loaded the bases in the second	True
Gerardo Parra followed with a two - run single , and Jackson 's wild pitch allowed Corbin to score for a 3 - 1 lead . Jackson 's RBI single cut the deficit in the fourth	True
Gerardo Parra followed with a two - run single , and Jackson 's wild pitch allowed Corbin to score for a 3 - 1 lead . Jackson 's RBI single cut the deficit in the fourth , but Nieves ' two - out RBI single boosted the lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth	True
Corbin stayed in just long enough to get the win . Jackson allowed three straight singles with two outs in the sixth	True
Jackson allowed three straight singles with two outs in the sixth , when Paul Goldschmidt drove in the go-ahead run . After an intentional walk to Jason Kubel loaded the bases , Cody Ross lined a two - run single for a 7 - 4 lead . Struggling Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol , who was booed , allowed three walks and an RBI single to Nieves in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks scored a season-high 12 runs and had a season-high 17 hits . The Cubs bullpen gave a up nine runs on 10 hits with four walks in 2 2/3 innings . With the scored tied at 4 in the eighth inning , Parra hit what looked to be a go-ahead RBI double off Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) , but the ball got stuck in the ivy in the center field wall , resulting in a ground-rule double . Willie Bloomquist was sent back to third base , who was running on the pitch and would 've easily scored from first	False
After a walk to load the bases , Goldschmidt hit a long shot off Marmol to center field for his first career grand slam , giving the Diamondbacks an 8 - 4 lead . Trailing 3 - 1 in the seventh inning , Goldschmidt worked a walk against Samardzija to put runners on first	False
After a walk to load the bases , Goldschmidt hit a long shot off Marmol to center field for his first career grand slam , giving the Diamondbacks an 8 - 4 lead . Trailing 3 - 1 in the seventh inning , Goldschmidt worked a walk against Samardzija to put runners on first and second	False
After a walk to load the bases , Goldschmidt hit a long shot off Marmol to center field for his first career grand slam , giving the Diamondbacks an 8 - 4 lead . Trailing 3 - 1 in the seventh inning , Goldschmidt worked a walk against Samardzija to put runners on first and second and end Samardzija 's outing . After retiring the first batter he faced for the second	True
Trailing 3 - 1 in the seventh inning , Goldschmidt worked a walk against Samardzija to put runners on first and second and end Samardzija 's outing . After retiring the first batter he faced for the second out , Cubs reliever James Russell walked Martin Prado and Kubel followed with a double to clear the bases and give Arizona a 4 - 3 lead . After retiring 17 straight batters , Kennedy was tagged by Schierholtz for a home run leading off the bottom of the seventh	True
Trailing 3 - 1 in the seventh inning , Goldschmidt worked a walk against Samardzija to put runners on first and second and end Samardzija 's outing . After retiring the first batter he faced for the second out , Cubs reliever James Russell walked Martin Prado and Kubel followed with a double to clear the bases and give Arizona a 4 - 3 lead . After retiring 17 straight batters , Kennedy was tagged by Schierholtz for a home run leading off the bottom of the seventh . It was Schierholtz 's seventh	False
Samardzija showed flashes of his dominant performance against the White Sox on Monday , but was pitching in and out of trouble most of the night . He allowed three runs and seven hits , while striking out 11 and walking three . In his previous outing against the White Sox , he pitched a two - hitter while striking out eight . After a 2-hour , 21-minute rain delay , Parra led off the game with a home run to right . It was the fourth time in his career he led off a game with a home run and it was his fifth	False
Chapman was disappointed he walked Alonso . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) pitched the ninth	True
O'Sullivan , making his third start for the season for the Padres , went six innings and allowed one run on five hits . He walked five and struck out one . Reds center fielder Derrick Robinson led off the fifth	True
O'Sullivan , making his third start for the season for the Padres , went six innings and allowed one run on five hits . He walked five and struck out one . Reds center fielder Derrick Robinson led off the fifth with a triple off the fence in left-center . He scored when Cesar Izturis hit a grounder to first	False
That snapped a scoreless streak of 22 innings for the Reds going back to the second inning of Saturday night 's game against the Dodgers in Los Angeles . They have scored just three runs in their past four games . Cincinnati loaded the bases in the fifth	True
Cincinnati loaded the bases in the fifth , but O'Sullivan got Devin Mesoraco to hit a grounder to short . The teams combined to leave 15 runners on base through the first five innings -- nine for the Reds . They also left the bases loaded in the first	True
Cincinnati loaded the bases in the fifth , but O'Sullivan got Devin Mesoraco to hit a grounder to short . The teams combined to leave 15 runners on base through the first five innings -- nine for the Reds . They also left the bases loaded in the first , while the Padres left them loaded in the third	True
The teams combined to leave 15 runners on base through the first five innings -- nine for the Reds . They also left the bases loaded in the first , while the Padres left them loaded in the third . Leake got Mark Kotsay to ground to first baseman Joey Votto with the bases loaded to end the third	True
Leake got Mark Kotsay to ground to first baseman Joey Votto with the bases loaded to end the third . The only batter to reach after the third	True
Leake got Mark Kotsay to ground to first baseman Joey Votto with the bases loaded to end the third . The only batter to reach after the third against Leake was Everth Cabrera , who got on with an infield single leading off the fifth	True
MIAMI -- With 13 strikeouts through eight innings , Jose Fernandez wanted to keep pitching . The Miami Marlins rookie told manager Mike Redmond he was going back out for the ninth	True
The Miami Marlins rookie told manager Mike Redmond he was going back out for the ninth . When Redmond said no and the game went to the bottom of the ninth	True
Tino Martinez resigned as Miami 's hitting coach following the game , hours after complaints by players that he verbally abused them became public . The young Marlins rank last in the majors in runs , home runs , batting and slugging . Miami mustered just enough offense for Fernandez . He retired the side in order in the eighth	True
Redmond said the decision to lift Fernandez was n't easy . The move nearly backfired . Steve Cishek gave up a single and a walk in the ninth	True
The only hit against Cingrani was a two - out single through the box in the third inning by Dodgers pitcher Chris Capuano -- his first hit of the season . Mark Ellis followed with a towering drive toward the left-field corner that Chris Heisey caught in front of the short fence . Los Angeles did n't get another baserunner against the 24-year-old left-hander until Puig walked on a full count leading off the seventh	True
Capuano held the Reds to three hits over 6 2/3 innings . The left-hander retired 15 of his first 16 batters , less than 24 hours after teammate Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched two - hit ball over seven innings and retired his final 13 in a 4 - 1 victory . Joey Votto 's two - out single in the first	True
Capuano held the Reds to three hits over 6 2/3 innings . The left-hander retired 15 of his first 16 batters , less than 24 hours after teammate Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched two - hit ball over seven innings and retired his final 13 in a 4 - 1 victory . Joey Votto 's two - out single in the first was Cincinnati 's only hit until Mesoraco snapped a string of 13 straight Cincinnati outs with a leadoff double in the sixth	True
Capuano held the Reds to three hits over 6 2/3 innings . The left-hander retired 15 of his first 16 batters , less than 24 hours after teammate Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched two - hit ball over seven innings and retired his final 13 in a 4 - 1 victory . Joey Votto 's two - out single in the first was Cincinnati 's only hit until Mesoraco snapped a string of 13 straight Cincinnati outs with a leadoff double in the sixth . Mesoraco advanced to third	False
Joey Votto 's two - out single in the first was Cincinnati 's only hit until Mesoraco snapped a string of 13 straight Cincinnati outs with a leadoff double in the sixth . Mesoraco advanced to third on Cingrani 's sacrifice bunt , and Reds manager Dusty Baker put on a suicide squeeze with Derrick Robinson at the plate . Mesoraco had to return to third	False
Mesoraco had to return to third after the rookie fouled off an 0 - 1 pitch , and was retired in a rundown after Robinson grounded to third baseman Juan Uribe with the infield playing in . The Reds wasted another leadoff double in the seventh	True
Encarnacion hit two home runs in one inning , including his sixth career grand slam , Jose Reyes , Adam Lind and Brett Lawrie also went deep and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 12 - 6 on Friday night . Encarnacion became the first Blue Jays player in nearly 20 years to homer twice in the same inning when he accomplished the feat in the seventh	True
Encarnacion became the first Blue Jays player in nearly 20 years to homer twice in the same inning when he accomplished the feat in the seventh against Paul Clemens ( 4 - 4 ) and Hector Ambriz . The last to do it was Joe Carter , who went deep twice in the second	True
Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win , handing the Astros their 21st loss in 26 games . Toronto trailed 6 - 4 to begin the seventh	True
Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win , handing the Astros their 21st loss in 26 games . Toronto trailed 6 - 4 to begin the seventh before Encarnacion and Lind tied it 6 - 6 with back-to-back homers off Clemens , the second time this season the Blue Jays have gone back-to-back . Lind 's homer was his 12th	False
Houston lost for the sixth straight game started by Jordan Lyles . The right-hander allowed four runs and nine hits in five - plus innings , walked three and struck out one . The Astros opened the scoring when Krauss connected off Dickey in the second	True
Dickey is tied with Angels right-hander Joe Blanton for the most home runs allowed in the majors this season . Toronto tied it with two in the third	True
Dickey is tied with Angels right-hander Joe Blanton for the most home runs allowed in the majors this season . Toronto tied it with two in the third . Reyes hit a solo homer , his seventh	False
Dickey is tied with Angels right-hander Joe Blanton for the most home runs allowed in the majors this season . Toronto tied it with two in the third . Reyes hit a solo homer , his seventh , before Cabrera doubled , moved to third	False
Toronto tied it with two in the third . Reyes hit a solo homer , his seventh , before Cabrera doubled , moved to third on a balk and scored on Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Krauss put the Astros back in front with a two - run double in the fourth	False
Toronto tied it with two in the third . Reyes hit a solo homer , his seventh , before Cabrera doubled , moved to third on a balk and scored on Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Krauss put the Astros back in front with a two - run double in the fourth , but Houston could n't hold the lead . Lawrie cut it to 4 - 3 with a solo homer off Lyles in the fifth	False
Toronto tied it with two in the third . Reyes hit a solo homer , his seventh , before Cabrera doubled , moved to third on a balk and scored on Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Krauss put the Astros back in front with a two - run double in the fourth , but Houston could n't hold the lead . Lawrie cut it to 4 - 3 with a solo homer off Lyles in the fifth , his seventh	False
Toronto tied it with two in the third . Reyes hit a solo homer , his seventh , before Cabrera doubled , moved to third on a balk and scored on Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Krauss put the Astros back in front with a two - run double in the fourth , but Houston could n't hold the lead . Lawrie cut it to 4 - 3 with a solo homer off Lyles in the fifth , his seventh , and Rasmus made it 4-all with an RBI double in the fifth	False
Krauss put the Astros back in front with a two - run double in the fourth , but Houston could n't hold the lead . Lawrie cut it to 4 - 3 with a solo homer off Lyles in the fifth , his seventh , and Rasmus made it 4-all with an RBI double in the fifth . Houston responded again in the top of the sixth	False
Krauss put the Astros back in front with a two - run double in the fourth , but Houston could n't hold the lead . Lawrie cut it to 4 - 3 with a solo homer off Lyles in the fifth , his seventh , and Rasmus made it 4-all with an RBI double in the fifth . Houston responded again in the top of the sixth . Brett Wallace led off with a double , moved to third	False
Houston responded again in the top of the sixth . Brett Wallace led off with a double , moved to third on J. D. Martinez 's single and scored when Krauss grounded into a double play . Jason Castro padded Houston 's lead with an RBI single in the top of the seventh	False
Venable doubled twice Thursday , raising his career average at Milwaukee 's home ballpark to .394 . The San Diego center fielder also made a key catch in preserving the Padres ' 10 - 8 win over the Brewers . After the Brewers scored five times in the seventh inning , Norichika Aoki came up with two outs and runners on second	False
Venable doubled twice Thursday , raising his career average at Milwaukee 's home ballpark to .394 . The San Diego center fielder also made a key catch in preserving the Padres ' 10 - 8 win over the Brewers . After the Brewers scored five times in the seventh inning , Norichika Aoki came up with two outs and runners on second and third	False
The brief outing marked the second time in his last five starts that Gallardo lasted fewer than four innings . Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
The brief outing marked the second time in his last five starts that Gallardo lasted fewer than four innings . Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first , then hit a two - run homer in the third	True
The brief outing marked the second time in his last five starts that Gallardo lasted fewer than four innings . Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first , then hit a two - run homer in the third . Yonder Alonso doubled and scored in the third	True
The brief outing marked the second time in his last five starts that Gallardo lasted fewer than four innings . Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first , then hit a two - run homer in the third . Yonder Alonso doubled and scored in the third and added a two - run double in the fourth	False
Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first , then hit a two - run homer in the third . Yonder Alonso doubled and scored in the third and added a two - run double in the fourth for a 6 - 0 lead . Yuniesky Betancourt homered in the Milwaukee fourth	True
Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first , then hit a two - run homer in the third . Yonder Alonso doubled and scored in the third and added a two - run double in the fourth for a 6 - 0 lead . Yuniesky Betancourt homered in the Milwaukee fourth and Carlos Gomez connected in the sixth	False
Yuniesky Betancourt homered in the Milwaukee fourth and Carlos Gomez connected in the sixth . The Padres got four runs in the seventh	False
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Eric Hosmer was looking to make amends for his error that led to two unearned runs . Hosmer hit two homers and Alcides Escobar drove in the winning run in the ninth	True
Hosmer hit two homers and Alcides Escobar drove in the winning run in the ninth to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night . After Hosmer failed to handle Adam Jones ' bouncer in the fourth	True
But he entered the game with only one home run in 104 at-bats off left-handers . Hosmer homered in the first	True
But he entered the game with only one home run in 104 at-bats off left-handers . Hosmer homered in the first and his two - run home run in the eighth tied the score at 3 . It was Hosmer 's third career multi-homer game and his second	False
Hosmer homered in the first and his two - run home run in the eighth tied the score at 3 . It was Hosmer 's third career multi-homer game and his second this season . David Lough singled and scored the game-ending run when Escobar doubled off the fence in left-center with one out in the ninth	True
Instead , Nate McLouth nearly caught it at the wall . Instead , the ball kicked away off the top padding , giving Lough enough time to score from first	False
Instead , the ball kicked away off the top padding , giving Lough enough time to score from first . Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , while Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) , picked up the victory after working a scoreless ninth	True
Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , while Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) , picked up the victory after working a scoreless ninth . Chen , who went on the disabled list May 13 with a right oblique strain before returning July 10 , departed after Hosmer 's second home run with Lorenzo Cain aboard with one out in the eighth	True
Chen gave up a home run to Hosmer on a full-count pitch in the first inning . Chen had not permitted a home run in his previous four starts . He retired the next 12 hitters after Hosmer 's first home run until Escobar 's single in the fifth	True
A bevy of scouts were in attendance to watch Santana . The right-hander can be a free agent after this season and it has been reported he would be dealt before the July 31 trading deadline without a player having to clear waivers . Santana gave up three runs , only one earned , on seven hits in eight innings to lower his ERA to 3.06 , which ranks eighth	False
Santana gave up three runs , only one earned , on seven hits in eight innings to lower his ERA to 3.06 , which ranks eighth in the American League . The Orioles added a run in the eighth	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Chris Herrmann was shagging balls in right field during batting practice when he noticed manager Ron Gardenhire waving to get his attention . He sprinted off the field and was told that he , instead of Joe Mauer , was going to catch Kyle Gibson . Fate has a way of making special things happen , and Tuesday night was a perfect example . Herrmann filled in for expectant father Mauer , coaxing Gibson through a tough fourth inning and then hitting his first career grand slam in a seven - run 10th	True
Fate has a way of making special things happen , and Tuesday night was a perfect example . Herrmann filled in for expectant father Mauer , coaxing Gibson through a tough fourth inning and then hitting his first career grand slam in a seven - run 10th to help send the Minnesota Twins past the Los Angeles Angels 10 - 3 . Mauer was scratched just before game time and left the team to be with his wife , Maddie , who went into labor with twins -- naturally . As a result , Herrmann made his seventh start behind the plate in the majors and fourth	True
Mauer was scratched just before game time and left the team to be with his wife , Maddie , who went into labor with twins -- naturally . As a result , Herrmann made his seventh start behind the plate in the majors and fourth this season . Ryan Doumit snapped a 3-all tie in the 10th	True
Ryan Doumit snapped a 3-all tie in the 10th with an RBI double against Angels closer Ernesto Frieri ( 0 - 2 ) . Herrmann followed a one - out intentional walk to Clete Thomas with his second big league homer and Minnesota 's first grand slam since Mauer 's shot off Kansas City 's Luke Hochevar last Sept. 1 . Twins No . 9 batter Pedro Florimon capped the rally with his sixth homer , a two - run shot against Billy Buckner . Florimon also had an RBI groundout in the seventh	True
Albert Pujols and Mark Trumbo homered for Los Angeles . Casey Fien retired Howie Kendrick on an inning-ending double play in the eighth	True
Albert Pujols and Mark Trumbo homered for Los Angeles . Casey Fien retired Howie Kendrick on an inning-ending double play in the eighth with two on . But All-Star closer Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) allowed the tying run in the ninth	True
Casey Fien retired Howie Kendrick on an inning-ending double play in the eighth with two on . But All-Star closer Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) allowed the tying run in the ninth on a bases-loaded walk to Erick Aybar before retiring J. B. Shuck on an inning-ending double play -- the Angels ' major league-worst 99th . The blown save was the left-hander 's third	False
The blown save was the left-hander 's third in 27 chances , and it snapped his scoreless streak at 19 2/3 innings . Justin Morneau singled with one out in the Twins ' eighth	True
Angels right fielder Josh Hamilton missed his second straight game because of stiffness in his right ankle . Gibson allowed two runs and five hits through six innings . He struck out four . The right-hander , who did not allow a home run in 22 1/3 innings over his four previous big league starts , gave up two in the fourth	True
Los Angeles starter Tommy Hanson threw 76 pitches over 5 1/3 innings in his first start off the disabled list , allowing a run and four hits with eight strikeouts and no walks . The right-hander had been sidelined since June 21 because of a forearm strain . Scott Downs , who has n't given up an earned run in 32 career innings against the Twins spanning 31 appearances , completed the sixth	True
Scott Downs , who has n't given up an earned run in 32 career innings against the Twins spanning 31 appearances , completed the sixth after walking his first batter . The left-hander has n't been scored on in his past 29 appearances overall , one shy of Francisco Rodriguez 's franchise record . Dane De La Rosa could n't hold the lead , however , giving up the tying run in the seventh	True
He struck out against Dane De La Rosa but more than made up for that disappointment in the bottom half by robbing pinch hitter Chris Iannetta of a go-ahead homer to help the Minnesota Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Monday night and hand Joe Blanton his major league-worst 13th defeat . Casey Fien gave up two hits in the eighth	True
Casey Fien gave up two hits in the eighth and was replaced by All-Star closer Glen Perkins . Pinch hitter Collin Cowgill greeted the left-hander with an RBI single , and Iannetta drove the next pitch on a high arc toward the left-field fence , where Thomas made a leaping grab . `` Instead of being down by two in the ninth	True
`` Instead of being down by two in the ninth , we were up by one . I knew I had a chance , as long as I had room and had a good read on the ball . I had it the whole way . It was awesome . '' Perkins escaped with his 24th save in 26 chances , extending his scoreless streak to 19 1/3 innings after striking out Albert Pujols and Howie Kendrick in the ninth	True
Samuel Deduno ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs , four hits and five walks over seven innings while striking out five on the anniversary of his first big league victory . The 30-year-old right-hander faced a lineup missing cleanup hitter Josh Hamilton because of stiffness in his right ankle . The Angels wasted a leadoff triple in the seventh	True
The Twins grabbed a 4 - 2 lead with a pair of fourth-inning runs . Thomas put them ahead with his fourth homer and the 24th allowed by Blanton , who leads the majors in that department . Shuck threw out Aaron Hicks at the plate from left field as he tried to score from second	False
The Angels opened the scoring in the first without the benefit of a hit . Deduno walked his first two batters , both advanced on a hit-and-run groundout by Pujols and Kendrick drove in Shuck with a sacrifice fly . Minnesota took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Angels opened the scoring in the first without the benefit of a hit . Deduno walked his first two batters , both advanced on a hit-and-run groundout by Pujols and Kendrick drove in Shuck with a sacrifice fly . Minnesota took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on two - out RBI doubles by Thomas and Hicks , the eighth	False
The Angels opened the scoring in the first without the benefit of a hit . Deduno walked his first two batters , both advanced on a hit-and-run groundout by Pujols and Kendrick drove in Shuck with a sacrifice fly . Minnesota took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on two - out RBI doubles by Thomas and Hicks , the eighth and ninth hitters , but the Angels tied it in the third	False
Second-place Pittsburgh left town with a three - game cushion over the NL Central-rival Reds , who won the first two games . Locke ( 9 - 2 ) and the majors ' second-stingiest bullpen limited the Reds to three singles , but issued seven walks and let a run score on a wild pitch . Jason Grilli worked the ninth	True
Locke had to miss his last scheduled start and could n't pitch in the All-Star game because of a sore back . There were no problems when he got back on the mound . Bailey ( 5 - 9 ) struck out a career-high 12 but remained winless since his no-hitter against San Francisco at Great American Ball Park this month . Jones hit his second homer in two games , and the Pirates added a pair of runs in the seventh	True
They came away from their weekend series bunched a bit closer in their chase of division-leading St. Louis . Bailey threw the first	True
Locke walked a pair and threw a wild pitch that let in a run in the fifth inning . He lowered his ERA to 2.11 . The Reds got another run in the eighth	True
The Reds got another run in the eighth when Joey Votto grounded into a double play with the bases loaded against Mark Melancon , ending the reliever 's streak of 15 scoreless innings . It was Cincinnati 's best chance to pull off the three - game sweep . First baseman Gaby Sanchez , a late defensive replacement , started the double play , with Melancon covering first	False
First baseman Gaby Sanchez , a late defensive replacement , started the double play , with Melancon covering first to take the relay and finish it . Pittsburgh scored twice in the seventh	True
Said Mets captain David Wright : `` If this is the most he 's going to have to deal with in his career , it 's going to be smooth sailing . '' Wright and Marlon Byrd made Harvey 's day a bit easier , connecting in the first	True
Byrd followed Wright 's homer off the dark metal railing atop the new left-field wall with a no-doubter into the second deck against Cliff Lee ( 10 - 4 ) . Wright 's homer was upheld by a video review . Juan Lagares also needed replay to confirm his three - run drive in the fourth	True
Wright 's homer was upheld by a video review . Juan Lagares also needed replay to confirm his three - run drive in the fourth that hit the same metal fence in left field as Wright 's did . His shot gave New York a 5 - 0 lead against the 2008 AL Cy Young Award winner . Lagares made a running catch in center field with Delmon Young on third base in the seventh	True
The Mets snapped their seven - game skid against the Phillies at Citi Field with a 5 - 4 victory Saturday , and the win Sunday left Philadelphia below .500 at 49 - 50 . In his first outing since starting the All-Star game on his home mound , Harvey ( 8 - 2 ) hit a batter with a pitch in the first inning -- just as he did Tuesday night when he nailed Yankees slugger Robinson Cano . But plunking Chase Utley with a 99 mph fastball was about the only mistake Harvey made until Utley singled with one out in the fourth	True
In his first outing since starting the All-Star game on his home mound , Harvey ( 8 - 2 ) hit a batter with a pitch in the first inning -- just as he did Tuesday night when he nailed Yankees slugger Robinson Cano . But plunking Chase Utley with a 99 mph fastball was about the only mistake Harvey made until Utley singled with one out in the fourth . Harvey also allowed a single to Michael Young in the sixth	True
At the All-Star game , Harvey said he was looking forward to meeting Lee . Whether or not the two pitchers spent any quality time together at the chaotic Midsummer Classic , Harvey certainly impressed Lee , who was making his 300th start . Repeatedly reaching 99 mph on the scoreboard radar on Dwight Gooden bobblehead day , Harvey struck out the side in the third	True
At the All-Star game , Harvey said he was looking forward to meeting Lee . Whether or not the two pitchers spent any quality time together at the chaotic Midsummer Classic , Harvey certainly impressed Lee , who was making his 300th start . Repeatedly reaching 99 mph on the scoreboard radar on Dwight Gooden bobblehead day , Harvey struck out the side in the third and fifth	True
At the All-Star game , Harvey said he was looking forward to meeting Lee . Whether or not the two pitchers spent any quality time together at the chaotic Midsummer Classic , Harvey certainly impressed Lee , who was making his 300th start . Repeatedly reaching 99 mph on the scoreboard radar on Dwight Gooden bobblehead day , Harvey struck out the side in the third and fifth and threw a 100 mph pitch during a strikeout of Domonic Brown in the fourth	True
Repeatedly reaching 99 mph on the scoreboard radar on Dwight Gooden bobblehead day , Harvey struck out the side in the third and fifth and threw a 100 mph pitch during a strikeout of Domonic Brown in the fourth . Harvey struck out Brown three times , the final one his 10th	True
Wright 's 15th homer hit high off the added fencing to protect fans and was confirmed after a review of 1 minute , 27 seconds . Lagares ' liner was more questionable , hitting just above the orange line that tops the padded wall . Wright led off the fourth	True
Tillman ( 12 - 3 ) , who was added to the AL All-Star team as an injury replacement but did not pitch Tuesday night at Citi Field , gave up two runs and six hits while striking out seven . He held the slumping Rangers , who have lost four in a row and seven of eight , in check until Adrian Beltre chased him with a leadoff homer in the ninth	True
Brian Roberts singled to make it 2 - 0 , but Perez got out of the jam with consecutive strikeouts and a groundout . In the third	True
In the third , Wieters doubled past a diving Beltre at third base and J. J. Hardy put the Orioles up 3 - 0 with a double that sailed over Craig Gentry 's head in center field . Baltimore added its fourth run in the fourth	True
Baltimore added its fourth run in the fourth . Roberts started the inning with a double and scored on Manny Machado 's single that caromed off Perez 's glove and into center field . Texas scored in the fifth	True
Baltimore added its fourth run in the fourth . Roberts started the inning with a double and scored on Manny Machado 's single that caromed off Perez 's glove and into center field . Texas scored in the fifth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single to right , but Murphy got caught in a rundown between third	False
Baltimore added its fourth run in the fourth . Roberts started the inning with a double and scored on Manny Machado 's single that caromed off Perez 's glove and into center field . Texas scored in the fifth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single to right , but Murphy got caught in a rundown between third and home and was tagged out by Wieters . That made it twice in three games that a Rangers runner was thrown out after rounding third	False
Texas scored in the fifth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single to right , but Murphy got caught in a rundown between third and home and was tagged out by Wieters . That made it twice in three games that a Rangers runner was thrown out after rounding third and trying to get back to the bag . Beltre 's home run was the first	False
David Price ( 4 - 5 ) pitched seven innings for the win , improving to 7 - 0 in eight career starts at Rogers Centre . Price is 13 - 2 with a 2.45 ERA in 17 career starts against Toronto . Johnson singled off Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) to begin the eighth	True
David Price ( 4 - 5 ) pitched seven innings for the win , improving to 7 - 0 in eight career starts at Rogers Centre . Price is 13 - 2 with a 2.45 ERA in 17 career starts against Toronto . Johnson singled off Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) to begin the eighth , bringing Delabar on in relief . Pinch hitter Sean Rodriguez advanced Johnson with a sacrifice bunt and Jose Molina flied out before Roberts hit an RBI single . Roberts took second	False
David Price ( 4 - 5 ) pitched seven innings for the win , improving to 7 - 0 in eight career starts at Rogers Centre . Price is 13 - 2 with a 2.45 ERA in 17 career starts against Toronto . Johnson singled off Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) to begin the eighth , bringing Delabar on in relief . Pinch hitter Sean Rodriguez advanced Johnson with a sacrifice bunt and Jose Molina flied out before Roberts hit an RBI single . Roberts took second on the throw and went to third	False
Roberts was recalled from Triple-A Durham earlier Friday to take the place of James Loney , who 's on the paternity list . Joel Peralta worked the eighth	True
Roberts was recalled from Triple-A Durham earlier Friday to take the place of James Loney , who 's on the paternity list . Joel Peralta worked the eighth and Jake McGee surrendered Lawrie 's sixth homer in the ninth	True
The left-hander was hit hard early , allowing three homers in the first three innings , but gave up just one single the rest of the way . Two pitches after Bautista flied out to the warning track in the first	True
Two pitches after Bautista flied out to the warning track in the first , Encarnacion gave Toronto an early lead with a second-deck homer , his 26th . Zobrist tied it with a one - out shot in the third	True
Two pitches after Bautista flied out to the warning track in the first , Encarnacion gave Toronto an early lead with a second-deck homer , his 26th . Zobrist tied it with a one - out shot in the third , his seventh	False
One out later , Price walked Mark DeRosa , snapping a streak of 99 batters faced without issuing a base on balls . Rajai Davis and Maicer Izturis singled to load the bases , but Colby Rasmus popped out to end the inning . Myers cut it to 4 - 2 with a leadoff blast in the fourth	True
One out later , Price walked Mark DeRosa , snapping a streak of 99 batters faced without issuing a base on balls . Rajai Davis and Maicer Izturis singled to load the bases , but Colby Rasmus popped out to end the inning . Myers cut it to 4 - 2 with a leadoff blast in the fourth , his fourth	False
One out later , Price walked Mark DeRosa , snapping a streak of 99 batters faced without issuing a base on balls . Rajai Davis and Maicer Izturis singled to load the bases , but Colby Rasmus popped out to end the inning . Myers cut it to 4 - 2 with a leadoff blast in the fourth , his fourth , and the Rays tied it with two more solo shots in the sixth	True
One out later , Price walked Mark DeRosa , snapping a streak of 99 batters faced without issuing a base on balls . Rajai Davis and Maicer Izturis singled to load the bases , but Colby Rasmus popped out to end the inning . Myers cut it to 4 - 2 with a leadoff blast in the fourth , his fourth , and the Rays tied it with two more solo shots in the sixth . Longoria led off with his 19th and Johnson hit a two - out blast , his 14th	False
All four Rays homers came off Rogers , who allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings , walked none and struck out three . Rogers has allowed seven home runs in two winless starts against Tampa Bay this season . The Rays made it 8 - 4 with two runs off Neil Wagner in the ninth	True
Santana , who can be a free agent after the season and widely has been speculated to be traded before the July 31 deadline without a player clearing waivers , did not allow a runner to reach second base . He walked one and struck out six . Santana ( 6 - 6 ) , who was coming off his worst outing of the season , when he allowed eight runs on 10 hits in a July 11 loss at Cleveland , retired the first 10 Tigers before Torii Hunter 's one - out single in the fourth	True
Santana ( 6 - 6 ) , who was coming off his worst outing of the season , when he allowed eight runs on 10 hits in a July 11 loss at Cleveland , retired the first 10 Tigers before Torii Hunter 's one - out single in the fourth . Kelvin Herrera , who was just recalled from Triple-A Omaha , replaced Santana in the eighth	True
Kelvin Herrera , who was just recalled from Triple-A Omaha , replaced Santana in the eighth after he walked Jhonny Peralta with one out . Herrera retired Andy Dirks on a grounder and struck out Alex Avila looking . Greg Holland worked a flawless ninth	True
Greg Holland worked a flawless ninth for his 23rd save in 25 opportunities , striking out one . He has been perfect in his past 16 save chances . Alex Gordon led off the Royals ' first	True
Greg Holland worked a flawless ninth for his 23rd save in 25 opportunities , striking out one . He has been perfect in his past 16 save chances . Alex Gordon led off the Royals ' first with a single to right , stole second	False
`` I kept the score right there ( after the first-inning run ) . You have to give them credit sometimes . Santana threw a good ballgame . '' The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the sixth	True
The hitting came early : Four runs the first two innings against Kennedy . Carlos Gomez hit a two - run single in the first inning , Schafer drove in another run in the second	True
The hitting came early : Four runs the first two innings against Kennedy . Carlos Gomez hit a two - run single in the first inning , Schafer drove in another run in the second with a sacrifice bunt and added a solo homer in the fifth	True
A dud to finish , yes , but the Diamondbacks still head into the break leading the NL West , 2 games ahead of the Dodgers at 50 - 45 . Peralta , who tossed a three - hitter against Cincinnati his last start , worked around base runners through the first four innings with the help of two double plays and a pickoff by catcher Martin Maldonado after Adam Eaton strayed too far off first	False
A dud to finish , yes , but the Diamondbacks still head into the break leading the NL West , 2 games ahead of the Dodgers at 50 - 45 . Peralta , who tossed a three - hitter against Cincinnati his last start , worked around base runners through the first four innings with the help of two double plays and a pickoff by catcher Martin Maldonado after Adam Eaton strayed too far off first in the third	True
Peralta , who tossed a three - hitter against Cincinnati his last start , worked around base runners through the first four innings with the help of two double plays and a pickoff by catcher Martin Maldonado after Adam Eaton strayed too far off first in the third . The right-hander extended his scoreless streak to 19 1/3 innings until Montero hit his first pitch of the fifth	True
The right-hander extended his scoreless streak to 19 1/3 innings until Montero hit his first pitch of the fifth for his eighth homer . Peralta stranded runners at second	False
The right-hander extended his scoreless streak to 19 1/3 innings until Montero hit his first pitch of the fifth for his eighth homer . Peralta stranded runners at second and third	False
The right-hander extended his scoreless streak to 19 1/3 innings until Montero hit his first pitch of the fifth for his eighth homer . Peralta stranded runners at second and third in the sixth inning and worked around another runner in the seventh	True
The Yankees made two errors that led to five unearned runs . They also hit into four double plays -- two on baserunning blunders by Zoilo Almonte -- in making it plenty easy for the Twins in the teams ' final game before the All-Star break . The fans let New York know their displeasure , booing relentlessly after the Yankees fell behind 8 - 1 in the fourth	True
Sabathia gave up a season-high eight runs -- three earned -- and matched his low of four innings this year . Lyle Overbay could n't handle Doumit 's two - out hot shot to first base with the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Lyle Overbay could n't handle Doumit 's two - out hot shot to first base with the bases loaded in the fourth for an error to let in two runs to make it 8 - 1 . The previous batter , Morneau hit a popup in between the mound and second base that was just out of a lunging Sabathia 's reach . Sabathia slid on his knees after missing the ball as Jamey Carroll scored . In the third	True
Sabathia shouted and Nunez took off his glove and held his hand on his hip as Hicks rounded the bases with his eighth homer of the year . In the first inning , Almonte burst off first base on Cano 's sharp liner to right and was doubled off to end the inning . The rookie tried tagging up on a routine fly to left field in the third	True
Almonte reached on second baseman Brian Dozier 's fielding error and advanced on Cano 's RBI single that made it 5 - 1 and a groundout . Carroll -- in the lineup because he was 4 for 10 against Sabathia -- and Pedro Florimon had RBI singles in the second	True
Carroll -- in the lineup because he was 4 for 10 against Sabathia -- and Pedro Florimon had RBI singles in the second . Ichiro Suzuki , who had three hits , homered in the seventh	True
Carroll -- in the lineup because he was 4 for 10 against Sabathia -- and Pedro Florimon had RBI singles in the second . Ichiro Suzuki , who had three hits , homered in the seventh to make it 8 - 4 . Dozier had an RBI double in the eighth	False
Carroll -- in the lineup because he was 4 for 10 against Sabathia -- and Pedro Florimon had RBI singles in the second . Ichiro Suzuki , who had three hits , homered in the seventh to make it 8 - 4 . Dozier had an RBI double in the eighth and Yankees catcher Chris Stewart 's passed ball allowed one more in the ninth	False
New York jumped on top in the first inning when Ichiro Suzuki doubled and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Deduno got Vernon Wells to ground into an inning-ending double play and settled in from there . The right-hander , who pitched the Dominican Republic to the World Baseball Classic championship in March , received some help when Doumit caught Zoilo Almonte stealing second	False
New York jumped on top in the first inning when Ichiro Suzuki doubled and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Deduno got Vernon Wells to ground into an inning-ending double play and settled in from there . The right-hander , who pitched the Dominican Republic to the World Baseball Classic championship in March , received some help when Doumit caught Zoilo Almonte stealing second with a runner on third	False
New York jumped on top in the first inning when Ichiro Suzuki doubled and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Deduno got Vernon Wells to ground into an inning-ending double play and settled in from there . The right-hander , who pitched the Dominican Republic to the World Baseball Classic championship in March , received some help when Doumit caught Zoilo Almonte stealing second with a runner on third to end the fourth	True
New York jumped on top in the first inning when Ichiro Suzuki doubled and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Deduno got Vernon Wells to ground into an inning-ending double play and settled in from there . The right-hander , who pitched the Dominican Republic to the World Baseball Classic championship in March , received some help when Doumit caught Zoilo Almonte stealing second with a runner on third to end the fourth . Deduno struck out Suzuki with two on to finish the fifth	True
New York jumped on top in the first inning when Ichiro Suzuki doubled and scored on Robinson Cano 's single . Deduno got Vernon Wells to ground into an inning-ending double play and settled in from there . The right-hander , who pitched the Dominican Republic to the World Baseball Classic championship in March , received some help when Doumit caught Zoilo Almonte stealing second with a runner on third to end the fourth . Deduno struck out Suzuki with two on to finish the fifth and worked around a one - out double in the seventh	True
The right-hander , who pitched the Dominican Republic to the World Baseball Classic championship in March , received some help when Doumit caught Zoilo Almonte stealing second with a runner on third to end the fourth . Deduno struck out Suzuki with two on to finish the fifth and worked around a one - out double in the seventh . Plouffe tied it in the second	True
The right-hander , who pitched the Dominican Republic to the World Baseball Classic championship in March , received some help when Doumit caught Zoilo Almonte stealing second with a runner on third to end the fourth . Deduno struck out Suzuki with two on to finish the fifth and worked around a one - out double in the seventh . Plouffe tied it in the second on a long drive to left-center and Doumit put the Twins ahead in the seventh	False
Plouffe tied it in the second on a long drive to left-center and Doumit put the Twins ahead in the seventh with a line drive to right . Gardenhire was tossed by plate umpire Vic Carapazza in the eighth	True
The A 's left six on base , while the Red Sox stranded five . John Jaso hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
The A 's left six on base , while the Red Sox stranded five . John Jaso hit an RBI single in the fifth and Jed Lowrie added a tying home run in the sixth	False
John Jaso hit an RBI single in the fifth and Jed Lowrie added a tying home run in the sixth for Oakland , which remained two games ahead of Texas in the AL West . Sean Doolittle ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one hit and hit a batter before Ryan Cook gave up Pedroia 's two - out single . Andrew Bailey , a two - time All-Star closer for the A 's from 2009 - 11 , tossed a scoreless eighth	True
John Jaso hit an RBI single in the fifth and Jed Lowrie added a tying home run in the sixth for Oakland , which remained two games ahead of Texas in the AL West . Sean Doolittle ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one hit and hit a batter before Ryan Cook gave up Pedroia 's two - out single . Andrew Bailey , a two - time All-Star closer for the A 's from 2009 - 11 , tossed a scoreless eighth . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect ninth	True
The only runs off Parker came in an inning that featured two errors and a hit batter that also took out plate umpire CB Bucknor and caused a brief delay . Third baseman Josh Donaldson 's errant throw to first allowed Mike Napoli to advance to second	False
Bucknor went down on one knee and winced in pain . Second base umpire and crew chief Bill Miller replaced Bucknor behind the plate and the game resumed with three umpires . Holt 's two - out single gave the Red Sox a 2 - 0 lead . He advanced to third	False
Bucknor went down on one knee and winced in pain . Second base umpire and crew chief Bill Miller replaced Bucknor behind the plate and the game resumed with three umpires . Holt 's two - out single gave the Red Sox a 2 - 0 lead . He advanced to third on the play when catcher Jaso threw the ball into right-center field trying to nab him at second	False
Holt 's two - out single gave the Red Sox a 2 - 0 lead . He advanced to third on the play when catcher Jaso threw the ball into right-center field trying to nab him at second , but Parker never allowed another baserunner . The A 's offense finally got going when Seth Smith doubled off the wall in left leading off the fifth	True
The A 's offense finally got going when Seth Smith doubled off the wall in left leading off the fifth for the first hit against Lackey . After Coco Crisp walked , Jaso 's single sliced Boston 's lead to 2 - 1 . Crisp advanced to third	False
The A 's offense finally got going when Seth Smith doubled off the wall in left leading off the fifth for the first hit against Lackey . After Coco Crisp walked , Jaso 's single sliced Boston 's lead to 2 - 1 . Crisp advanced to third when right fielder Shane Victorino bobbled Jaso 's hit . But Pedroia made a spectacular diving stop at second	False
Crisp advanced to third when right fielder Shane Victorino bobbled Jaso 's hit . But Pedroia made a spectacular diving stop at second on Donaldson 's grounder to start an inning-ending double play . Lowrie sent a 1 - 0 cutter from Lackey over the wall in right for the tying shot in the sixth	True
Lowrie sent a 1 - 0 cutter from Lackey over the wall in right for the tying shot in the sixth . It was Lowrie 's seventh home run this season . Victorino was hit on the base of his right thumb by Doolittle to put runners on first	False
Lowrie sent a 1 - 0 cutter from Lackey over the wall in right for the tying shot in the sixth . It was Lowrie 's seventh home run this season . Victorino was hit on the base of his right thumb by Doolittle to put runners on first and third	False
Lowrie sent a 1 - 0 cutter from Lackey over the wall in right for the tying shot in the sixth . It was Lowrie 's seventh home run this season . Victorino was hit on the base of his right thumb by Doolittle to put runners on first and third in the seventh	True
`` I'm privileged just to be his teammate . He 's that kind of guy . I just hope he can keep it going . He 's the heart and soul of this ball club , really , the way he goes about preparing , the teammate he is , the leader he is . '' Ibanez had a fourth-inning blast 438 feet into the right-field second deck -- his longest of the season -- and a 421-foot shot to center in the seventh	True
`` I'm privileged just to be his teammate . He 's that kind of guy . I just hope he can keep it going . He 's the heart and soul of this ball club , really , the way he goes about preparing , the teammate he is , the leader he is . '' Ibanez had a fourth-inning blast 438 feet into the right-field second deck -- his longest of the season -- and a 421-foot shot to center in the seventh . It was his 19th career multiple home run game -- third	False
Ibanez had a fourth-inning blast 438 feet into the right-field second deck -- his longest of the season -- and a 421-foot shot to center in the seventh . It was his 19th career multiple home run game -- third this season . He has 150 home runs with the Mariners . Ibanez , who also had an RBI double in the first	True
Jerome Williams ( 5 - 5 ) , who lasted just 3 1/3 innings , gave up six runs and seven hits . He entered 4 - 1 with a 2.74 ERA in 10 career appearances against Seattle . The Angels had back-to-back doubles in the second	True
Mark Trumbo hit a one - out double into the right-center gap . Alberto Callaspo then lofted a ball down the right-field line that landed in front of three fielders and just inside the line . Trumbo had to hold up , and could n't score . Saunders struck out the next two batters . Seager opened the second	True
Mark Trumbo hit a one - out double into the right-center gap . Alberto Callaspo then lofted a ball down the right-field line that landed in front of three fielders and just inside the line . Trumbo had to hold up , and could n't score . Saunders struck out the next two batters . Seager opened the second with a homer to right , his 15th	False
Seager opened the second with a homer to right , his 15th . That extended his hitting streak to 12 games , his third double-digit run this season . Ibanez started the Mariners ' four - run fourth	True
Ibanez started the Mariners ' four - run fourth with his first homer of the night . Mike Zunino , who had a career-high three hits , and Dustin Ackley had RBI singles in the fourth	True
Mike Zunino , who had a career-high three hits , and Dustin Ackley had RBI singles in the fourth . Another run scored on Garrett Richards ' wild pitch . Richards gave up Ibanez 's two - out shot in the seventh	True
Mike Zunino , who had a career-high three hits , and Dustin Ackley had RBI singles in the fourth . Another run scored on Garrett Richards ' wild pitch . Richards gave up Ibanez 's two - out shot in the seventh . On the next pitch , Morales homered over the center-field wall , his 14th	False
Richards gave up Ibanez 's two - out shot in the seventh . On the next pitch , Morales homered over the center-field wall , his 14th of the season . The Mariners have hit back-to-back homers six times this season , with five started by Ibanez . With Saunders gone , the Angels had a three - run eighth	True
The Pittsburgh Pirates second baseman singled up the middle off Gonzalez Germen with two outs in the 11th inning to send teammate Andrew McCutchen sprinting home with the winning run in a 3 - 2 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Mercer celebrated the first walk-off hit of his career and the sixth	False
Mercer celebrated the first walk-off hit of his career and the sixth of Pittsburgh 's stunning season by flipping his bat in the air and then running for safety . McCutchen led off the 11th	True
Mercer celebrated the first walk-off hit of his career and the sixth of Pittsburgh 's stunning season by flipping his bat in the air and then running for safety . McCutchen led off the 11th with a walk , stole second	False
Vin Mazzaro ( 5 - 2 ) retired all three batters he faced to earn the victory . Starling Marte had two of Pittsburgh 's six hits , and Pedro Alvarez added his 24th home run . Mets All-Star David Wright had two hits and extended his hitting streak to 12 games . He had an RBI single but also flied out with two runners on to end the New York 10th	True
Mets All-Star David Wright had two hits and extended his hitting streak to 12 games . He had an RBI single but also flied out with two runners on to end the New York 10th . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit his third homer of the season for New York . Germen ( 0 - 1 ) got only two outs in his first inning in the majors and took the loss . He struck out Alvarez and Gaby Sanchez with McCutchen on second	False
Still , Wright 's perceived initial snub of Alvarez was n't forgotten by Pirates fans . He was booed lustily before each at bat , even though he and Alvarez -- who will make his All-Star debut -- exchanged a handshake and a brief chat before the national anthem . Alvarez wasted little time celebrating . One batter after Jose Tabata reached on an infield single in the bottom of the first	True
It marked the eighth straight start in which Hefner gave up two earned runs or fewer , the longest streak by a Mets pitcher since Johan Santana did it over 13 starts between 2008 and 2009 . Pittsburgh 's Charlie Morton gave up two runs , six hits , and a walk with four strikeouts in his longest start since returning from elbow surgery last month . Morton rolled through five innings before Wright delivered an RBI single in the sixth	True
Davis upped his major league-leading home run total with a two - run drive in the second inning . Only Barry Bonds ( 39 in 2001 ) , Mark McGwire ( 37 in 1998 ) and Reggie Jackson ( 37 in 1969 ) hit more homers before the All-Star break . Jones connected in the third	True
Davis upped his major league-leading home run total with a two - run drive in the second inning . Only Barry Bonds ( 39 in 2001 ) , Mark McGwire ( 37 in 1998 ) and Reggie Jackson ( 37 in 1969 ) hit more homers before the All-Star break . Jones connected in the third to put the Orioles up 5 - 3 , and Hardy went deep in the sixth	True
Orioles right-hander Chris Tillman ( 11 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings . He has won seven of his last eight starts , thanks in part to some solid backing from the Baltimore offense . After Toronto 's Adam Lind hit a two - run double off Tommy Hunter with two outs in the ninth	True
Toronto went up 2 - 0 in the second inning when Colby Rasmus doubled and Arencibia connected for his first homer in 18 games since June 18 and No . 16 on the season . Davis answered in the bottom half with an opposite-field drive to left after Jones led off with a double for the first	False
Davis answered in the bottom half with an opposite-field drive to left after Jones led off with a double for the first of his three hits . The home run gave Davis 88 RBIs , breaking Boog Powell 's franchise record of 86 before the All-Star break . In the third	True
Again , the Orioles responded in the bottom half . After Manny Machado and Nick Markakis singled with one out , Jones hit his 17th homer to put Baltimore ahead for good . Hardy hit his 16th of the season after Jones and Davis singled to open the sixth	True
Salazar pitched six superb innings and won his major league debut , leading the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Thursday . Salazar , who began the season in Double-A ball , allowed just one run and two hits . The right-hander did n't give up a hit until the sixth	True
Salazar was brought up for one start . He 's headed back to Triple-A Columbus , but it may not be long before Salazar is back in Cleveland on a more permanent basis . Chris Perez gave up a run in a shaky ninth	True
Chris Perez gave up a run in a shaky ninth but got his 11th save as the Indians beat knuckleballer R. A. Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) for the second time this season . Asdrubal Cabrera homered in the first	True
Chris Perez gave up a run in a shaky ninth but got his 11th save as the Indians beat knuckleballer R. A. Dickey ( 8 - 10 ) for the second time this season . Asdrubal Cabrera homered in the first off Dickey and Lonnie Chisenhall drove in a run in Cleveland 's two - run sixth	True
Salazar 's seven strikeouts were the most by a Cleveland pitcher in his debut since Luis Tiant struck out 11 New York Yankees on July 19 , 1964 . Salazar held Toronto without a hit until the sixth	True
Salazar 's seven strikeouts were the most by a Cleveland pitcher in his debut since Luis Tiant struck out 11 New York Yankees on July 19 , 1964 . Salazar held Toronto without a hit until the sixth , when Josh Thole , batting just .108 slapped a 1 - 2 pitch into left . Salazar received a nice ovation from Cleveland fans , who have n't seen many quality starts lately from the Indians ' rotation . Munenori Kawasaki sacrificed and Salazar retired Jose Reyes on a liner to second	False
Salazar said he prayed the Indians would score in the bottom inning to get him a win , and Cleveland , which squandered some early threats against Dickey , came through with two runs . Rich Hill worked a hitless seventh	True
Salazar said he prayed the Indians would score in the bottom inning to get him a win , and Cleveland , which squandered some early threats against Dickey , came through with two runs . Rich Hill worked a hitless seventh , Cody Allen struck out the side in the eighth	True
Salazar said he prayed the Indians would score in the bottom inning to get him a win , and Cleveland , which squandered some early threats against Dickey , came through with two runs . Rich Hill worked a hitless seventh , Cody Allen struck out the side in the eighth and Perez allowed Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and put the tying run at first	False
Rich Hill worked a hitless seventh , Cody Allen struck out the side in the eighth and Perez allowed Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and put the tying run at first before getting Rajai Davis on a liner to left for the final out . The Indians pushed two runs across in the sixth	False
Chisenhall came through with a blooper to left with the bases loaded that hung in the air long enough that the runners had to freeze . When it dropped , Michael Brantley sprinted home and left fielder Davis , thinking he had a chance at a forceout at home , sailed his throw to the backstop . The ball ricocheted toward the plate , and Ryan Raburn scored from second	False
When it dropped , Michael Brantley sprinted home and left fielder Davis , thinking he had a chance at a forceout at home , sailed his throw to the backstop . The ball ricocheted toward the plate , and Ryan Raburn scored from second before the Blue Jays could retrieve it . Cleveland tacked on an insurance run in the eighth	True
Cleveland tacked on an insurance run in the eighth on Carlos Santana 's RBI triple . Cabrera , who had two hits on Wednesday to snap an 0 - for - 20 slump , drove an 0 - 2 pitch from Dickey over the wall in right in the first	True
Based on precedent , the player whose actions will get the most scrutiny is Putkonen . Sale ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs in 6 2/3 innings . Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
Sale ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs in 6 2/3 innings . Addison Reed pitched the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 chances . Detroit 's Miguel Cabrera hit his 30th homer of the year , a solo shot in the fifth	True
With the crowd booing , Ramirez hit a single to right field and then left the game himself because of cramping in his right leg . Detroit center fielder Austin Jackson could n't come up with Jeff Keppinger 's sinking liner to start the sixth	True
Phegley is 4 for 20 now -- with three homers . Sale allowed 10 hits , walked two and struck out eight . He left in the seventh	True
Sale allowed 10 hits , walked two and struck out eight . He left in the seventh after allowing a double by Torii Hunter , and Matt Lindstrom came on and got Cabrera on a flyout . Alejandro De Aza made it 6 - 3 with a homer in the eighth	False
Alejandro De Aza made it 6 - 3 with a homer in the eighth off Phil Coke . De Aza also hit a single and a double . Ramirez opened the scoring in the first	True
Alejandro De Aza made it 6 - 3 with a homer in the eighth off Phil Coke . De Aza also hit a single and a double . Ramirez opened the scoring in the first with an RBI double , but Matt Tuiasosopo put the Tigers ahead with a two - run homer in the second	True
Leake allowed four runs in just five innings during his last start July 5 in a 7 - 4 loss to Seattle , and gave up a first-inning run to Milwaukee . He then settled down , giving up Sean Halton 's first major-league home run and a walk to Jeff Bianchi in the fifth	True
Leake then retired the next 13 batters . Jonathan Lucroy reached on a one - out single in the ninth	True
Jonathan Lucroy reached on a one - out single in the ninth against Leake , and Baker turned to closer Aroldis Chapman to finish the game in a non-save situation . Shin-Soo Choo had two singles , a double and a walk . Phillips had two hits and drove in runs in the first	True
Jonathan Lucroy reached on a one - out single in the ninth against Leake , and Baker turned to closer Aroldis Chapman to finish the game in a non-save situation . Shin-Soo Choo had two singles , a double and a walk . Phillips had two hits and drove in runs in the first , third	True
Shin-Soo Choo had two singles , a double and a walk . Phillips had two hits and drove in runs in the first , third and seventh innings . Jay Bruce went 2 - for - 4 with a walk , driving in a run in the fifth	True
He was optioned to Class A Wisconsin in the Midwest League after the game to keep him pitching every fifth day , Roenicke said . Other Brewers affiliates have off days that would have gotten Hellweg off schedule , Roenicke said . The Reds made it 1 - 0 in the first	True
Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . Cincinnati got a sacrifice fly from Devin Mesoraco in the second	True
Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . Cincinnati got a sacrifice fly from Devin Mesoraco in the second and added another run in the third	True
Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . Cincinnati got a sacrifice fly from Devin Mesoraco in the second and added another run in the third when Zack Cozart scored from third	False
Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . Cincinnati got a sacrifice fly from Devin Mesoraco in the second and added another run in the third when Zack Cozart scored from third on Phillips ' groundout . Cozart scored again to make it 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
Cincinnati got a sacrifice fly from Devin Mesoraco in the second and added another run in the third when Zack Cozart scored from third on Phillips ' groundout . Cozart scored again to make it 4 - 1 in the fifth on a groundout by Bruce . Halton 's made it 4 - 2 in the bottom of the fifth	False
Halton 's made it 4 - 2 in the bottom of the fifth . Cincinnati scored twice in the seventh	False
Jacoby Ellsbury had three hits to extend his hitting streak to 18 games , currently the best in baseball , and the Red Sox knocked around Harang for seven runs and eight hits . Ortiz appeared touched by the ovation as he rumbled into second	False
Ortiz appeared touched by the ovation as he rumbled into second with the standup double . He tipped his helmet twice toward the standing fans and patting his chest as his milestone was shown on the video board . Ortiz already held the marks for the most runs scored , doubles , home runs , extra-base hits and RBIs by a designated hitter . Ortiz scored in the second	True
Ortiz appeared touched by the ovation as he rumbled into second with the standup double . He tipped his helmet twice toward the standing fans and patting his chest as his milestone was shown on the video board . Ortiz already held the marks for the most runs scored , doubles , home runs , extra-base hits and RBIs by a designated hitter . Ortiz scored in the second on Saltalamacchia 's sacrifice fly , then provided the big blow in the third	True
Ortiz scored in the second on Saltalamacchia 's sacrifice fly , then provided the big blow in the third with a two - out , two - run homer to right-center field , his second straight game going deep . Boston broke the game open in the sixth	False
Ortiz 's milestone night overshadowed one of the best starts this season by Boston 's Felix Doubront . With its bullpen taxed in the opening two games of the series , Doubront ( 6 - 3 ) provided the outing Boston needed to give its relievers a rest . Doubront took a shutout into the seventh	True
Ortiz 's milestone night overshadowed one of the best starts this season by Boston 's Felix Doubront . With its bullpen taxed in the opening two games of the series , Doubront ( 6 - 3 ) provided the outing Boston needed to give its relievers a rest . Doubront took a shutout into the seventh and silenced a Seattle offense that scored 19 runs against Boston pitching in the first two games of the series . He allowed only a pair of early singles , and a double to Michael Saunders -- the first Seattle batter to reach second base -- in the fifth	True
Doubront took a shutout into the seventh and silenced a Seattle offense that scored 19 runs against Boston pitching in the first two games of the series . He allowed only a pair of early singles , and a double to Michael Saunders -- the first Seattle batter to reach second base -- in the fifth . Seattle finally got to Doubront in the seventh	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit a three - run homer , and a quintet of relievers threw five shutout innings to make Nelson Cruz 's go-ahead single stand up in the Rangers ' 5 - 4 win over the Houston Astros . Each reliever pitched a scoreless inning apiece , starting with Burns when he escaped a jam with runners on first	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit a three - run homer , and a quintet of relievers threw five shutout innings to make Nelson Cruz 's go-ahead single stand up in the Rangers ' 5 - 4 win over the Houston Astros . Each reliever pitched a scoreless inning apiece , starting with Burns when he escaped a jam with runners on first and third	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit a three - run homer , and a quintet of relievers threw five shutout innings to make Nelson Cruz 's go-ahead single stand up in the Rangers ' 5 - 4 win over the Houston Astros . Each reliever pitched a scoreless inning apiece , starting with Burns when he escaped a jam with runners on first and third and no outs in the fifth	True
Each reliever pitched a scoreless inning apiece , starting with Burns when he escaped a jam with runners on first and third and no outs in the fifth . Soria came out for the sixth	True
Each reliever pitched a scoreless inning apiece , starting with Burns when he escaped a jam with runners on first and third and no outs in the fifth . Soria came out for the sixth , followed by right-hander Jason Frasor and left-hander Neal Cotts , who got pinch-hitter Chris Carter on a called third strike with the tying run at third	False
Each reliever pitched a scoreless inning apiece , starting with Burns when he escaped a jam with runners on first and third and no outs in the fifth . Soria came out for the sixth , followed by right-hander Jason Frasor and left-hander Neal Cotts , who got pinch-hitter Chris Carter on a called third strike with the tying run at third in the eighth	True
Soria came out for the sixth , followed by right-hander Jason Frasor and left-hander Neal Cotts , who got pinch-hitter Chris Carter on a called third strike with the tying run at third in the eighth . Closer Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
Soria came out for the sixth , followed by right-hander Jason Frasor and left-hander Neal Cotts , who got pinch-hitter Chris Carter on a called third strike with the tying run at third in the eighth . Closer Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 30 chances a day after making his sixth All-Star team and second	False
Pierzynski gave the Rangers a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning with his 8th homer , a shot into the Texas bullpen in right field after consecutive walks to Elvis Andrus and Cruz by Erik Bedard ( 3 - 5 ) . Krauss answered with his first career homer in the second	True
Cruz 's single scored Ian Kinsler for a 5 - 4 lead after Houston had pulled even in a fifth inning that included three errors , two unearned runs and two unusual double plays . Grimm allowed singles to Brandon Barnes and Matt Dominguez to start the fifth	True
Grimm allowed singles to Brandon Barnes and Matt Dominguez to start the fifth , and both moved up when Grimm 's throw on a pickoff attempt at second went into center field . The Rangers had Barnes picked off at third	False
The Rangers had Barnes picked off at third , but Jurickson Profar -- filling in for Gold Glove third baseman Adrian Beltre -- let Pierzynski 's throw from behind the plate sail past his glove into left field . Profar got the error , and Barnes scored for a 4-all tie . Grimm was replaced after a walk to No . 9 hitter Jake Elmore , and Cory Burns retired Jose Altuve on a pop out . Burns escaped the inning when Brett Wallace struck out and Elmore was tagged out by shortstop Elvis Andrus on a steal attempt after sliding past the bag at second	False
Burns was called up from Triple-A Round Rock and made the 2 1/2-hour drive to the Dallas area Sunday morning . Then he found himself in a sticky situation . Altuve botched a routine grounder from Kinsler to start the Texas fifth	True
Burns was called up from Triple-A Round Rock and made the 2 1/2-hour drive to the Dallas area Sunday morning . Then he found himself in a sticky situation . Altuve botched a routine grounder from Kinsler to start the Texas fifth . After Andrus walked , Kinsler scored for a 5 - 4 Texas lead on a single from Cruz , who was later thrown out trying to go to second	False
Altuve botched a routine grounder from Kinsler to start the Texas fifth . After Andrus walked , Kinsler scored for a 5 - 4 Texas lead on a single from Cruz , who was later thrown out trying to go to second on a deep flyout to center field by Pierzynski . J. D. Martinez had three singles for Houston but never made it to second base . He was picked off by Grimm to end the fourth	True
Buehrle has n't allowed an earned run in his past 35 2/3 innings against the Twins , dating to 2011 . Brett Cecil worked the eighth	True
The Twins have lost 17 of 23 to the Blue Jays , including eight of nine at Rogers Centre . They have n't won any of their eight series in Toronto since 2005 . Minnesota put runners at second	False
The Twins have lost 17 of 23 to the Blue Jays , including eight of nine at Rogers Centre . They have n't won any of their eight series in Toronto since 2005 . Minnesota put runners at second and third	False
The Twins have lost 17 of 23 to the Blue Jays , including eight of nine at Rogers Centre . They have n't won any of their eight series in Toronto since 2005 . Minnesota put runners at second and third with one out in the first	True
Minnesota put runners at second and third with one out in the first , but Buehrle escaped by striking out Justin Morneau and Trevor Plouffe . Toronto stranded two runners in each of the first two innings against Twins starter Kevin Correia , but Bautista got them on the board in the third	True
Toronto stranded two runners in each of the first two innings against Twins starter Kevin Correia , but Bautista got them on the board in the third with a solo homer . Maicer Izturis and Arencibia drew back-to-back walks to begin the fourth	True
Correia ( 6 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He walked three and struck out three . This was the first	False
J. C. Ramirez and Antonio Bastardo combined for five outs . Jonathan Papelbon finished for his 18th save in 22 tries . Right fielder John Mayberry Jr. helped Papelbon with a sliding catch on Brian McCann 's sinking liner for the second	False
After Lee gave up a one - out double to McCann , pinch-hitter Reed Johnson singled to chase him . Ramirez came in and allowed a sacrifice fly to Andrelton Simmons that cut it to 5 - 4 . Quintero drove an opposite-field shot out to right to make it 3 - 0 in the second	True
After Lee gave up a one - out double to McCann , pinch-hitter Reed Johnson singled to chase him . Ramirez came in and allowed a sacrifice fly to Andrelton Simmons that cut it to 5 - 4 . Quintero drove an opposite-field shot out to right to make it 3 - 0 in the second . A Braves fan dropped the ball back onto the field , and Quintero stopped at second	False
Quintero drove an opposite-field shot out to right to make it 3 - 0 in the second . A Braves fan dropped the ball back onto the field , and Quintero stopped at second before being awarded the homer . The ruling was upheld after the umpires looked at a video replay . Howard connected in the third	True
Howard connected in the third , hitting a towering shot way out to right-center for his 11th homer . Quintero 's RBI double drove in Delmon Young for a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Quintero 's RBI double drove in Delmon Young for a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth . Braves catcher Gerald Laird was ejected by plate umpire Angel Hernandez after getting called out on a pitch that appeared high and outside in the third	True
Braves catcher Gerald Laird was ejected by plate umpire Angel Hernandez after getting called out on a pitch that appeared high and outside in the third . Laird was tossed after shouting an expletive as he walked toward the dugout . He turned around and ran at Hernandez , going nose-to-nose in a heated exchange while manager Fredi Gonzalez tried to calm him . Gonzalez also was ejected . A throwing error by first baseman Freeman gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Uribe matched his career high with seven RBIs , helping the Los Angeles Dodgers rout the struggling San Francisco Giants 10 - 2 on Friday . Uribe chased Cain with a bases-clearing triple in the third	True
Uribe matched his career high with seven RBIs , helping the Los Angeles Dodgers rout the struggling San Francisco Giants 10 - 2 on Friday . Uribe chased Cain with a bases-clearing triple in the third and hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Ryu ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits over 6 2/3 innings . The left-hander was 0 - 1 with a 2.70 ERA in his previous five outings . Ryu retired 11 straight between Pablo Sandoval 's double in the third	True
Ryu ( 7 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits over 6 2/3 innings . The left-hander was 0 - 1 with a 2.70 ERA in his previous five outings . Ryu retired 11 straight between Pablo Sandoval 's double in the third and Brandon Belt 's double leading off the seventh	True
Ryu retired 11 straight between Pablo Sandoval 's double in the third and Brandon Belt 's double leading off the seventh . He also had an RBI single in the Dodgers ' six - run third inning . Pence had a run-scoring fielder 's choice in the first	True
Ryu retired 11 straight between Pablo Sandoval 's double in the third and Brandon Belt 's double leading off the seventh . He also had an RBI single in the Dodgers ' six - run third inning . Pence had a run-scoring fielder 's choice in the first , but Uribe hit a two - run double in the second	True
Ryu retired 11 straight between Pablo Sandoval 's double in the third and Brandon Belt 's double leading off the seventh . He also had an RBI single in the Dodgers ' six - run third inning . Pence had a run-scoring fielder 's choice in the first , but Uribe hit a two - run double in the second before Los Angeles broke it open in the third	False
Matt Holliday doubled twice with an RBI and Mujica rebounded for the Cardinals , who had lost eight of 11 and plummeted from the majors ' best record to second place in the NL Central entering a five - game homestand . The Marlins totaled three hits and lost for just the third time in 11 games . They flubbed a scoring chance in the fifth	True
`` They had a good game plan . They knew what they wanted to do . '' Westbrook ( 5 - 3 ) was hurt only by Logan Morrison 's 440-foot homer to straightaway center leading off the second	True
Westbrook ( 5 - 3 ) was hurt only by Logan Morrison 's 440-foot homer to straightaway center leading off the second that ended the right-hander 's streak of 23 innings without allowing an earned run at home to start the season . The sinkerballer got all three outs on ground balls five times and benefited from two double plays , one of them a bit unusual , and is 3 - 1 in his last four starts . Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the eighth	True
Westbrook ( 5 - 3 ) was hurt only by Logan Morrison 's 440-foot homer to straightaway center leading off the second that ended the right-hander 's streak of 23 innings without allowing an earned run at home to start the season . The sinkerballer got all three outs on ground balls five times and benefited from two double plays , one of them a bit unusual , and is 3 - 1 in his last four starts . Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the eighth before Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the eighth before Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth , less than 24 hours after giving up a game-tying two - run homer to the Angels ' Josh Hamilton in a 6 - 5 loss Thursday night . With runners on first	False
Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the eighth before Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth , less than 24 hours after giving up a game-tying two - run homer to the Angels ' Josh Hamilton in a 6 - 5 loss Thursday night . With runners on first and second	False
Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the eighth before Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth , less than 24 hours after giving up a game-tying two - run homer to the Angels ' Josh Hamilton in a 6 - 5 loss Thursday night . With runners on first and second and none out in the fifth	True
Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the eighth before Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth , less than 24 hours after giving up a game-tying two - run homer to the Angels ' Josh Hamilton in a 6 - 5 loss Thursday night . With runners on first and second and none out in the fifth , Turner was called out by home plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth after his sacrifice bunt attempt bounced off the plate and right to catcher Yadier Molina for a quick tagout . Molina threw to third	False
With runners on first and second and none out in the fifth , Turner was called out by home plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth after his sacrifice bunt attempt bounced off the plate and right to catcher Yadier Molina for a quick tagout . Molina threw to third and Adeiny Hechavarria was ruled out without a tag , then was in the dugout before the Marlins could react . Holliday and Craig doubled with two outs in the first	True
With runners on first and second and none out in the fifth , Turner was called out by home plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth after his sacrifice bunt attempt bounced off the plate and right to catcher Yadier Molina for a quick tagout . Molina threw to third and Adeiny Hechavarria was ruled out without a tag , then was in the dugout before the Marlins could react . Holliday and Craig doubled with two outs in the first to nearly identical drives to right-center to put the Cardinals in front . They got RBI doubles from Holliday and Matt Adams plus a sacrifice fly from Craig in the third	True
Craig is near the top of the National League with 68 RBIs and entered with a league-leading .469 average with runners in scoring position . A standing room crowd of 46,177 attracted by a Mike Shannon bobblehead giveaway gave the longtime Cardinals announcer a lengthy ovation before the seventh	True
That drive by Hairston came after Liriano knocked in the game 's first run in the top half with a single over shortstop Starlin Castro 's glove . The hit was just his fourth	False
The hit was just his fourth in 35 at-bats . It also gave him his first RBI since he was with Minnesota in 2011 and three in his career . Garrett Jones , who 's from suburban Tinley Park , Ill. , had two hits . He drove in a run and scored one before Gaby Sanchez replaced him at first	False
Garrett Jones , who 's from suburban Tinley Park , Ill. , had two hits . He drove in a run and scored one before Gaby Sanchez replaced him at first in the seventh inning . Neil Walker delivered an RBI triple and scored during a three - run third	True
For Samardzija , it was simply a rough day . The 6-foot-5 right-hander gave up five runs in six innings , allowing nine hits for the second time in three starts while walking five . It was the most for him since he issued six against St. Louis last July 28 . Samardzija could n't protect the lead after Hairston went deep off Liriano in the second	True
For Samardzija , it was simply a rough day . The 6-foot-5 right-hander gave up five runs in six innings , allowing nine hits for the second time in three starts while walking five . It was the most for him since he issued six against St. Louis last July 28 . Samardzija could n't protect the lead after Hairston went deep off Liriano in the second , immediately giving up three in the third	True
Samardzija could n't protect the lead after Hairston went deep off Liriano in the second , immediately giving up three in the third . Center fielder Dave Sappelt did n't help matters when he took a bad angle trying to cut off a drive by Walker after Marte led off with a bunt single , resulting in an RBI triple . Jones drove in a run with a single and Andrew McCutchen raced home from third	False
Samardzija could n't protect the lead after Hairston went deep off Liriano in the second , immediately giving up three in the third . Center fielder Dave Sappelt did n't help matters when he took a bad angle trying to cut off a drive by Walker after Marte led off with a bunt single , resulting in an RBI triple . Jones drove in a run with a single and Andrew McCutchen raced home from third on a double steal as Jones swiped second	False
Center fielder Dave Sappelt did n't help matters when he took a bad angle trying to cut off a drive by Walker after Marte led off with a bunt single , resulting in an RBI triple . Jones drove in a run with a single and Andrew McCutchen raced home from third on a double steal as Jones swiped second on a high throw while Russell Martin struck out , making it 4 - 2 . Chicago catcher Dioner Navarro got banged up in the eighth trying to pick Marte off third	False
Chicago catcher Dioner Navarro got banged up in the eighth trying to pick Marte off third . He said his hand hit plate umpire Vic Carapazza 's mask and his elbow hit McCutchen 's bat , leaving him numb momentarily , but he stayed in the game . Castro committed a mistake on the bases in the bottom half with the Cubs down four . He doubled with two out and got caught off second	False
Lorenzo Cain hit his first career grand slam and George Kottaras followed with a solo shot in the sixth inning for the Royals , allowing them to rally from an early 5 - 0 deficit . The Indians regained the lead on Carlos Santana 's two - run double in the seventh	True
The Indians regained the lead on Carlos Santana 's two - run double in the seventh , but the Royals answered again in the bottom half when Eric Hosmer cracked a two - run homer . Indians reliever Bryan Shaw ( 0 - 2 ) walked Kottaras to lead off the eighth	True
He came through with the biggest hit of the day . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) worked a scoreless eighth inning for the Royals , and Greg Holland worked around a single in the ninth	True
Drew Stubbs homered and drove in four runs , and Michael Brantley had four hits and also drove in a run for Cleveland , which had won five straight and pulled into first place in the wide open AL Central before losing its last two games to the Royals in wild fashion . Hosmer 's go-ahead shot in the seventh	True
Hosmer 's go-ahead shot in the seventh on Wednesday night gave Kansas City a 6 - 5 victory . Things looked good for the Indians at the start on Thursday . They took a quick lead on Brantley 's single in the first	True
Hosmer 's go-ahead shot in the seventh on Wednesday night gave Kansas City a 6 - 5 victory . Things looked good for the Indians at the start on Thursday . They took a quick lead on Brantley 's single in the first and then Stubbs made it 3 - 0 with his homer in the second	True
Things looked good for the Indians at the start on Thursday . They took a quick lead on Brantley 's single in the first and then Stubbs made it 3 - 0 with his homer in the second . James Shields put the Indians ' leadoff batter on base for the fourth time before Santana singled in the sixth	True
The prize acquisition in a blockbuster trade with Tampa Bay , Shields went 29 consecutive starts of at least six innings before lasting five against the White Sox on June 23 . His early ouster on Thursday made it fewer than six in two of his last three starts . Ubaldo Jimenez had allowed just two hits and kept the Royals in check until the sixth inning , when he led it off by walking his fourth	False
Ubaldo Jimenez had allowed just two hits and kept the Royals in check until the sixth inning , when he led it off by walking his fourth and fifth batters of the game . An error on Jimenez while trying to cover first loaded the bases with nobody out . Cain came to the plate and hit a 3 - 2 pitch to center for his first career grand slam , and the second	True
Cain came to the plate and hit a 3 - 2 pitch to center for his first career grand slam , and the second of the series by the Royals . Alex Gordon hit one in Tuesday night 's opener . Kottaras , getting the start at catcher for Perez , added his tying shot to right moments later . It was only his third	False
Kottaras , getting the start at catcher for Perez , added his tying shot to right moments later . It was only his third of the season but the second time Kottaras has been involved in back-to-back home runs : He did it with Dyson on June 23 against the White Sox . Jason Kipnis , who earlier extended his hitting streak to 15 games , drew a leadoff walk and Brantley singled off Gutierrez in the seventh	True
Hosmer matched both runs in the bottom half with his seventh homer in his last 12 games . That 's how the game remained until Perez cleared the bases with his double in the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Michael Young 's sacrifice fly in the eighth extended the Phillies ' lead to 6 - 2 . The Pirates scored twice in the eighth	True
The Pirates scored twice in the eighth on a pinch-hit RBI single by Garrett Jones and a double-play grounder by Andrew McCutchen . McCutchen 's two - run double in the third opened the scoring . The Phillies cut the deficit to 2 - 1 on Revere 's RBI single in the fifth	True
Hefner allowed four hits , struck out six and walked two in seven innings . It was his sixth start in a row permitting two or fewer earned runs . Martin Prado homered off Hefner in the seventh	True
Eric Young Jr. , Daniel Murphy , Josh Satin and Juan Lagares had three hits apiece for New York , which scored 11 runs for the second time in three days and won its third straight . The news was n't all good for the injury-riddled Mets , though . Ike Davis left with a strained muscle on his right side after hitting a sacrifice fly in the third	True
The Mets have won 10 of Wheeler 's 14 starts , and he improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.19 ERA on the road . Wheeler allowed two runs in the sixth	True
The Mets have won 10 of Wheeler 's 14 starts , and he improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.19 ERA on the road . Wheeler allowed two runs in the sixth but went back out for the seventh	True
Haren , who had been pitching well since a stint on the DL , has given up 11 earned runs over 9 2/3 innings in his last two starts . The Mets got two in the second	True
The Mets got two in the second . With one out , Travis d'Arnaud and Lagares singled . After Haren fanned Matt den Dekker , Omar Quintanilla hit a drive to right-center just beyond the reach of a diving Span for a two - run double . In the third	True
The Mets got two in the second . With one out , Travis d'Arnaud and Lagares singled . After Haren fanned Matt den Dekker , Omar Quintanilla hit a drive to right-center just beyond the reach of a diving Span for a two - run double . In the third , the Mets sent 11 batters to the plate . Young led off with a single , stole second	False
The Mets got two in the second . With one out , Travis d'Arnaud and Lagares singled . After Haren fanned Matt den Dekker , Omar Quintanilla hit a drive to right-center just beyond the reach of a diving Span for a two - run double . In the third , the Mets sent 11 batters to the plate . Young led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Murphy . With Murphy running , Satin singled to left , putting runners on first	False
The Mets got two in the second . With one out , Travis d'Arnaud and Lagares singled . After Haren fanned Matt den Dekker , Omar Quintanilla hit a drive to right-center just beyond the reach of a diving Span for a two - run double . In the third , the Mets sent 11 batters to the plate . Young led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Murphy . With Murphy running , Satin singled to left , putting runners on first and third	False
Consecutive walks , the second one to Wheeler , forced in a run , and Young capped the inning with a two - run single to make it 8 - 0 . Washington got two back in the sixth	True
Having an early lead to work with certainly helped . Jones came in hitting just .119 in August but broke out against St. Louis starter Shelby Miller ( 12 - 9 ) . Jones hit a two - run double in the first inning to give Pittsburgh the lead , added a moon shot to the seats in right field off Miller in the fourth	True
Having an early lead to work with certainly helped . Jones came in hitting just .119 in August but broke out against St. Louis starter Shelby Miller ( 12 - 9 ) . Jones hit a two - run double in the first inning to give Pittsburgh the lead , added a moon shot to the seats in right field off Miller in the fourth and followed it up with an RBI single in the fifth	True
Medlen pitched seven scoreless innings , Brian McCann hit a three - run homer and Atlanta completed a sweep of the Cleveland Indians with a 3 - 1 victory Thursday night . McCann went deep in the third	True
Medlen pitched seven scoreless innings , Brian McCann hit a three - run homer and Atlanta completed a sweep of the Cleveland Indians with a 3 - 1 victory Thursday night . McCann went deep in the third after Justin Upton kept the inning going with a two - out single . Upton had to leave the game in the sixth	True
McCann went deep in the third after Justin Upton kept the inning going with a two - out single . Upton had to leave the game in the sixth after being struck on the left hand by a pitch , but X-rays were negative . He is day to day . Medlen ( 11 - 12 ) capped a series of dominant pitching by the Braves , who surrendered just three runs in three games and maintained a commanding 13-game lead in the NL East . David Carpenter gave up a pinch-hit homer to Lonnie Chisenhall in the eighth	True
McCann went deep in the third after Justin Upton kept the inning going with a two - out single . Upton had to leave the game in the sixth after being struck on the left hand by a pitch , but X-rays were negative . He is day to day . Medlen ( 11 - 12 ) capped a series of dominant pitching by the Braves , who surrendered just three runs in three games and maintained a commanding 13-game lead in the NL East . David Carpenter gave up a pinch-hit homer to Lonnie Chisenhall in the eighth , but Craig Kimbrel worked a scoreless ninth	True
Medlen surrendered six hits in snapping a two - game losing streak , taking advantage of a team that is struggling offensively in what could be a crucial stretch of its season . The Indians have scored more than three runs only once in the last seven games as they prepare for upcoming series against AL Central-leading Detroit and playoff contender Baltimore . Cleveland did n't get more than one runner aboard in any inning until the seventh	True
Cleveland did n't get more than one runner aboard in any inning until the seventh , when Carlos Santana led off with a single and Yan Gomes reached on a hit with one out . The threat fizzled as Asdrubal Cabrera flied out to center and Mike Aviles lined out to right . With the Cleveland offense posing little threat , the biggest scare for the Braves came in the sixth	True
While rain postponed afternoon tennis matches at the U. S. Open next door , the Phillies and Mets stayed dry throughout a drab evening that matched the pace of the game . Hamels grounded a two - run single to left field off reliever Robert Carson in the fifth	True
Hamels grounded a two - run single to left field off reliever Robert Carson in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . That gave Hamels , a career .170 hitter entering the game , four RBIs this season and answered a three - run double by Niese the previous night . Rollins failed to cover third base on a third-inning popup along the third base line . Noticing that the shortstop was flat-footed , the speedy Young alertly tagged up at second	False
Ike Davis followed with an RBI single on an 0 - 2 pitch , his 10th hit in 67 at-bats ( .149 ) against left-handers to that point . Rollins made up for his gaffe with a tying double in the fourth -- but got cut down at third	False
Ike Davis followed with an RBI single on an 0 - 2 pitch , his 10th hit in 67 at-bats ( .149 ) against left-handers to that point . Rollins made up for his gaffe with a tying double in the fourth -- but got cut down at third for the third	False
Rollins made up for his gaffe with a tying double in the fourth -- but got cut down at third for the third out . It was Rollins ' first RBI in 15 games , his longest drought since August 2005 , according to STATS . A ground-rule double by Michael Young set up the Phillies in the fifth	True
The former Red Sox star was pitching in Cleveland 's farm system before he was granted his release last week . The Mets signed him to fill a hole in their injury-depleted rotation the rest of the way . Ruiz hit a solo homer off Carson in the sixth	True
Ruiz hit a solo homer off Carson in the sixth . Andrew Brown had an RBI double for the Mets in the seventh	False
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire struggled to come up with a reason for why his team lost . Stubbs homered to dead center on a 0 - 1 pitch from Jared Burton ( 2 - 7 ) to snap a 1-all tie and lift the Indians to their fifth win in six games . Joe Smith ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire struggled to come up with a reason for why his team lost . Stubbs homered to dead center on a 0 - 1 pitch from Jared Burton ( 2 - 7 ) to snap a 1-all tie and lift the Indians to their fifth win in six games . Joe Smith ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Chris Perez worked the ninth	False
Stubbs is making a habit of late-game saves . His two - run homer in the 14th inning on Wednesday was the key blow in a 4 - 1 win . Burton retired the first two hitters in the eighth	True
Stubbs is making a habit of late-game saves . His two - run homer in the 14th inning on Wednesday was the key blow in a 4 - 1 win . Burton retired the first two hitters in the eighth before Stubbs hit his ninth home run of the season to the deepest part of the ballpark . Michael Bourn turned his routine hit to center by hustling into second	False
Neither starter was involved in the decision . Kazmir allowed one run and struck out eight in six innings while Mike Pelfrey walked six in five innings , but held Cleveland to one run and two hits . The Indians , who stranded 12 baserunners , took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Indians , who stranded 12 baserunners , took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Kipnis ' RBI single . Cleveland 's shoddy defense helped Minnesota tie the game in the fifth	True
The Indians , who stranded 12 baserunners , took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Kipnis ' RBI single . Cleveland 's shoddy defense helped Minnesota tie the game in the fifth . Clete Thomas led off with a single , took second	False
The Indians , who stranded 12 baserunners , took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Kipnis ' RBI single . Cleveland 's shoddy defense helped Minnesota tie the game in the fifth . Clete Thomas led off with a single , took second on a sacrifice and moved to third	False
The Indians , who stranded 12 baserunners , took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Kipnis ' RBI single . Cleveland 's shoddy defense helped Minnesota tie the game in the fifth . Clete Thomas led off with a single , took second on a sacrifice and moved to third on Brian Dozier 's single . Thomas scored when Doug Bernier pushed a bunt to the right side of the mound . Swisher fielded the ball , but no one covered first	False
Josh Willingham struck out , but Ryan Doumit walked to load the bases . The inning finally ended when Trevor Plouffe lined out to third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall . A double and Cabrera 's bad throw put runners at second	False
Josh Willingham struck out , but Ryan Doumit walked to load the bases . The inning finally ended when Trevor Plouffe lined out to third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall . A double and Cabrera 's bad throw put runners at second and third	False
Josh Willingham struck out , but Ryan Doumit walked to load the bases . The inning finally ended when Trevor Plouffe lined out to third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall . A double and Cabrera 's bad throw put runners at second and third with one out in the Twins ' fourth	True
Rebounding from one of his worst career outings , Zimmermann went 7 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and eight hits . He struck out seven and walked just one . After George Kottaras singled with two out in the fourth	True
Rebounding from one of his worst career outings , Zimmermann went 7 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and eight hits . He struck out seven and walked just one . After George Kottaras singled with two out in the fourth , Zimmermann retired 11 straight until Emilio Bonifacio walked with one out in the eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked just one . After George Kottaras singled with two out in the fourth , Zimmermann retired 11 straight until Emilio Bonifacio walked with one out in the eighth . Ian Desmond hit his 18th home run as the Nationals won their fifth	False
After a 19 - 5 surge gave fans hope for an end to a 27-year playoff drought , they 've lost seven in a row and 10 of 12 . Wade Davis ( 6 - 10 ) allowed seven runs and eight hits in six innings , including Desmond 's two - run home run in the sixth	True
The Nationals , who scored seven runs in the fourth inning of a come-from-behind 11 - 10 victory on Friday , scored four in the same inning against Davis . Ryan Zimmerman walked leading off and sped to third	False
The Nationals , who scored seven runs in the fourth inning of a come-from-behind 11 - 10 victory on Friday , scored four in the same inning against Davis . Ryan Zimmerman walked leading off and sped to third on a single by Bryce Harper , who had an RBI single in the first	True
Wilson Ramos hit a sacrifice fly , Tyler Moore delivered an RBI double and Chad Tracy brought in two more runs with a bloop single . The Royals bunched three singles off Zimmermann in the third	True
The Royals bunched three singles off Zimmermann in the third , including Hosmer 's run-scoring hit into left-center . All nine of KC 's hits were singles . Fernando Abad relieved Zimmermann with two out and one on in the eighth	True
Chacin ( 12 - 7 ) allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings while striking out five to help give the Colorado Rockies a 3 - 2 win over the Marlins . The Rockies trailed 2 - 1 heading into the eighth	True
The Rockies trailed 2 - 1 heading into the eighth before Michael Cuddyer hit an RBI single to tie it and Ryan Wheeler hit a go-ahead RBI double to help Chacin earn the victory . Adam Ottavino pitched the eighth	True
Adam Ottavino pitched the eighth and Lex Brothers picked up his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Cuddyer drove in two runs while Troy Tulowitzki extended his hitting streak to 10 games with a double in the first	True
Ed Lucas homered and Tom Koehler allowed one run in seven innings for Miami , which has lost four in a row . With the Rockies trailing 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
Cuddyer followed with an RBI single to score Tulowitzki to tie the game . After Rosario grounded out , Wheeler gave the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead with a double to center for his first RBI of the season . Brothers retired the Marlins in order in the ninth	True
Lucas ' home run to lead-off the fifth broke a scoreless tie . It was his third home run of the season and the first since July 22 at Colorado . DJ LeMahieu responded with a triple to begin the sixth	True
DJ LeMahieu responded with a triple to begin the sixth and scored on a groundout by Cuddyer to tie the game at 1 . Lucas had a chance to give the Marlins the lead in the bottom of the sixth	True
Lucas had a chance to give the Marlins the lead in the bottom of the sixth , but grounded out to end the inning with the bases loaded . Jake Marisnick tripled to right in the seventh	True
In his previous start , Kennedy allowed three home runs in 4 2/3 innings in a 5 - 2 loss to the New York Mets on Friday . Luke Gregerson pitched the eighth	True
In his previous start , Kennedy allowed three home runs in 4 2/3 innings in a 5 - 2 loss to the New York Mets on Friday . Luke Gregerson pitched the eighth , walking Felix Pie and allowing Andrew McCutcheon 's sacrifice fly , and Huston Street worked the ninth	True
The Pirates ' lead in the NL Central was reduced to one game over the St. Louis Cardinals , who beat Milwaukee 8 - 6 . Kennedy got into and out of trouble in the first	True
The Pirates ' lead in the NL Central was reduced to one game over the St. Louis Cardinals , who beat Milwaukee 8 - 6 . Kennedy got into and out of trouble in the first , when the Pirates had two singles and two walks in the first inning , and did n't score . Pie , who was promoted from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier Wednesday , beat out an infield single before being thrown out trying to steal second	False
Kennedy got into and out of trouble in the first , when the Pirates had two singles and two walks in the first inning , and did n't score . Pie , who was promoted from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier Wednesday , beat out an infield single before being thrown out trying to steal second . With two outs , McCutcheon singled and Pedro Alvarez and Russell Martin walked to load the bases . Kennedy got out of the jam by striking out Garrett Jones . Alonso 's sacrifice fly in the third brought in Will Venable , who hit a leadoff double and advanced on Chris Denorfia 's groundout . In the fifth	True
Kennedy got into and out of trouble in the first , when the Pirates had two singles and two walks in the first inning , and did n't score . Pie , who was promoted from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier Wednesday , beat out an infield single before being thrown out trying to steal second . With two outs , McCutcheon singled and Pedro Alvarez and Russell Martin walked to load the bases . Kennedy got out of the jam by striking out Garrett Jones . Alonso 's sacrifice fly in the third brought in Will Venable , who hit a leadoff double and advanced on Chris Denorfia 's groundout . In the fifth , Alonso singled in Denorfia , who singled with two outs and stole second	False
The Reds opened up a six - game lead over Arizona in the race for the National League 's second wild-card spot . Cincinnati remained third	False
Baker was forced to take Jonathan Broxton out of the game in the eighth inning with soreness in his elbow . Broxton spent five weeks on the disabled list , returning on Aug. 6 . The umpire asked Baker , whom he wanted and he indicated that he wanted Chapman . That answer prevented Baker from making a double-switch with the pitcher 's spot due up third	False
Baker was forced to take Jonathan Broxton out of the game in the eighth inning with soreness in his elbow . Broxton spent five weeks on the disabled list , returning on Aug. 6 . The umpire asked Baker , whom he wanted and he indicated that he wanted Chapman . That answer prevented Baker from making a double-switch with the pitcher 's spot due up third in the bottom of the eighth	True
The umpire asked Baker , whom he wanted and he indicated that he wanted Chapman . That answer prevented Baker from making a double-switch with the pitcher 's spot due up third in the bottom of the eighth . Todd Frazier and Brandon Phillips added RBI singles in the eighth	True
Choo hit Brandon McCarthy 's second pitch of the game 337 feet down the left field line , where the ball appeared to hit the lens of a TV camera just inside the foul pole . The homer was Choo 's 16th of the season , his sixth leadoff homer of the season and 11th	False
The homer was Choo 's 16th of the season , his sixth leadoff homer of the season and 11th of his career . The Reds had four straight two - out hits to open up a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
Choo narrowly missed hitting his second home run of the game leading off the fourth inning , settling for a double off the top of the left field wall and scoring on Joey Votto 's single . The Diamondbacks broke through against Leake with four runs in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks broke through against Leake with four runs in the fifth . Pinch-hitter Jason Kubel delivered a two - run single and Adam Eaton followed on Leake 's next pitch with his second homer of the season , a 367-foot drive into the visitors ' bullpen . Prado added a run-scoring single off J. J. Hoover in the seventh	False
The Diamondbacks broke through against Leake with four runs in the fifth . Pinch-hitter Jason Kubel delivered a two - run single and Adam Eaton followed on Leake 's next pitch with his second homer of the season , a 367-foot drive into the visitors ' bullpen . Prado added a run-scoring single off J. J. Hoover in the seventh and Gerardo Parro led off the eighth	False
Lohse said the win was just like any other even if it snapped a five - game losing streak against the Cardinals . Lohse left after six innings with the Brewers leading 6 - 3 . He earned his team-leading 17th quality start , including six in his last seven . He struck out four , walked two and allowed six hits and three runs , two coming on Yadier Molina 's two - run homer in the fourth	True
Lohse said the win was just like any other even if it snapped a five - game losing streak against the Cardinals . Lohse left after six innings with the Brewers leading 6 - 3 . He earned his team-leading 17th quality start , including six in his last seven . He struck out four , walked two and allowed six hits and three runs , two coming on Yadier Molina 's two - run homer in the fourth . Molina doubled and scored in the second	True
Lohse left after six innings with the Brewers leading 6 - 3 . He earned his team-leading 17th quality start , including six in his last seven . He struck out four , walked two and allowed six hits and three runs , two coming on Yadier Molina 's two - run homer in the fourth . Molina doubled and scored in the second on Matt Adams ' single . John Axford and Brandon Kintzler each pitched a scoreless inning , and Jim Henderson pitched the ninth	True
John Axford and Brandon Kintzler each pitched a scoreless inning , and Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 22 chances . The Cardinals were ahead 3 - 0 when the Brewers fought back with a five - run fourth	True
The Cardinals were ahead 3 - 0 when the Brewers fought back with a five - run fourth that put Lohse back in line for the victory . Lance Lynn ( 13 - 7 ) got roughed up in the fourth	True
Kolten Wong , who had his first two major league hits Monday night , continued getting on base for St. Louis . He went 3 for 5 with two singles and a double . The team 's No . 1. pick in the 2011 draft joined the Cardinals from Triple-A Memphis Friday night in Chicago . Halton set a career mark in the fifth	True
Kolten Wong , who had his first two major league hits Monday night , continued getting on base for St. Louis . He went 3 for 5 with two singles and a double . The team 's No . 1. pick in the 2011 draft joined the Cardinals from Triple-A Memphis Friday night in Chicago . Halton set a career mark in the fifth with his third RBI of the game . Davis singled , stole second	False
Cabrera , who has been playing through a series of injuries , finished his last at-bat in pain . Mike Pelfrey ( 5 - 10 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . Jared Burton got out of a two - on , one - out jam in the eighth	True
Mike Pelfrey ( 5 - 10 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . Jared Burton got out of a two - on , one - out jam in the eighth , and Perkins finished for his 29th save in 32 chances -- barely . Detroit catcher Brayan Pena led off the ninth	True
Porcello ( 9 - 7 ) allowed five runs and seven hits over 4 1/3 innings for Detroit . The Twins were without All-Star Joe Mauer , who was scratched from his start at first	False
That was n't of much consolation for Coke . Pedro Florimon hit a solo homer off Jeremy Bonderman in the sixth	True
He did more than a little bit against the Brewers , thanks to good fastball location and a tough curveball . Gennett 's double in the second	True
He did more than a little bit against the Brewers , thanks to good fastball location and a tough curveball . Gennett 's double in the second , and Khris Davis ' solo shot in the fifth	True
He did more than a little bit against the Brewers , thanks to good fastball location and a tough curveball . Gennett 's double in the second , and Khris Davis ' solo shot in the fifth and infield single in the seventh	False
Bailey had been 0 - 3 in five career starts in Milwaukee . The Reds , who lost 2 - 0 on Saturday night , batted around in the second inning as an erratic Wily Peralta ( 8 - 13 ) allowed five runs . Cincinnati sent 10 men to the plate in the fifth	True
Peralta gave up singles to the first four batters , capped by Ryan Hanigan 's two - run hit . A walk to Shin-Soo Choo loaded the bases for Joey Votto , and a passed ball added another run . The Brewers walked Votto intentionally and set up Peralta to face Brandon Phillips , who was 1 - 12 against the right-hander . Phillips ' two - run single foiled the move and gave Bailey a 5 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers walked Votto intentionally and set up Peralta to face Brandon Phillips , who was 1 - 12 against the right-hander . Phillips ' two - run single foiled the move and gave Bailey a 5 - 0 lead in the second . Peralta settled down for the next two innings , but walked Phillips to start the fifth	True
The Brewers walked Votto intentionally and set up Peralta to face Brandon Phillips , who was 1 - 12 against the right-hander . Phillips ' two - run single foiled the move and gave Bailey a 5 - 0 lead in the second . Peralta settled down for the next two innings , but walked Phillips to start the fifth . He advanced on a wild pitch and took third	False
Tyler Thornburg took over , but struggled just as much as Peralta . The Reds batted around for the second time and capitalized on Thornburg 's wildness . He issued four walks , including two with the bases loaded , and allowed a run-scoring single to Hanigan , who had two hits and three RBIs . Alfredo Simon pitched the ninth	True
Mets catcher Travis d'Arnaud , a highly touted prospect acquired in the R. A. Dickey trade last offseason , went 0 for 2 with two walks in his major league debut . The Padres stole three bases against d'Arnaud and he allowed a passed ball . Mejia exited in the fourth	True
The Padres stretched their lead to 4 - 1 when Alexi Amarista 's sharp single scored Venable after he doubled down the right-field line . The Mets cut it to 4 - 2 on Wilmer Flores ' RBI double in the fifth	True
The Mets cut it to 4 - 2 on Wilmer Flores ' RBI double in the fifth . The Padres pushed it back to 5 - 2 on Jesus Guzman 's RBI single in the bottom half . Gyorko added a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Gyorko added a three - run homer in the eighth . Venable singled in his first at-bat and stole second	False
Gyorko added a three - run homer in the eighth . Venable singled in his first at-bat and stole second . Amarista moved Venable to third	False
Mejia retired Gyorko , but Chris Denorfia followed with a run-scoring single . San Diego 's 1 - 0 lead was in jeopardy in the second	True
San Diego 's 1 - 0 lead was in jeopardy in the second , when the Mets loaded the bases with two outs on walks to d'Arnaud and Omar Quintanilla and a single by Juan Lagares . Mejia hit a chopper near the plate , with Volquez and Hundley converging on it . Volquez fielded the ball near the first base line and threw across his body to nip Mejia at first	False
Mejia hit a chopper near the plate , with Volquez and Hundley converging on it . Volquez fielded the ball near the first base line and threw across his body to nip Mejia at first . But the Mets tied the game in the third	True
Mejia hit a chopper near the plate , with Volquez and Hundley converging on it . Volquez fielded the ball near the first base line and threw across his body to nip Mejia at first . But the Mets tied the game in the third on Daniel Murphy 's RBI single , which scored Eric Young Jr. after he reached on a bunt and stole second	False
He carried a no-hit bid into the sixth Saturday night , backed by home runs from Nick Swisher and Michael Bourn as the Cleveland Indians beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 1 . Jimenez ( 9 - 7 ) did n't allow a hit until Josh Donaldson lined a run-scoring single to shallow center with two out in the sixth	True
A day after the Indians matched a season high with 13 stranded base runners , they took advantage of timely opportunities . Swisher drove the first pitch from Dan Straily over the right-field fence for his 13th home run , staking Jimenez to an early lead in the first	True
A day after the Indians matched a season high with 13 stranded base runners , they took advantage of timely opportunities . Swisher drove the first pitch from Dan Straily over the right-field fence for his 13th home run , staking Jimenez to an early lead in the first . Cabrera later added a run-scoring single before hitting an RBI double in the sixth	True
Pitching on six days ' rest , Jimenez bounced back after taking a 7 - 2 loss to the Angels on Aug. 10 for his second straight defeat . He hoped he could have talked manager Terry Francona into staying in the game if he 'd kept the no-hitter going into the seventh	True
He hoped he could have talked manager Terry Francona into staying in the game if he 'd kept the no-hitter going into the seventh . The A 's drew two walks from the right-hander in each of the third	True
The A 's drew two walks from the right-hander in each of the third and fourth innings but failed to capitalize . Jimenez plunked Josh Reddick in the right shoulder with one out in the sixth	True
The A 's did n't do much more . Coco Crisp flied out as a pinch-hitter with runners on the corners to end the eighth	True
Bourn 's seventh-inning drive ended an 0 - for - 11 stretch for just his second hit in 21 at-bats during the team 's road trip . Swisher added an RBI single and Jason Kipnis a two - run single in the ninth	True
Straily allowed Swisher 's one - out homer then struck out Kipnis before allowing back-to-back walks to Carlos Santana and Brantley . Pitching coach Curt Young made a mound visit when he went 2 - 0 to Cabrera , who then hit an RBI single to snap an 0 - for - 20 streak . After Drew Stubbs doubled to start the Cleveland fifth	True
Straily allowed Swisher 's one - out homer then struck out Kipnis before allowing back-to-back walks to Carlos Santana and Brantley . Pitching coach Curt Young made a mound visit when he went 2 - 0 to Cabrera , who then hit an RBI single to snap an 0 - for - 20 streak . After Drew Stubbs doubled to start the Cleveland fifth , Gold Glove right fielder Reddick started a sensational double play when he caught Bourn 's liner and made the perfect throw to third	False
Wei-Yin Chen ( 6 - 6 ) retired 12 of his first 13 batters but could n't get out of the seventh inning . He gave up four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings in losing his third straight start . It was only the second time in 15 starts this season that Chen allowed more than three runs . The Orioles were coming off three straight one - run defeats in Arizona and hoping to get back on track at home against a sub-.500 team . But the Rockies bounced back from a 2 - 0 deficit by scoring in the fifth	True
The Orioles were coming off three straight one - run defeats in Arizona and hoping to get back on track at home against a sub-.500 team . But the Rockies bounced back from a 2 - 0 deficit by scoring in the fifth through ninth innings . With the score tied at 2 in the seventh	True
With the score tied at 2 in the seventh , Chen walked leadoff hitter Michael Cuddyer and Rosario hit the left-hander 's next pitch over the 25-foot scoreboard in right field . Blackmon made it 5 - 2 in the eighth	False
Blackmon made it 5 - 2 in the eighth with a pinch-hit homer off Francisco Rodriguez . Helton connected in the ninth	False
Wieters homered in the bottom half against Rex Brothers . The game started well for the Orioles . McLouth hit Nicasio 's third pitch into the bleachers , his 12th career leadoff homer and second	False
The game started well for the Orioles . McLouth hit Nicasio 's third pitch into the bleachers , his 12th career leadoff homer and second this year . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third when Jones singled in a run to break an 0 - for - 15 skid . Nicasio then retired Nick Markakis and Wieters with the bases loaded . Chen was in complete control early . After Troy Tulowitzki hit a one - out double in the first	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third when Jones singled in a run to break an 0 - for - 15 skid . Nicasio then retired Nick Markakis and Wieters with the bases loaded . Chen was in complete control early . After Troy Tulowitzki hit a one - out double in the first , the left-hander retired 10 straight batters before Rosario doubled leading off the fifth	True
Chen was in complete control early . After Troy Tulowitzki hit a one - out double in the first , the left-hander retired 10 straight batters before Rosario doubled leading off the fifth . One batter later , Nolan Arenado delivered an RBI single . Culberson connected in the sixth	True
Shields ( 8 - 8 ) won his fourth game in his past five starts . He walked four and struck out one . The Tigers threatened against Shields in the second	True
The Tigers threatened against Shields in the second and third innings . In the second	True
The Tigers threatened against Shields in the second and third innings . In the second , a walk to Andy Dirks and Brayan Pena 's single gave Detroit runners on first	False
The Tigers threatened against Shields in the second and third innings . In the second , a walk to Andy Dirks and Brayan Pena 's single gave Detroit runners on first and second	False
But Shields got both Ramon Santiago and Jose Iglesias to hit pop-ups to the shortstop to get out of the inning . But the biggest potential rally came in the third	True
But Shields got both Ramon Santiago and Jose Iglesias to hit pop-ups to the shortstop to get out of the inning . But the biggest potential rally came in the third when the right-hander walked Austin Jackson to lead off the third inning and Torii Hunter singled him to second	False
But Shields retired the next three hitters , using mostly his change-up . Miguel Cabrera was retired on weak roller to Shields between the mound and first base on which the runners moved up to second	False
But Shields retired the next three hitters , using mostly his change-up . Miguel Cabrera was retired on weak roller to Shields between the mound and first base on which the runners moved up to second and third	False
Shields then got Victor Martinez to line out to right to end the inning . Luke Hochevar pitched a perfect eighth	True
Shields then got Victor Martinez to line out to right to end the inning . Luke Hochevar pitched a perfect eighth and Greg Holland worked the ninth	False
Jose Alvarez ( 1 - 3 ) , called up from Triple-A Toledo to make the start , took the loss . He gave up two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out five . Alvarez 's only big mistakes came in the third	True
Alvarez 's only big mistakes came in the third with two outs . He walked Jamey Carroll and Hosmer followed with his second home run of the day , that gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Hosmer blasted Alvarez 's 1 - 1 change-up deep into the right-field stands for his 14th homer . Alvarez was replaced by Jeremy Bonderman with two outs in the sixth	True
Alvarez 's only big mistakes came in the third with two outs . He walked Jamey Carroll and Hosmer followed with his second home run of the day , that gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Hosmer blasted Alvarez 's 1 - 1 change-up deep into the right-field stands for his 14th homer . Alvarez was replaced by Jeremy Bonderman with two outs in the sixth . Bonderman got the final out of that inning and the first two outs of the seventh	True
Alvarez was replaced by Jeremy Bonderman with two outs in the sixth . Bonderman got the final out of that inning and the first two outs of the seventh before being replaced by Phil Coke and Al Alburquerque . Carroll 's sacrifice fly in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . It was an unearned run off Bonderman , whose throwing error on an attempted pickoff throw sent Chris Getz from first	False
Alvarez was replaced by Jeremy Bonderman with two outs in the sixth . Bonderman got the final out of that inning and the first two outs of the seventh before being replaced by Phil Coke and Al Alburquerque . Carroll 's sacrifice fly in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . It was an unearned run off Bonderman , whose throwing error on an attempted pickoff throw sent Chris Getz from first to third	False
Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) beat Justin Verlander in the opener . Duffy was called up from Triple-A Omaha to make his second big league start of the season , and did n't allow a hit until Cabrera 's hard-hit , two out single in the sixth	True
Duffy was called up from Triple-A Omaha to make his second big league start of the season , and did n't allow a hit until Cabrera 's hard-hit , two out single in the sixth . Kelvin Herrera replaced Duffy in the seventh	True
Duffy was called up from Triple-A Omaha to make his second big league start of the season , and did n't allow a hit until Cabrera 's hard-hit , two out single in the sixth . Kelvin Herrera replaced Duffy in the seventh and retired the side in order . Aaron Crow worked the eighth	True
Verlander ( 12 - 9 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Kansas City made it 2 - 0 on consecutive doubles leading off the seventh	True
Kansas City made it 2 - 0 on consecutive doubles leading off the seventh by Justin Maxwell and Emilio Bonifacio . NOTES : With two outs in the second inning of the first game , Bonafacio hit a soft liner that Detroit shortstop Jose Iglesias reached to his right to catch on the backhand . The ball popped out of his glove back over Iglesias head , but he twisted his body to catch it for the inning 's final out .. .. In the eighth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Stephen Vogt can really fly . Especially for a catcher , as he cheerfully points out . With the game tied in the seventh	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Stephen Vogt can really fly . Especially for a catcher , as he cheerfully points out . With the game tied in the seventh , Vogt took off from first	False
With the game tied in the seventh , Vogt took off from first on Eric Sogard 's two - out double and beat the throw home to score the go-ahead run in the Oakland Athletics ' 3 - 2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The A 's gained ground on the first-place Texas Rangers in the AL West race for the second straight day , pulling within a half-game after the Rangers lost at home to Seattle . Former A 's fan favorite Nick Swisher tied the game at 2 - 2 in the seventh	True
The A 's gained ground on the first-place Texas Rangers in the AL West race for the second straight day , pulling within a half-game after the Rangers lost at home to Seattle . Former A 's fan favorite Nick Swisher tied the game at 2 - 2 in the seventh with an RBI single , and winner Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) walked the bases loaded before getting out of it with only the one run . Swisher , booed at every chance , grounded out with runners on first	False
The A 's gained ground on the first-place Texas Rangers in the AL West race for the second straight day , pulling within a half-game after the Rangers lost at home to Seattle . Former A 's fan favorite Nick Swisher tied the game at 2 - 2 in the seventh with an RBI single , and winner Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) walked the bases loaded before getting out of it with only the one run . Swisher , booed at every chance , grounded out with runners on first and second	False
The A 's gained ground on the first-place Texas Rangers in the AL West race for the second straight day , pulling within a half-game after the Rangers lost at home to Seattle . Former A 's fan favorite Nick Swisher tied the game at 2 - 2 in the seventh with an RBI single , and winner Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) walked the bases loaded before getting out of it with only the one run . Swisher , booed at every chance , grounded out with runners on first and second to end the eighth	True
Former A 's fan favorite Nick Swisher tied the game at 2 - 2 in the seventh with an RBI single , and winner Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) walked the bases loaded before getting out of it with only the one run . Swisher , booed at every chance , grounded out with runners on first and second to end the eighth . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
The lefty is still looking for his first victory in the Oakland Coliseum . He dropped to 0 - 5 with a 7.71 ERA in six appearances and five starts . A 's starter A. J. Griffin escaped a bases-loaded jam in the fifth	True
Griffin and Masterson matched up in that one , too . On Friday , the Indians got on the board in the third	True
On Friday , the Indians got on the board in the third on Carlos Santana 's single to right . Gold Glove right fielder Josh Reddick wildly overthrew third baseman Josh Donaldson trying to get Swisher . The ball hit the facing of the Oakland dugout and bounced back onto the field , where Donaldson grabbed it and threw home not knowing the play was dead and Swisher would score . Meanwhile , Griffin went sliding into the dirt on his knees apparently thinking he could stop the ball from reaching the dugout . Reddick made a nice reaching catch at the warning track on a hard hit ball by Michael Bourn in the fifth	True
On Friday , the Indians got on the board in the third on Carlos Santana 's single to right . Gold Glove right fielder Josh Reddick wildly overthrew third baseman Josh Donaldson trying to get Swisher . The ball hit the facing of the Oakland dugout and bounced back onto the field , where Donaldson grabbed it and threw home not knowing the play was dead and Swisher would score . Meanwhile , Griffin went sliding into the dirt on his knees apparently thinking he could stop the ball from reaching the dugout . Reddick made a nice reaching catch at the warning track on a hard hit ball by Michael Bourn in the fifth to rob him of an extra-base hit , then Cespedes chased down a drive by Brantley for the third	False
Herrmann 's pinch-hit single in the bottom of the ninth scored pinch-runner Doug Bernier and lifted the Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the White Sox on Thursday night . The Twins trailed 3 - 2 heading into the eighth	True
Herrmann 's pinch-hit single in the bottom of the ninth scored pinch-runner Doug Bernier and lifted the Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the White Sox on Thursday night . The Twins trailed 3 - 2 heading into the eighth , but Joe Mauer doubled and scored on a base hit from Justin Morneau to tie it . Herrmann came through against Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) in the ninth	True
Paul Konerko had two hits and an RBI , and Andre Rienzo gave up two runs -- one earned -- on four hits with two strikeouts in six innings for the White Sox , who lost their 10th straight on the road . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched the ninth	True
Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Plouffe led off the eighth	True
Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Plouffe led off the eighth with a single to left and Troncoso walked Chris Colabello . Clete Thomas 's bunt failed when catcher Josh Phegley threw Plouffe out at third	False
Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Plouffe led off the eighth with a single to left and Troncoso walked Chris Colabello . Clete Thomas 's bunt failed when catcher Josh Phegley threw Plouffe out at third , but Herrmann squeezed a base hit just past a diving Konerko at first	False
Gardenhire said he thought Pelfrey could be running out of gas as his innings total has climbed over 100 in his first season back from Tommy John surgery , and he got off to a sluggish start that appeared to support that theory . Pelfrey gave up RBI singles to Adam Dunn and Konerko to fall behind 2 - 0 in the first	True
Gardenhire said he thought Pelfrey could be running out of gas as his innings total has climbed over 100 in his first season back from Tommy John surgery , and he got off to a sluggish start that appeared to support that theory . Pelfrey gave up RBI singles to Adam Dunn and Konerko to fall behind 2 - 0 in the first . But Pelfrey was able to grind into the seventh	True
Pelfrey gave up RBI singles to Adam Dunn and Konerko to fall behind 2 - 0 in the first . But Pelfrey was able to grind into the seventh and keep the Twins in the game , working much quicker on the mound this time around after being prodded by the Twins ' coaching staff to speed things up for most of the season . Plouffe got the Twins on the board in the fifth	True
Pelfrey gave up RBI singles to Adam Dunn and Konerko to fall behind 2 - 0 in the first . But Pelfrey was able to grind into the seventh and keep the Twins in the game , working much quicker on the mound this time around after being prodded by the Twins ' coaching staff to speed things up for most of the season . Plouffe got the Twins on the board in the fifth with a home run into the bullpen in center field and Josh Willingham 's single scored Brian Dozier to cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth	False
Plouffe got the Twins on the board in the fifth with a home run into the bullpen in center field and Josh Willingham 's single scored Brian Dozier to cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth . With White Sox manager Robin Ventura trying to groom Nate Jones as the team 's setup man of the future , he sent the right-hander out there in the eighth	True
Baltimore led 4 - 2 after roughing up Diamondbacks starter Wade Miley . Arizona went up 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
Arizona went up 5 - 4 in the seventh by stringing together three run-scoring singles , including one by Aaron Hill , who also homered for the third straight game . Chris Davis tied the game in the eighth	False
Chris Davis tied the game in the eighth with a solo homer , not all that surprising since he leads the majors with 43 . The homer by Wil Nieves to lead off the eighth	True
Feldman put the Orioles in good position , only running into trouble in the second inning . Hill led off with his eighth homer and Gerardo Parra scored from second	False
J. J. Hardy homered and Jones had two hits and drove in a run for Baltimore . Matt Wieters also drove in a run . Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) gave up a game-tying hit to Hunter Pence with no outs in the ninth	True
Orioles starter Chris Tillman threw eight stellar innings , striking out a career-high nine , giving up one run on four hits and walking one . Brandon Belt had two hits , including a home run , for the Giants , who have lost five of seven . Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed all three runs in the 10th	True
Tommy Hunter got the final three outs for his third save in four chances . Machado recorded his 41st double of the season with one out in the first	True
Machado recorded his 41st double of the season with one out in the first . Jones singled him home to put the Orioles ahead , 1 - 0 . Hardy led off the second	True
Vogelsong , in his first appearance since May 20 , settled in afterward . After allowing six hits in the first three innings , he retired 10 of the final 12 batters he faced . Belt hit his 13th home run of the season and second	False
Belt hit his 13th home run of the season and second in as many days , a solo shot , with two outs , to the deepest part of the park . Tillman retired 16 in a row after walking Pablo Sandoval in the second	True
Belt hit his 13th home run of the season and second in as many days , a solo shot , with two outs , to the deepest part of the park . Tillman retired 16 in a row after walking Pablo Sandoval in the second . He struck out the side in the second	True
Belt hit his 13th home run of the season and second in as many days , a solo shot , with two outs , to the deepest part of the park . Tillman retired 16 in a row after walking Pablo Sandoval in the second . He struck out the side in the second and the first two batters he faced in the third	True
Tillman retired 16 in a row after walking Pablo Sandoval in the second . He struck out the side in the second and the first two batters he faced in the third . Machado doubled off Brandon Crawford 's glove with one out in the 10th	True
Chen retired 15 on fly-ball outs . Chen , who was making his fifth start since beginning the season in the bullpen , did not allow a runner past first base until the eighth	True
Mike Moustakas ' two - out single to right with the bases loaded scored Billy Butler and Gordon to make it 3 - 0 . Rubby De La Rosa replaced Lester in the eighth	True
Rubby De La Rosa replaced Lester in the eighth and Butler hit his first pitch out to center for his 10th home run . Justin Maxwell homered with two outs to make it 5 - 0 . Lester , who was roughed up for six runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings by Arizona in his previous start , shut down the Royals after the first	True
Lester , who was roughed up for six runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings by Arizona in his previous start , shut down the Royals after the first , allowing just two more singles in seven innings . Stephen Drew , who had two hits to extend his hitting streak to a season high nine games , singled home Gomes in the ninth	True
The players ' union formally appealed the suspension , sending the case to an independent arbitrator . Then , the Yankees fell for the 14th time in 20 games after Mariano Rivera blew the lead in the ninth	True
The players ' union formally appealed the suspension , sending the case to an independent arbitrator . Then , the Yankees fell for the 14th time in 20 games after Mariano Rivera blew the lead in the ninth and Robinson Cano hit a go-ahead homer in the 12th	True
The White Sox rallied with two out in the bottom half against Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) . Tyler Flowers singled off the pitcher 's glove and moved to third	False
The Yankees looked like they were going to come away with the win when Cano broke out of a 6 for 43 slump by driving a pitch from Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) 431 feet to right-center . The home run -- his 22nd -- was his first since July 10 . The Yankees built an early 4 - 0 lead and were up one going into the ninth	True
Baseball 's all-time saves leader , came in to a standing ovation and retired the first two batters before Gordon Beckham doubled . A pinch-hitting Adam Dunn then drove a single just to the left of a diving Rodriguez at third	False
A pinch-hitting Adam Dunn then drove a single just to the left of a diving Rodriguez at third on an 0 - 2 pitch to tie it at 4 . The blown save was just the third	False
A pinch-hitting Adam Dunn then drove a single just to the left of a diving Rodriguez at third on an 0 - 2 pitch to tie it at 4 . The blown save was just the third in 38 opportunities for Rivera , who allowed one run over two innings . And it denied CC Sabathia his first win in more than a month after he pitched into the eighth	True
The blown save was just the third in 38 opportunities for Rivera , who allowed one run over two innings . And it denied CC Sabathia his first win in more than a month after he pitched into the eighth . Rodriguez picked up a single and walked in his third game back after having hip surgery in January . He also had a chance to drive in the go-ahead run with two out in the 11th	True
The blown save was just the third in 38 opportunities for Rivera , who allowed one run over two innings . And it denied CC Sabathia his first win in more than a month after he pitched into the eighth . Rodriguez picked up a single and walked in his third game back after having hip surgery in January . He also had a chance to drive in the go-ahead run with two out in the 11th but grounded out with a runner on third	False
Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run homer off Hector Santiago and scored twice . Eduardo Nunez went deep and collected three hits , and Sabathia was in line for his first win since July 3 before things turned . He gave up three runs and five hits , including a towering homer to Beckham in the fifth	True
He gave up three runs and five hits , including a towering homer to Beckham in the fifth . The White Sox pulled within 4 - 3 in the seventh	False
He gave up three runs and five hits , including a towering homer to Beckham in the fifth . The White Sox pulled within 4 - 3 in the seventh on an RBI double by Konerko and fielder 's choice grounder by Beckham , and Sabathia left after Conor Gillaspie grounded out leading off the eighth	True
David Robertson came in and struck out Tyler Flowers looking on a 3 - 2 pitch , drawing an argument from the White Sox player and an ejection for pitching coach Don Cooper in the dugout . Alexei Ramirez then singled and stole second	False
Not this time . Rookie third baseman Wilmer Flores helped make sure of that . Filling in for injured David Wright , Flores cleared the bases in the eighth	True
Manager Walt Weiss was not sure who would start Thursday against the Mets . Harvey came out for the ninth	True
Miami tagged him for three runs in 5 2/3 innings on Thursday , but he was in command from the start against Colorado . Wilin Rosario grounded a single past a lunging Quintanilla with two outs in the second inning for the Rockies ' first baserunner . Michael Cuddyer became the next Rockies player to reach with a two - out single to center field in the fourth	True
Ike Davis hit an opposite-field double down the left field line with one out and scored an out later on righty swinging Buck 's single to right field for a 2 - 0 lead . Batting sixth	True
Ike Davis hit an opposite-field double down the left field line with one out and scored an out later on righty swinging Buck 's single to right field for a 2 - 0 lead . Batting sixth , Flores hit a ground rule double in the eighth	True
Now it 's got company . The Pittsburgh Pirates utility infielder sent a fastball from Miami reliever Mike Dunn into the first row of seats in right-center leading off the ninth	True
The NL Central-leading Pirates have won three straight to move a season-high 24 games over .500 ( 68 - 44 ) . Dunn ( 2 - 3 ) bailed Chad Qualls after Qualls loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth	True
Dunn ( 2 - 3 ) bailed Chad Qualls after Qualls loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth . He struck out Pedro Alvarez and got Russell Martin to hit into a double play but could n't get the best of Harrison , a bench player who has spent most of the season shuttling between Pittsburgh and Triple-A Indianapolis . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect top of the ninth	True
Pittsburgh 's Jeff Locke has been one of baseball 's biggest surprises , the 25-year-old soaring from fringe starter to All-Star . He 's had trouble working deep into games since returning from his trip to New York for the midsummer classic , and for a while it appeared he was headed for another early exit after lasting just four innings against St. Louis in his last start . Miami turned three singles -- none of them sharply hit -- into a run in the second	True
Miami turned three singles -- none of them sharply hit -- into a run in the second then added two more in the third behind four straight singles to start the inning . The Marlins , however , could n't pile on and Locke eventually settled down . The left-hander allowed three runs on nine hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out four as his ERA ticked up to 2.47 . Locke left two runners on in the sixth	True
Locke left two runners on in the sixth . He also left with a no decision as Mazzaro retired Ed Lucas with two runners on to end the inning . Henderson Alvarez handcuffed the Pirates in their previous meeting , limiting Pittsburgh to just two hits in six innings of a victory two weeks ago . The Pirates , however , briefly figured him out in the third	True
The Pirates never threatened against the Miami starter again , and Alvarez left after seven innings , giving up three runs on six hits , striking out six while not issuing a walk . That left it up to the bullpens and Pittsburgh 's `` Shark Tank '' continued its dominance . Mazzaro survived the seventh	True
The Pirates never threatened against the Miami starter again , and Alvarez left after seven innings , giving up three runs on six hits , striking out six while not issuing a walk . That left it up to the bullpens and Pittsburgh 's `` Shark Tank '' continued its dominance . Mazzaro survived the seventh and the Marlins went meekly in the eighth	False
The Pirates never threatened against the Miami starter again , and Alvarez left after seven innings , giving up three runs on six hits , striking out six while not issuing a walk . That left it up to the bullpens and Pittsburgh 's `` Shark Tank '' continued its dominance . Mazzaro survived the seventh and the Marlins went meekly in the eighth or ninth	True
They 're certainly not showing him any in return . They let him hear it in his season debut on Monday , hours after Major League Baseball slapped him with a 211-game penalty for violating its drug agreement and labor contract , and it was more of the same on Tuesday . Rodriguez was the designated hitter this time after playing third	False
Rodriguez was the designated hitter this time after playing third in his first game after offseason hip surgery . At the plate , he followed up a 1 - for - 4 performance by going 1 for 2 with a single and walk in addition to being hit by a pitch . A-Rod was on deck when Alfonso Soriano struck out to end it with a runner on first	False
A-Rod was on deck when Alfonso Soriano struck out to end it with a runner on first , giving the Yankees their 13th loss in 19 games . White Sox closer Addison Reed allowed up a single to a pinch-hitter Ichiro Suzuki , who took second	False
White Sox closer Addison Reed allowed up a single to a pinch-hitter Ichiro Suzuki , who took second on defensive indifference and came around on Brett Gardner 's two - out single . But Reed finished for his 27th save in 32 chances . Adam Dunn singled and scored the tying run in the fourth	True
White Sox closer Addison Reed allowed up a single to a pinch-hitter Ichiro Suzuki , who took second on defensive indifference and came around on Brett Gardner 's two - out single . But Reed finished for his 27th save in 32 chances . Adam Dunn singled and scored the tying run in the fourth , and Chicago took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
White Sox closer Addison Reed allowed up a single to a pinch-hitter Ichiro Suzuki , who took second on defensive indifference and came around on Brett Gardner 's two - out single . But Reed finished for his 27th save in 32 chances . Adam Dunn singled and scored the tying run in the fourth , and Chicago took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Paul Konerko beat the relay throw on a force to deep third	False
Adam Dunn singled and scored the tying run in the fourth , and Chicago took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Paul Konerko beat the relay throw on a force to deep third , allowing Alexei Ramirez to score after he led off with a single . Doubles by Gordon Beckham and Alejandro De Aza in the seventh	False
Doubles by Gordon Beckham and Alejandro De Aza in the seventh off Kuroda ( 10 - 7 ) made it a two - run game , sending the White Sox to their second straight win after dropping 10 in a row . Victimized by poor run support this season , Sale ( 7 - 11 ) got the win after going 1 - 9 over his previous 11 starts . He allowed five hits and left with one out in the eighth	True
Garza , who earned the Rangers second complete game of the season , retired 12 of the next 13 hitters he faced . Beltre singled home a run in the third	True
Garza , who earned the Rangers second complete game of the season , retired 12 of the next 13 hitters he faced . Beltre singled home a run in the third and Kinsler hit a one - out home run in the fifth	True
Parker allowed more than five hits in a start for the first time since May 22 , when he allowed six hits to the Rangers in Texas , a span of 12 starts . Moss doubled in the sixth	True
Moss doubled in the sixth when Texas centerfielder Leonys Martin lost a ball in the sun . It bounced behind him and then over the fence . Sogard , who became the first A 's player with two sacrifice bunts in the same game in over three years , delivered a safety squeeze to easily score Alberto Callaspo , in the seventh	True
The Royals ' 85th win is their most since 1989 when they were 92 - 70 . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first off White Sox starter Chris Sale ( 11 - 14 ) . Bonifacio walked and stole second	False
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first off White Sox starter Chris Sale ( 11 - 14 ) . Bonifacio walked and stole second , moved to third	False
Bonifacio walked and stole second , moved to third on Eric Hosmer 's single , and both scored on Butler 's double . Butler scored on Lorenzo Cain 's single . Kansas City , which has won 21 of its last 31 , made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
Kansas City , which has won 21 of its last 31 , made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on Carroll 's milestone double and scored on Bonifacio 's single . Sale was lifted with one out in the top of the sixth	True
Sale 's replacement , Jacob Petricka , promptly gave up two runs . Alcides Escobar singled and scored on Alex Gordon 's double . Gordon scored on another single by Bonifacio . Chicago 's run came on Gordon Beckham 's fifth home run of the season in the sixth	True
Zito 's up-and-down tenure on this side of San Francisco Bay is likely through after seven years , following seven with the Oakland Athletics on the other side of the water . Tony Abreu hit a bases-loaded triple to stake Zito to a quick 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Zito 's up-and-down tenure on this side of San Francisco Bay is likely through after seven years , following seven with the Oakland Athletics on the other side of the water . Tony Abreu hit a bases-loaded triple to stake Zito to a quick 3 - 0 lead in the second , then added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Bochy let Zito know Tuesday he would get one final start in front of the home fans . Zito surrendered consecutive singles , then Matt Kemp 's RBI double in the fourth	True
Zito surrendered consecutive singles , then Matt Kemp 's RBI double in the fourth to prompt a mound visit from pitching coach Dave Righetti . He got through the inning still holding a lead . Kemp pulled the Dodgers within two runs with an RBI single in the eighth	True
Zito surrendered consecutive singles , then Matt Kemp 's RBI double in the fourth to prompt a mound visit from pitching coach Dave Righetti . He got through the inning still holding a lead . Kemp pulled the Dodgers within two runs with an RBI single in the eighth . Then Sergio Romo finished for his 37th save in 42 opportunities , leaving a runner at second	False
The Giants ' six runs were as many as they had total over their previous 49 innings -- and Nolasco matched the six he had given up in five career starts at AT & T Park before Wednesday . Following Posey 's leadoff double in the second	True
Following Posey 's leadoff double in the second , Nolasco plunked Hunter Pence in the left leg a day after Matt Cain hit Yasiel Puig with a pitch during Tuesday 's 2 - 1 Dodgers win . Sandoval singled to load the bases , and Abreu tripled two batters later . Sandoval hit his 14th homer in the fourth	True
The slick-fielding Hechavarria has a hit in eight consecutive games against the Phillies . Hechavarria hit a two - run triple in the second	True
Hechavarria hit a two - run triple in the second before driving in the run that made it 3 - 2 on a fielder 's choice . Justin Ruggiano walked and Placido Polanco singled for his third hit in the eighth	True
Justin Ruggiano walked and Placido Polanco singled for his third hit in the eighth off Ethan Martin ( 2 - 5 ) before Hechavarria hit a grounder to Rollins , whose throw went wide of catcher Carlos Ruiz allowing Ruggiano to slide in safely . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth	True
Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . It was Cishek 's 28th consecutive save setting the team record previously held by Todd Jones in 2005 . Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) got the final out in the eighth	True
Hechavarria hit a two - run triple in the second inning to deep center field over the head of Cesar Hernandez for a 2 - 0 lead . Freddy Galvis , who had three hits , stroked an RBI single to pull the Phillies within 2 - 1 in the seventh	True
Gyorko continued his solid season , as his 21st home run placed him one ahead of the Atlanta Braves ' Evan Gattis for the major league lead among rookies . Chase Headley had three RBIs , with Gyorko and Chris Denorfia getting two each . Gyorko 's two - run homer capped a four - run fifth	True
Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson said Delgado 's pitch to Gyorko was misplaced . The Padres ' Tommy Medica homered in the fourth	True
Medica 's blast erased Kennedy 's mental error in the top of that inning , one that came without him delivering a pitch . Paul Goldschmidt opened with a double and advanced to third	False
Medica 's blast erased Kennedy 's mental error in the top of that inning , one that came without him delivering a pitch . Paul Goldschmidt opened with a double and advanced to third on Martin Prado 's single . With runners at the corners , Kennedy stepped toward third	False
Paul Goldschmidt opened with a double and advanced to third on Martin Prado 's single . With runners at the corners , Kennedy stepped toward third on a pick-off attempt , but did n't throw the ball . Goldschmidt scored on the balk for a 2 - 1 lead . The Diamondbacks had pulled even at 1 in the third	True
The Diamondbacks had pulled even at 1 in the third when Delgado drove in Gerardo Parra with a single up the middle . Parra led off the inning with a double after Kennedy retired the first six batters . Two doubles got the Padres a run in the first	True
Two doubles got the Padres a run in the first . Headley 's double off Parra 's glove in right-center chased home Denorfia , who was aboard after his one - out double . Long-time Padres ' minor leaguer Chris Robinson 's three - run homer in the eighth	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit his NL-best 36th homer for the Diamondbacks , extending his hitting streak to 14 games and increasing his league-leading RBI total to 124 . It appeared his solo shot in the sixth might hold up , but the Diamondbacks were destined for another extra-inning game . Arizona took a four - hitter into the eighth	True
Making his ninth career start , Wacha came oh-so-close to finishing off the third no-hitter in the majors this season . Instead , the Busch Stadium crowd let out a loud , collective groan as the rookie became the third pitcher to have an attempt broken up with one out to go . Zimmerman hit a chopper just over the 6-foot-6 Wacha , and the ball bounced slowly toward shortstop . A charging Pete Kozma grabbed it with his bare hand and whipped a throw to first	False
The last two no-hitters by St. Louis pitchers came from rookies -- Bud Smith in 2001 and Jose Jimenez in 1999 . It has been 30 years since there was a no-hitter in St. Louis . Bob Forsch finished off his second	False
Wacha retired his first 14 batters before Adam LaRoche reached on an error by Carpenter . Span tried to break up the no-hitter with a two - out bunt in the sixth	True
Span tried to break up the no-hitter with a two - out bunt in the sixth . The ball rolled just foul near third base , and the crowd booed lustily . Left fielder Shane Robinson made a running catch of a tailing liner off the bat of Anthony Rendon to end the eighth	True
Left fielder Shane Robinson made a running catch of a tailing liner off the bat of Anthony Rendon to end the eighth . Robinson drove in Carpenter with a two - out single off Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) in the third	True
Robinson drove in Carpenter with a two - out single off Gio Gonzalez ( 11 - 8 ) in the third . Carpenter began the rally with his major league-leading 55th double . Molina pushed the lead to 2 - 0 with a run-scoring double in the fourth	True
According to STATS , the Indians are the first team since the ` 61 Yankees , a team featuring Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris , to sweep six four - games series . The Yankees went on to win the World Series that season . Brantley hit a two - out RBI single in the fourth inning off Erik Bedard ( 4 - 12 ) and Bourn tripled in a four - run sixth	True
Chris Carter homered for the Astros , who lost their ninth straight and fell to 51 - 105 overall . In its inaugural AL campaign , Houston is two losses from matching the club record set last season . Leading 3 - 2 , the Indians broke it open in the sixth	True
Buehrle ( 12 - 9 ) held Boston to one run for the third time in five starts against them this year . He allowed five hits , striking out five without walking a batter . Adam Lind 's RBI double highlighted a three - run fourth	True
Boston 's lead over Oakland dropped to 1 1/2 games for the best record in the American League and home-field advantage throughout the AL playoffs . Dempster made his first relief appearance since 2007 , working a scoreless eighth	True
Boston 's lead over Oakland dropped to 1 1/2 games for the best record in the American League and home-field advantage throughout the AL playoffs . Dempster made his first relief appearance since 2007 , working a scoreless eighth . Boston third baseman Will Middlebrooks shifted to first	False
Jonny Gomes and David Ross each drove in a run for the Red Sox . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth	True
Casey Janssen pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . Toronto 's Munenori Kawasaki was ejected by first-base umpire Eric Cooper in the eighth	True
Toronto 's Munenori Kawasaki was ejected by first-base umpire Eric Cooper in the eighth after slamming his helmet when he was called out on a close play . The Blue Jays scored all three runs with two outs in the fourth	True
Toronto 's Munenori Kawasaki was ejected by first-base umpire Eric Cooper in the eighth after slamming his helmet when he was called out on a close play . The Blue Jays scored all three runs with two outs in the fourth after Brett Lawrie beat out a routine grounder to short for an infield hit . Lind followed with an RBI double , Rajai Davis added a run-scoring single and Moises Sierra scored from third	False
Toronto 's Munenori Kawasaki was ejected by first-base umpire Eric Cooper in the eighth after slamming his helmet when he was called out on a close play . The Blue Jays scored all three runs with two outs in the fourth after Brett Lawrie beat out a routine grounder to short for an infield hit . Lind followed with an RBI double , Rajai Davis added a run-scoring single and Moises Sierra scored from third on Buchholz 's errant pickoff throw to first	False
The Blue Jays scored all three runs with two outs in the fourth after Brett Lawrie beat out a routine grounder to short for an infield hit . Lind followed with an RBI double , Rajai Davis added a run-scoring single and Moises Sierra scored from third on Buchholz 's errant pickoff throw to first . Gomes ' RBI single cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth	False
The Blue Jays scored all three runs with two outs in the fourth after Brett Lawrie beat out a routine grounder to short for an infield hit . Lind followed with an RBI double , Rajai Davis added a run-scoring single and Moises Sierra scored from third on Buchholz 's errant pickoff throw to first . Gomes ' RBI single cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth . Ross ' run-scoring grounder sliced it to 3 - 2 in the seventh	False
The Blue Jays scored all three runs with two outs in the fourth after Brett Lawrie beat out a routine grounder to short for an infield hit . Lind followed with an RBI double , Rajai Davis added a run-scoring single and Moises Sierra scored from third on Buchholz 's errant pickoff throw to first . Gomes ' RBI single cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth . Ross ' run-scoring grounder sliced it to 3 - 2 in the seventh after Xander Bogaerts reached second	False
Gomes ' RBI single cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth . Ross ' run-scoring grounder sliced it to 3 - 2 in the seventh after Xander Bogaerts reached second on Lawrie 's fielding error at third base . J. P. Arencibia snapped an 0 - for - 27 stretch with an RBI single off the Green Monster in the Toronto ninth	True
Tampa Bay ( 85 - 69 ) and Cleveland ( 85 - 70 ) hold the two AL wild-card positions , with Texas ( 84 - 70 ) a half-game back . The New York Yankees ( 82 - 73 ) overtook Baltimore , which is tied with Kansas City at 81 - 73 and trails by 3 games . Cobb did n't allow a hit until Steve Clevenger lined a single to right with two outs in the fifth	True
Cobb did n't allow a hit until Steve Clevenger lined a single to right with two outs in the fifth . The Orioles had only two hits over the final 11 innings on Friday . Chris Davis tripled with one out in the ninth	False
Miguel Gonzalez ( 10 - 8 ) gave up three runs , two hits and five walks in six innings . The right-hander had been 2 - 0 with an 0.92 ERA in his previous three starts at Tropicana Field . Tampa Bay went ahead in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead in the fifth when Jose Molina and Yunel Escobar walked . One out later , Jennings hit his career-high 14th homer . Jennings added an RBI triple in the seventh	True
A night after a stunning ninth-inning collapse , Pittsburgh responded behind Burnett , who scattered four hits in seven strong innings to lift the Pirates to a 4 - 2 win and a one - game lead over the Reds for the top spot in the NL wild-card race . Burnett struck out a season-high 12 against three walks and became the first right-hander in the 126-year history of the franchise to top 200 strikeouts in a season when he fanned Joey Votto in the sixth	True
Burnett struck out a season-high 12 against three walks and became the first right-hander in the 126-year history of the franchise to top 200 strikeouts in a season when he fanned Joey Votto in the sixth . Jason Grilli worked the ninth	True
Zack Cozart hit his 12th home run of the season for Cincinnati , and Ryan Ludwick added an RBI but Homer Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) lost his first decision since July 26 . The Reds rallied for a 6 - 5 win in 10 innings on Friday , turning three unearned runs in the ninth	True
Zack Cozart hit his 12th home run of the season for Cincinnati , and Ryan Ludwick added an RBI but Homer Bailey ( 11 - 11 ) lost his first decision since July 26 . The Reds rallied for a 6 - 5 win in 10 innings on Friday , turning three unearned runs in the ninth and Votto 's solo homer in the 10th	True
It was the second gut-punch loss by the Pirates in three days . In danger of falling behind the Reds in the standings for the first time in since June 20 , Pittsburgh reduced its magic number to three behind Burnett and a bullpen that regained its composure after a pair of potentially confidence-shaking meltdowns . Reliever Justin Wilson induced a double play to get out of the eighth	True
It was the second gut-punch loss by the Pirates in three days . In danger of falling behind the Reds in the standings for the first time in since June 20 , Pittsburgh reduced its magic number to three behind Burnett and a bullpen that regained its composure after a pair of potentially confidence-shaking meltdowns . Reliever Justin Wilson induced a double play to get out of the eighth , and Grilli -- an All-Star this summer after racking up 29 saves in the season 's first half -- looked like his old self while working around Ludwick 's leadoff single in the ninth	True
Bailey was n't quite as sharp . Making his first start at PNC Park since throwing a no-hitter at the Pirates last September , Bailey was solid but not spectacular . An off night by Cincinnati 's typically reliable defense did n't help . Alvarez reached with two outs in the third	True
Bailey was n't quite as sharp . Making his first start at PNC Park since throwing a no-hitter at the Pirates last September , Bailey was solid but not spectacular . An off night by Cincinnati 's typically reliable defense did n't help . Alvarez reached with two outs in the third when Votto mishandled a slow chopper to first	False
Alvarez reached with two outs in the third when Votto mishandled a slow chopper to first . Martin followed by taking a fastball from Bailey and sending it into the bleachers in left field to tie it at 2 . Pittsburgh broke the tie in the sixth	True
Alvarez reached with two outs in the third when Votto mishandled a slow chopper to first . Martin followed by taking a fastball from Bailey and sending it into the bleachers in left field to tie it at 2 . Pittsburgh broke the tie in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen walked with one out and sprinted to third	False
Although the teams played through the rain , there was always the possibility of a rainout before the game could become official -- or a delay that could have knocked Scherzer out before he could pitch the required five innings for the victory . Detroit 's offense did its part , scoring two runs in the first	True
Although the teams played through the rain , there was always the possibility of a rainout before the game could become official -- or a delay that could have knocked Scherzer out before he could pitch the required five innings for the victory . Detroit 's offense did its part , scoring two runs in the first , one in the second	True
Although the teams played through the rain , there was always the possibility of a rainout before the game could become official -- or a delay that could have knocked Scherzer out before he could pitch the required five innings for the victory . Detroit 's offense did its part , scoring two runs in the first , one in the second , four in the third	True
Although the teams played through the rain , there was always the possibility of a rainout before the game could become official -- or a delay that could have knocked Scherzer out before he could pitch the required five innings for the victory . Detroit 's offense did its part , scoring two runs in the first , one in the second , four in the third and five in the fifth	False
Scherzer 's previous career high was 16 wins last year , and he 's been terrific this season from the start . He began with a 13 - 0 stretch and remains among the front-runners for the American League Cy Young Award . Chicago right-hander Andre Rienzo was scratched because of a blister on his throwing hand , forcing Axelrod to start in his place . After a sacrifice fly by Chicago 's Conor Gillaspie opened the scoring in the first	True
Scherzer 's previous career high was 16 wins last year , and he 's been terrific this season from the start . He began with a 13 - 0 stretch and remains among the front-runners for the American League Cy Young Award . Chicago right-hander Andre Rienzo was scratched because of a blister on his throwing hand , forcing Axelrod to start in his place . After a sacrifice fly by Chicago 's Conor Gillaspie opened the scoring in the first , the White Sox intentionally walked Martinez in the bottom of the inning with men on second	False
Scherzer 's previous career high was 16 wins last year , and he 's been terrific this season from the start . He began with a 13 - 0 stretch and remains among the front-runners for the American League Cy Young Award . Chicago right-hander Andre Rienzo was scratched because of a blister on his throwing hand , forcing Axelrod to start in his place . After a sacrifice fly by Chicago 's Conor Gillaspie opened the scoring in the first , the White Sox intentionally walked Martinez in the bottom of the inning with men on second and third	False
Chicago right-hander Andre Rienzo was scratched because of a blister on his throwing hand , forcing Axelrod to start in his place . After a sacrifice fly by Chicago 's Conor Gillaspie opened the scoring in the first , the White Sox intentionally walked Martinez in the bottom of the inning with men on second and third and two outs . Andy Dirks followed with a bases-loaded single that scored two runs and put the Tigers ahead to stay . Hunter 's RBI double in the second made it 3 - 1 , and Detroit sent 10 batters to the plate in the third	True
Axelrod had n't pitched since Sept. 12 , and he had n't started since July 10 , when he also gave up seven runs to the Tigers . He said he knew in advance he would be pitching Friday . Garcia , who was traded from Detroit to Chicago earlier this season , homered off Scherzer in the fourth	True
Axelrod had n't pitched since Sept. 12 , and he had n't started since July 10 , when he also gave up seven runs to the Tigers . He said he knew in advance he would be pitching Friday . Garcia , who was traded from Detroit to Chicago earlier this season , homered off Scherzer in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 , and the White Sox loaded the bases in the fifth	False
Axelrod had n't pitched since Sept. 12 , and he had n't started since July 10 , when he also gave up seven runs to the Tigers . He said he knew in advance he would be pitching Friday . Garcia , who was traded from Detroit to Chicago earlier this season , homered off Scherzer in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 , and the White Sox loaded the bases in the fifth before Paul Konerko hit a weak grounder for the third	False
Garcia , who was traded from Detroit to Chicago earlier this season , homered off Scherzer in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 , and the White Sox loaded the bases in the fifth before Paul Konerko hit a weak grounder for the third out . Prince Fielder 's two - run single in the Detroit fifth	False
Prince Fielder 's two - run single in the Detroit fifth was followed by Martinez 's two - run homer . Omar Infante added an RBI triple . Garcia hit an RBI triple in the eighth	True
Bumgarner ( 13 - 9 ) has gone 19 straight starts without yielding more than three earned runs , the longest streak by a San Francisco pitcher since Tim Lincecum 's 19 in a row from 2007 - 08 . The previous Giants hurler to do it during one season was Ed Whitson in 1980 , according to STATS . Niese ( 7 - 8 ) threw seven solid innings for the Mets , who rallied for four runs in the ninth	True
Niese ( 7 - 8 ) threw seven solid innings for the Mets , who rallied for four runs in the ninth to win 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . They batted .184 while going 4 - 7 on their penultimate homestand . With a runner on second	False
Giants closer Sergio Romo , who had a blown save Wednesday , was rested after throwing 50 pitches over the previous two days . Bumgarner caught a potentially painful break in the sixth	True
Bumgarner caught a potentially painful break in the sixth . With runners at the corners , Wilmer Flores hit a sharp grounder that appeared headed up the middle for a tying single . But the ball smacked off Bumgarner 's left shin and pinballed right to first baseman Buster Posey for the third	False
With runners at the corners , Wilmer Flores hit a sharp grounder that appeared headed up the middle for a tying single . But the ball smacked off Bumgarner 's left shin and pinballed right to first baseman Buster Posey for the third out . Bumgarner walked back to the dugout with no problem , then retired Eric Young Jr. with two on to end the seventh	True
Following his 13th career game with double-digit strikeouts , Bumgarner needs one more K to reach 200 in a season for the first time . The All-Star left-hander surpassed 200 innings for the third consecutive year . Jean Machi pitched a perfect eighth	True
Jean Machi pitched a perfect eighth . San Francisco scored twice in the fourth	True
Perez said he 'll have many more folks coming to the Yankees series -- including his father , who was unable to attend Thursday because he was working . Josh Satin had a leadoff double in the fourth	True
Perez said he 'll have many more folks coming to the Yankees series -- including his father , who was unable to attend Thursday because he was working . Josh Satin had a leadoff double in the fourth for New York 's first hit . He scored on Daniel Murphy 's single , but Bumgarner avoided further damage with the help of some fine defense by Arias at third	False
Kinsler 's 12th home run broke a streak of seven homerless games for the Rangers , their longest in 23 years . The 1 - 0 lead marked the first time Texas has led in a game since its last victory , on Sept. 8 . Kinsler added a two - run single in the Rangers ' four - run third	True
Washington said after the game that Ogando will start Sunday at Kansas City . Leonys Martin doubled twice and added a ninth-inning home run , his eighth	False
Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) , who leads the major leagues with 47 saves , blew a save chance for just the fourth time this season . Atlanta trailed 3 - 0 but took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth	True
Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) , who leads the major leagues with 47 saves , blew a save chance for just the fourth time this season . Atlanta trailed 3 - 0 but took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth on Evan Gattis ' two - run homer off Tyler Clippard on an 0 - 2 pitch , which stopped an 0 - for - 18 skid . The Braves added a run in the ninth	False
Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) , who leads the major leagues with 47 saves , blew a save chance for just the fourth time this season . Atlanta trailed 3 - 0 but took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth on Evan Gattis ' two - run homer off Tyler Clippard on an 0 - 2 pitch , which stopped an 0 - for - 18 skid . The Braves added a run in the ninth when Elliot Johnson singled , advanced on a throwing error by left fielder Bryce Harper , stole third	False
Atlanta trailed 3 - 0 but took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth on Evan Gattis ' two - run homer off Tyler Clippard on an 0 - 2 pitch , which stopped an 0 - for - 18 skid . The Braves added a run in the ninth when Elliot Johnson singled , advanced on a throwing error by left fielder Bryce Harper , stole third and came around as Desmond allowed Freddie Freeman 's four - hop grounder to shortstop to bounce off the heel of his glove for his 18th error this season . In the ninth	True
In the ninth , Adam LaRoche walked on a full count , Wilson Ramos reached on an infield single and Anthony Rendon walked on a 3 - 2 pitch . After Tracy 's grounder , Atlanta elected to pitch to Span with first base open , and he hit a three - hopper over the mound that rolled past Simmons into center field . Span was given an RBI , with the second run scoring on the error . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) faced two batters in the ninth	True
Span 's second-inning single extended his hitting streak to 27 games , matching Colorado 's Michael Cuddyer for the longest in the major leagues this season . Washington took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Washington took a 3 - 0 lead in the first against Mike Minor on Jayson Werth 's RBI double , Harper 's run-scoring groundout and LaRoche 's RBI single . Freeman 's sixth-inning sacrifice fly off Haren made him the first Atlanta player with 100 RBIs in a season since Chipper Jones and Jeff Francoeur in 2007 , and pinch-hitter Dan Uggla singled in a run in the seventh	True
D'Arnaud came through in a game of many missed opportunities and after the two previous batters grounded into forceouts at the plate . New York had loaded the bases with no outs against Zach Phillip ( 0 - 1 ) , making his third appearance for the Marlins . Ryan Webb relieved after Lucas Duda walked to load the bases and got pinch-hitter Zach Lutz to ground to third base . Andrew Brown then grounded to first base , and the throw went home for the second	False
Ryan Webb relieved after Lucas Duda walked to load the bases and got pinch-hitter Zach Lutz to ground to third base . Andrew Brown then grounded to first base , and the throw went home for the second out . D'Arnaud , who singled in the 11th	True
Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th inning , his 12th appearance between Pittsburgh and New York this year . Miami wasted chances early , going 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position in the first nine innings . Eric Young Jr. was the only Mets player to reach second base -- a two - out double in the sixth -- until they put a runner on third	False
Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th inning , his 12th appearance between Pittsburgh and New York this year . Miami wasted chances early , going 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position in the first nine innings . Eric Young Jr. was the only Mets player to reach second base -- a two - out double in the sixth -- until they put a runner on third in the 11th	True
The Marlins have lost eight of 10 . Gee and Koehler had batters flummoxed into the eighth	True
Pitching in front of more than 40 friends and family from the area -- he grew up in New Rochelle and played college ball at Stony Brook -- he was impressive against a team that had scored just 12 runs in the first seven games of a homestand . Gee sent a soft line drive over a ducking Koehler 's head with two outs in the third	True
Gee has been stingy when he has allowed runners on base . Batters were just 3 of 28 with runners in scoring position coming and the Marlins were worse : hitless in seven at-bats against the right-hander . Gee gave up six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out eight , including four in a row between the second	True
Gee has been stingy when he has allowed runners on base . Batters were just 3 of 28 with runners in scoring position coming and the Marlins were worse : hitless in seven at-bats against the right-hander . Gee gave up six hits in 7 1/3 innings . He walked two and struck out eight , including four in a row between the second and third	True
Reliever Jonathan Papelbon retired Wilson Ramos on hard grounder to short and the Phillies held on for a 5 - 4 win over the Nationals , snapping Washington 's seven - game winning streak . Ryan Zimmerman doubled off Papelbon ( 5 - 2 ) to start the ninth	True
Carlos Ruiz had two doubles and three RBIs and John Mayberry homered for the Phillies . The Nationals , who had scored three in the seventh	True
Gio Gonzalez ( 10 - 7 ) , coming off a one - hitter against the Mets , allowed four runs on nine hits in six innings . Pinch-hitter Scott Hairston , Span and Ryan Zimmerman singled to load the bases in the seventh	True
Pinch-hitter Scott Hairston , Span and Ryan Zimmerman singled to load the bases in the seventh and end Hamels ' night . Facing Justin De Fratus , Jayson Werth grounded to third	False
Facing Justin De Fratus , Jayson Werth grounded to third and Cody Asche threw home for the out . Ian Desmond plated Span with a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 2 . Left-hander Cesar Jimenez came in to pitch to Harper and Harper blooped a single to center scoring Zimmerman . When center fielder Cesar Hernandez overran the ball , Harper went to second	False
Facing Justin De Fratus , Jayson Werth grounded to third and Cody Asche threw home for the out . Ian Desmond plated Span with a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 2 . Left-hander Cesar Jimenez came in to pitch to Harper and Harper blooped a single to center scoring Zimmerman . When center fielder Cesar Hernandez overran the ball , Harper went to second and Werth scored from first	False
B. J. Rosenberg fanned Ramos on a called third strike . Philadelphia took the lead in the fifth	True
Since Aug. 8 , Ruiz is batting .583 ( 14 for 24 ) with runners in scoring position , with six doubles and 19 RBIs . Utley added what turned out to be a crucial RBI-single in the seventh	True
Utley added what turned out to be a crucial RBI-single in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . Washington took the lead in the first	True
Utley added what turned out to be a crucial RBI-single in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . Washington took the lead in the first . Span singled , stole second	False
Utley added what turned out to be a crucial RBI-single in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . Washington took the lead in the first . Span singled , stole second , went to third	False
Swisher , who sat out Wednesday 's loss to Kansas City , hit his 18th homer with one out to open the scoring . After Kipnis singled and Carlos Santana walked , Raburn 's line shot to left barely cleared the fence for his 16th homer , making it 4 - 0 . After Kipnis drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Swisher , who sat out Wednesday 's loss to Kansas City , hit his 18th homer with one out to open the scoring . After Kipnis singled and Carlos Santana walked , Raburn 's line shot to left barely cleared the fence for his 16th homer , making it 4 - 0 . After Kipnis drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth to extend Cleveland 's lead to 7 - 2 , the Indians ran away with seven runs in the fifth	True
The Nationals improved to 22 - 9 in their late charge toward a playoff spot . They remained six games behind Cincinnati for the final NL wild-card spot with only 17 to play . Zimmerman hit his fifth home run in five games . He also stole a base , but was hit in the back by the throw and left in the bottom of the ninth	True
The Mets were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention during the day . Battered by the Mets and Marlins in his previous two starts , Haren dominated . He gave up a single to Juan Lagares in the fourth	True
Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) gave up one run and eight hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one . He wound up with his third loss in four starts . Zimmerman opened the sixth	True
`` I got him with a changeup and a backup cutter . '' Aoki struck for the third time against another rookie , lefty Kevin Siegrist , with a runner on second	False
`` I got him with a changeup and a backup cutter . '' Aoki struck for the third time against another rookie , lefty Kevin Siegrist , with a runner on second to end the seventh	True
Aoki struck for the third time against another rookie , lefty Kevin Siegrist , with a runner on second to end the seventh . Aoki entered the game as the toughest batter to fan in the majors this year , averaging one per 17.2 at-bats . Matt Carpenter and Matt Adams added RBIs in the seventh	True
Aoki struck for the third time against another rookie , lefty Kevin Siegrist , with a runner on second to end the seventh . Aoki entered the game as the toughest batter to fan in the majors this year , averaging one per 17.2 at-bats . Matt Carpenter and Matt Adams added RBIs in the seventh and eighth	False
Peralta ( 9 - 15 ) was significantly improved over his first two starts against the Cardinals , both in May , in which he allowed 12 runs and 22 hits in 9 1/3 innings . In 6 2/3 innings he was charged with three runs and three hits with seven strikeouts . The Brewers avoided getting shut out for a third time by St. Louis on pinch-hitter Logan Schafer 's two - run homer off Edward Mujica in the ninth	True
The Brewers avoided getting shut out for a third time by St. Louis on pinch-hitter Logan Schafer 's two - run homer off Edward Mujica in the ninth . Peralta struck out five of the first seven hitters and the Cardinals had two baserunners the first five innings : a walk by Holliday in the fourth	True
The Brewers avoided getting shut out for a third time by St. Louis on pinch-hitter Logan Schafer 's two - run homer off Edward Mujica in the ninth . Peralta struck out five of the first seven hitters and the Cardinals had two baserunners the first five innings : a walk by Holliday in the fourth and first baseman Jonathan Lucroy 's error on a dropped throw in the third	True
The Brewers avoided getting shut out for a third time by St. Louis on pinch-hitter Logan Schafer 's two - run homer off Edward Mujica in the ninth . Peralta struck out five of the first seven hitters and the Cardinals had two baserunners the first five innings : a walk by Holliday in the fourth and first baseman Jonathan Lucroy 's error on a dropped throw in the third . Aoki kept the no-hitter going with a sliding catch down the right field line that robbed David Freese of a hit opening the fifth	True
Peralta struck out five of the first seven hitters and the Cardinals had two baserunners the first five innings : a walk by Holliday in the fourth and first baseman Jonathan Lucroy 's error on a dropped throw in the third . Aoki kept the no-hitter going with a sliding catch down the right field line that robbed David Freese of a hit opening the fifth . Holliday fouled balls off his left foot or ankle three times in the first two at-bats , near where he 's wearing a guard from previous occurrences . Carpenter walked to open the sixth	True
Galvis hit a game-ending homer with one out in the ninth inning to lift Philadelphia to a 6 - 5 win over the Atlanta Braves on Saturday night . Atlanta had trailed 5 - 3 going into the ninth	True
Freddie Freeman had two hits and two RBIs for NL East-leading Atlanta , which dropped its third straight . Kyle Kendrick was in line for the victory before the ninth	True
Kyle Kendrick was in line for the victory before the ninth . Kendrick , who had lost a career-high tying four - game losing streak , retired the first six Braves before scuffling in the third inning . Freeman 's two - run double staked Atlanta to a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ruiz 's two - run single . And Ruiz 's fifth-inning double put Philadelphia ahead 3 - 2 . Galvis also had an RBI single in the fifth	True
The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ruiz 's two - run single . And Ruiz 's fifth-inning double put Philadelphia ahead 3 - 2 . Galvis also had an RBI single in the fifth to give the Phillies a two - run advantage . Chris Johnson 's sixth-inning double pulled Atlanta within 4 - 3 , but the Phillies bullpen held Atlanta scoreless until the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one to beat former New York Mets teammate Mike Pelfrey after losing to him in Toronto in July . Jose Reyes reached base all four times and sparked a five - run second	True
Jose Reyes reached base all four times and sparked a five - run second against Pelfrey ( 5 - 11 ) with an RBI single . Brett Lawrie hit a two - run single and Moises Sierra followed with a two - run double in that inning . Casey Janssen gave up a home run to rookie catcher Josmil Pinto in the ninth	True
Chris Colabello , the fill-in for Morneau at first base , had three RBIs . Pinto had two more hits and is 9 for 14 to start his career . With two on and two out after an RBI single by Trevor Plouffe in the eighth	True
With two on and two out after an RBI single by Trevor Plouffe in the eighth against Dustin McGowan , Colabello came up as the go-ahead run . But he struck out on a full-count fastball from the right-hander . In the seventh	True
Jhoulys Chacin ( 13 - 8 ) allowed four runs in seven innings in losing to the Dodgers for the first time in four starts this season . Down two runs , the Rockies pulled within one when pinch-hitter Josh Rutledge , batting for Carlos Gonzalez , led off the eighth	True
Down two runs , the Rockies pulled within one when pinch-hitter Josh Rutledge , batting for Carlos Gonzalez , led off the eighth with a drive off reliever Paco Rodriguez that reached the bleachers in left . Rodriguez walked Dexter Fowler and was relieved by Ronald Belisario . After D. J. LeMahieu sacrificed , Belisario got Troy Tulowitzki to line out to short and Fowler was doubled off second	False
After D. J. LeMahieu sacrificed , Belisario got Troy Tulowitzki to line out to short and Fowler was doubled off second when he was caught off the bag . The Dodgers came back to load the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
Chris Withrow got the final out for his first save . The Dodgers opened a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers opened a 3 - 0 lead in the second , loading the bases on Andre Ethier 's double , Ellis ' walk and Skip Schumaker 's infield single . Tim Federowicz drove in the first run with a sacrifice fly and after Nolasco moved the runners up with another sacrifice , Crawford came through with a two - run single to left . Adrian Gonzalez put the Dodgers up 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez put the Dodgers up 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Nolasco had allowed only one hit before Charlie Blackmon doubled with two outs in the fifth	True
Nolasco had allowed only one hit before Charlie Blackmon doubled with two outs in the fifth . Chacin followed with an RBI single to right . The Rockies pulled within two after LeMahieu doubled to start the sixth	True
Nolasco had allowed only one hit before Charlie Blackmon doubled with two outs in the fifth . Chacin followed with an RBI single to right . The Rockies pulled within two after LeMahieu doubled to start the sixth , took third	False
The Cubs came through against Phillies starter Kyle Kendrick ( 10 - 12 ) , scoring five runs on eight hits in six innings off the right-hander . Ryan Sweeney , activated from the 60-day disabled list Sunday , delivered in his first at-bat since breaking a left rib when he crashed into the center field wall June 29 in Seattle . Sweeney 's single to center scored Darwin Barney from second	False
Ryan Sweeney , activated from the 60-day disabled list Sunday , delivered in his first at-bat since breaking a left rib when he crashed into the center field wall June 29 in Seattle . Sweeney 's single to center scored Darwin Barney from second to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning . Kendrick snared Donnie Murphy 's liner to strand runners on the corners to end the inning . Anthony Rizzo 's double off the right field wall -- just out of reach of a leaping Darin Ruf -- scored Starlin Castro from first extending the Cubs ' lead in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo 's double off the right field wall -- just out of reach of a leaping Darin Ruf -- scored Starlin Castro from first extending the Cubs ' lead in the third . Ruf got a run back in the fourth	False
Ruf got a run back in the fourth , hitting a solo homer off Arrieta to cut the Phillies ' deficit to 2 - 1 . The Phillies have lost 21 of their last 23 games when scoring three runs or less . The Cubs then broke the game open in the bottom half , starting the inning with three consecutive hits , including back-to-back doubles by Brian Bogusevic and Welington Castillo . Castillo 's double to left-center field drove in two runs . Arrieta hit a fly ball to right and Castillo advanced to third	False
Ruf delivered an on-target throw home on Barney 's sacrifice fly to right field , however , Phillies catcher Erik Kratz could n't hold onto the ball when he went to tag Castillo , giving the Cubs another run and a 5 - 1 lead . Pinch-hitter Luis Valbuena , who was activated from the 15-day DL before the game , drew a bases-loaded walk in the eighth	True
Ortiz enjoyed even more success in Game 5 after moving up from cleanup to the third slot . He is 11 - for - 15 ( .733 ) in the series with two homers , six RBIs and four walks . He left in a double switch , shortly after legging out a single in the eighth	True
Lester enhanced his reputation as an October ace with every pitch . He allowed one run and four hits in 7 2/3 innings , striking out seven without a walk . It was nearly the same line he had in beating Wainwright in the opener . The lefty , who has won all three of his career World Series starts , had just one rough inning , when Matt Holliday homered in the fourth	True
Lester was getting loose near the warning track when a team of eight Clydesdales pulling a beer wagon came trotting by . He moved aside to watch the Busch Stadium tradition . He also took a brief break in the seventh	True
Koji Uehara got four outs for his second save of the series . No crazy endings this time , either , following one night with an obstruction call and the next with Uehara 's game-finishing pickoff . The Cardinals went quickly in the ninth	True
The Cardinals went quickly in the ninth and now need two wins in Boston . They overcame a 3 - 2 series deficit at home to beat the Texas Rangers for the 2011 title . Ortiz put Boston ahead with an RBI double in the first	True
`` Big Papi '' and the Red Sox took two of three at the National League park despite playing without a designated hitter . Ortiz became the first baseman , putting slugger Mike Napoli on the bench . The Red Sox lead the series despite a .205 team batting average . Ortiz has one - third	False
The baseball fans got to see Lester do more than pitch . He helped himself in the field , knocking down a hard comebacker and swiftly handling a bunt . He also made a dent with his bat , sort of . Going in with a career 0 - for - 31 mark at the plate , he nubbed a ball in front of the plate and was thrown out leading off the third	True
While talk of umpires ' calls dominated discussion following two of the opening three games , this one turned on a manager 's pregame decision . John Farrell 's original lineup did n't include Gomes , but Victorino 's back had been bothering him since Saturday , so Daniel Nava was moved from left field to right and from fifth	True
While talk of umpires ' calls dominated discussion following two of the opening three games , this one turned on a manager 's pregame decision . John Farrell 's original lineup did n't include Gomes , but Victorino 's back had been bothering him since Saturday , so Daniel Nava was moved from left field to right and from fifth to second	False
Gomes had been 0 - for - 9 in the series before the home run , and Red Sox outfielders had been 4 - for - 40 with no RBIs . Following Dustin Pedroia 's two - out single and a four - pitch walk to Ortiz by Lynn , Maness threw five straight sinkers to Gomes , who sent the last one into the Red Sox bullpen in left as Matt Holliday kept running back only to run out of room . Carpenter singled home a run in the seventh	True
Gomes had been 0 - for - 9 in the series before the home run , and Red Sox outfielders had been 4 - for - 40 with no RBIs . Following Dustin Pedroia 's two - out single and a four - pitch walk to Ortiz by Lynn , Maness threw five straight sinkers to Gomes , who sent the last one into the Red Sox bullpen in left as Matt Holliday kept running back only to run out of room . Carpenter singled home a run in the seventh off Craig Breslow after pinch-hitter Shane Robinson doubled with two outs against Doubront . Junichi Tazawa came in and got Holliday to hit an inning-ending grounder to second	False
Carpenter singled home a run in the seventh off Craig Breslow after pinch-hitter Shane Robinson doubled with two outs against Doubront . Junichi Tazawa came in and got Holliday to hit an inning-ending grounder to second , a night after allowing a tiebreaking , two - run double to the slugger . Doubront got the win with 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief . Lackey , the Game 2 loser and Boston 's probable Game 6 starter , pitched the eighth	True
Doubront got the win with 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief . Lackey , the Game 2 loser and Boston 's probable Game 6 starter , pitched the eighth for his first relief appearance in nine years , overcoming a two - base throwing error by third baseman Xander Bogaerts -- Boston 's seventh error of the series -- and a wild pitch . With a runner on third	False
Lynn was the hard-luck loser , leaving with the score tied and two on for Maness , who allowed Gomes ' homer on his fifth pitch . It was a special anniversary for both teams . Exactly nine years ago , the Red Sox completed a four - game sweep of the Cardinals across the street at old Busch Stadium for their first championship since 1918 . And two years ago , Freese hit a tying , two - run , two - out triple in the ninth	True
Lynn was the hard-luck loser , leaving with the score tied and two on for Maness , who allowed Gomes ' homer on his fifth pitch . It was a special anniversary for both teams . Exactly nine years ago , the Red Sox completed a four - game sweep of the Cardinals across the street at old Busch Stadium for their first championship since 1918 . And two years ago , Freese hit a tying , two - run , two - out triple in the ninth against the Texas Rangers and a winning homer in the 11th	True
This time , Gonzalez went 3 - for - 4 with two solo homers and three runs scored . His two - out shot in the eighth made it 6 - 2 . The Cardinals tied it at 2 in the third	True
The Cardinals tied it at 2 in the third on Carlos Beltran 's RBI triple and Holliday 's run-scoring double before Yadier Molina grounded into his second inning-ending double play against Greinke . Los Angeles answered in the bottom of the third	False
Gonzalez replied : `` Hey , if Carl wants them . It 's for him , not for anybody else . '' After wriggling out of big trouble in the first	True
After wriggling out of big trouble in the first when Molina bounced into a double play , Greinke allowed two runs and six hits . He struck out four and walked one . Jansen gave up RBI singles to Matt Adams and Pete Kozma in the ninth	True
Jansen gave up RBI singles to Matt Adams and Pete Kozma in the ninth . Ellis homered in the seventh	True
Ellis homered in the seventh , sending an 0 - 2 pitch from Edward Mujica into the left-field pavilion to make it 5 - 2 . Crawford homered with one out in the fifth	True
Kelly gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings , struck out three and walked none . Beltran 's triple went over the head of Andre Ethier and to the wall in center , scoring Matt Carpenter , who singled . Holliday followed with a double to deep center , but that was it for St. Louis until the ninth	True
Scherzer overpowered the A 's with his blazing fastball and then baffled them with his off-speed stuff . The right-hander struck out 11 over seven innings as the Tigers grabbed Game 1 of this playoff rematch from 2012 . Miguel Cabrera helped stake Detroit to an early lead before the banged-up slugger left in the eighth	True
The A 's struck out 16 times in all , a franchise record in a postseason game . Cabrera , hindered by a groin strain late in a season of injuries for last year 's Triple Crown winner , did n't have to overextend himself on defense thanks to Scherzer 's 118-pitch gem . But he did look uncomfortable running out a grounder in the eighth	True
Cabrera and Alex Avila each hit first-inning RBI singles against 40-year-old All-Star Bartolo Colon , whose winless stretch against the Tigers extended to 10 years . Scherzer retired 16 of his first 18 batters and was nearly untouchable before Cespedes hit a two - run drive in the seventh	True
Scherzer retired 16 of his first 18 batters and was nearly untouchable before Cespedes hit a two - run drive in the seventh for his first career playoff home run . The strikeouts were his most in seven postseason starts . Cespedes struck out in the ninth	True
The majors ' lone 20-game winner , Scherzer ( 21 - 3 ) allowed three hits and walked two . Scherzer issued a two - out walk to Coco Crisp in the third	True
The majors ' lone 20-game winner , Scherzer ( 21 - 3 ) allowed three hits and walked two . Scherzer issued a two - out walk to Coco Crisp in the third and then retired his next eight batters in order before Crisp drew a full-count free pass in the sixth	True
The majors ' lone 20-game winner , Scherzer ( 21 - 3 ) allowed three hits and walked two . Scherzer issued a two - out walk to Coco Crisp in the third and then retired his next eight batters in order before Crisp drew a full-count free pass in the sixth . Scherzer struck out the side in the fourth	True
The majors ' lone 20-game winner , Scherzer ( 21 - 3 ) allowed three hits and walked two . Scherzer issued a two - out walk to Coco Crisp in the third and then retired his next eight batters in order before Crisp drew a full-count free pass in the sixth . Scherzer struck out the side in the fourth and recorded two more K 's in the fifth	False
Scherzer issued a two - out walk to Coco Crisp in the third and then retired his next eight batters in order before Crisp drew a full-count free pass in the sixth . Scherzer struck out the side in the fourth and recorded two more K 's in the fifth . Oakland had the tying run aboard in the eighth	False
Omar Infante added a pair of singles for a Tigers team determined to take this postseason run one step further after being swept by the San Francisco Giants in the 2012 World Series . Detroit nearly added a run in the sixth	True
Colon put himself in a hole from the start , surrendering Austin Jackson 's double to lead off the game and then hitting Torii Hunter with a pitch . Cabrera singled up the middle for the first run , and then Prince Fielder grounded into a double play to bring home another . Avila added an RBI single . Cespedes hit a one - out triple over Andy Dirks ' head in the second	True
Cespedes hit a one - out triple over Andy Dirks ' head in the second but Oakland was unable to drive him in . Leyland went with Dirks in left over Jhonny Peralta , who made the playoff roster a week after completing a 50-game suspension for ties to the Biogenesis lab accused of distributing performance-enhancing drugs . Peralta lined out as a pinch hitter in the ninth	True
Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with two scoreless innings of relief and Tommy Hunter got three outs for the save . Hunter earned the job as closer this spring after the Orioles dealt away Jim Johnson during the offseason . The Red Sox got two on with one out in the ninth	True
Orioles starter Chris Tillman allowed one run , seven hits and a walk in five innings . The right-hander went 3 - 1 against Boston last year , but in this one he needed 104 pitches to get 15 outs . Britton gave up a one - out double to Xander Bogaerts in the sixth	True
Orioles starter Chris Tillman allowed one run , seven hits and a walk in five innings . The right-hander went 3 - 1 against Boston last year , but in this one he needed 104 pitches to get 15 outs . Britton gave up a one - out double to Xander Bogaerts in the sixth and got three straight outs in the seventh	True
Britton gave up a one - out double to Xander Bogaerts in the sixth and got three straight outs in the seventh , the only time all day that Boston went down in order . Evan Meek walked two in the eighth	False
Hopeful that the offseason acquisitions of Cruz and right-hander Ubaldo Jimenez will enable Baltimore to return to the playoffs after missing out last year , Orioles fans were out in force . Until recently , games against Boston often drew as many Red Sox backers as those rooting for the home team . The Orioles used a walk , a single by Matt Wieters and a double-play grounder to take a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Orioles used a walk , a single by Matt Wieters and a double-play grounder to take a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Red Sox put runners at second	False
The Orioles used a walk , a single by Matt Wieters and a double-play grounder to take a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Red Sox put runners at second and third	False
The Orioles used a walk , a single by Matt Wieters and a double-play grounder to take a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Red Sox put runners at second and third with two outs in the third	True
The Orioles used a walk , a single by Matt Wieters and a double-play grounder to take a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Red Sox put runners at second and third with two outs in the third before Tillman struck out Mike Carp . In the fourth	True
Manager Don Mattingly has been around for 275 of those victories . The laid-back former Yankee quipped that he might even keep a souvenir ball from this milestone victory . With the bases loaded and the Twins trailing 5 - 1 in the seventh	True
Greinke was n't fazed , and won his 12th game in 17 starts since Aug. 5 . The right-hander has pitched at least five innings and allowed two runs or fewer in 18 consecutive regular season starts . With Minnesota up 1 - 0 , Drew Butera slid headfirst and touched home just ahead of Kurt Suzuki 's tag after Hanley Ramierz singled to left in the third	True
Manager Ron Gardenhire challenged the safe call by home plate umpire Chris Segal , but lost after the call was confirmed following a 2-minute replay review . Uribe 's two - run single made it 5 - 1 in the seventh	True
Lackey pitched eight solid innings with temperatures in the low 40s as the Boston Red Sox beat the slumping Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lackey 's teammates showed their appreciation with a five - run rally in the sixth	True
Lackey 's teammates showed their appreciation with a five - run rally in the sixth as the Red Sox opened a three - game series with a win over their American League East rivals . Shane Victorino drove in his first two runs of the season while going 4 for 4 , hiking his batting average from .133 to .316 . Victorino was playing in his fourth game after missing the first 22 with a hamstring injury . He singled in his first two at-bats , hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Lackey 's teammates showed their appreciation with a five - run rally in the sixth as the Red Sox opened a three - game series with a win over their American League East rivals . Shane Victorino drove in his first two runs of the season while going 4 for 4 , hiking his batting average from .133 to .316 . Victorino was playing in his fourth game after missing the first 22 with a hamstring injury . He singled in his first two at-bats , hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth and added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Shane Victorino drove in his first two runs of the season while going 4 for 4 , hiking his batting average from .133 to .316 . Victorino was playing in his fourth game after missing the first 22 with a hamstring injury . He singled in his first two at-bats , hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth and added an RBI double in the sixth . Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) scattered six hits and allowed two runs , striking out five and walking one . After the Rays scored twice in the ninth	True
The Rays lost for the seventh time in eight road games and are 4 - 9 away from home . Wil Myers had two hits and scored a run for the Rays . James Loney hit two doubles and joined Myers as the only Tampa Bay players with more than one hit . Both scored in the ninth	True
Wil Myers had two hits and scored a run for the Rays . James Loney hit two doubles and joined Myers as the only Tampa Bay players with more than one hit . Both scored in the ninth on a throwing error by Bogaerts at shortstop . The Rays began the second leg of a 10-game road trip , which they started 1 - 3 in Chicago . Erik Bedard held Boston to one run through five innings , but the bullpen could not stop the Red Sox in the sixth	True
Brandon Gomes ( 1 - 1 ) started the sixth inning , and immediately walked Mike Napoli and Jonny Gomes . Juan Carlos Oviedo took over with one out and fared no better . A. J. Pierzynski hit an RBI single , then Will Middlebrooks and Bradley hit back-to-back doubles . Bradley 's shot to center bounced off the wall in one of the deepest parts of Fenway Park , scoring Pierzynski and Middlebrooks easily . Bradley went to third	False
Bedard got his third no-decision in four starts . He allowed four hits , striking out four and walking three . Middlebrooks walked to start the fifth	True
Bedard got his third no-decision in four starts . He allowed four hits , striking out four and walking three . Middlebrooks walked to start the fifth and went to third	False
Middlebrooks walked to start the fifth and went to third when Bradley doubled to center . The Rays nearly got out of it when Dustin Pedroia lined out to third baseman Evan Longoria , who made a dive for the bag . Middlebrooks was diving in the other direction and barely beat the tag , then scored on Victorino 's fly to center to put Boston up 1 - 0 . The Rays got the run back in the sixth	True
Perez 's two - run double off Sergio Santos in the Royals ' six - run eighth put the Royals ahead . Perez 's four RBIs matched his career high . The Royals had scored only four runs in the eighth inning in their first 24 games . Perez , who has three consecutive multihit games , homered in the seventh	True
Perez , who has three consecutive multihit games , homered in the seventh with Alex Gordon aboard to trim Toronto 's lead to 5 - 4 . He was mired in a 1 - for - 29 skid before breaking out with seven hits in the past three games . The Royals sent 10 men to the plate in the eighth	True
The Royals sent 10 men to the plate in the eighth , which included Omar Infante driving in two runs after collecting six RBIs on Sunday . Nori Aoki and Jarrod Dyson added RBI singles . Aaron Crow ( 1 - 1 ) , the third	False
The Royals took advantage of two walks and a wild pitch , plus a throwing error on catcher Dioner Navarro to score two runs in the second inning . The Royals won a challenge review in the second	True
Abreu drove in four runs and set a major league rookie record for RBIs through the end of April and the Chicago White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 2 on Sunday . Abreu , who had a two - run home run in the sixth	True
Abreu drove in four runs and set a major league rookie record for RBIs through the end of April and the Chicago White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 2 on Sunday . Abreu , who had a two - run home run in the sixth and a two - run single in the seventh	True
Abreu , who had a two - run home run in the sixth and a two - run single in the seventh , has 31 RBIs to lead the majors . Albert Pujols had the previous rookie RBI mark of 27 in 2001 . Abreu 's homer was his major league-leading 10th	False
Rays starter David Price ( 3 - 2 ) allowed eight runs , six earned , in six innings . Trailing 1 - 0 , the White Sox scored five runs in the sixth	True
Rays starter David Price ( 3 - 2 ) allowed eight runs , six earned , in six innings . Trailing 1 - 0 , the White Sox scored five runs in the sixth and four runs in the seventh	False
Trailing 1 - 0 , the White Sox scored five runs in the sixth and four runs in the seventh . The Rays committed four errors in the sixth	True
Trailing 1 - 0 , the White Sox scored five runs in the sixth and four runs in the seventh . The Rays committed four errors in the sixth . Gordon Beckham reached on an error and scored from second	False
Dayan Viciedo doubled and scored on shortstop Yunel Escobar 's throwing error for a 5 - 1 lead . Semien doubled to extend the White Sox lead to 6 - 1 in the seventh	True
Abreu hit a two - run single and Ramirez added an RBI single for a 9 - 1 lead . The Rays went ahead 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Rays went ahead 1 - 0 in the fifth when David DeJesus singled and scored on right fielder Viciedo 's error . The Rays scored their second run in the eighth	True
`` To get the swing and miss and then carry it deeper , a big-time push from Stolmy . '' Matt Holliday had an RBI double for the Cardinals , who have mustered five runs in their last six games . They got three hits and a run after Liriano left and got beat by an over-shifted defense , too , when Matt Adams lined out to shortstop Jordy Mercer stationed right behind the second-base bag with a man on third	False
`` To get the swing and miss and then carry it deeper , a big-time push from Stolmy . '' Matt Holliday had an RBI double for the Cardinals , who have mustered five runs in their last six games . They got three hits and a run after Liriano left and got beat by an over-shifted defense , too , when Matt Adams lined out to shortstop Jordy Mercer stationed right behind the second-base bag with a man on third in the seventh	True
`` It 's just the way it 's going right now . '' Molina was a bust on his jersey giveaway day , striking out with the bases loaded to end the third	True
`` It 's just the way it 's going right now . '' Molina was a bust on his jersey giveaway day , striking out with the bases loaded to end the third against Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) and popping out with runners on second	False
`` It 's just the way it 's going right now . '' Molina was a bust on his jersey giveaway day , striking out with the bases loaded to end the third against Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) and popping out with runners on second and third	False
`` It 's just the way it 's going right now . '' Molina was a bust on his jersey giveaway day , striking out with the bases loaded to end the third against Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) and popping out with runners on second and third to end the fifth	True
Molina was a bust on his jersey giveaway day , striking out with the bases loaded to end the third against Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) and popping out with runners on second and third to end the fifth against Hughes . He entered batting .431 during a 15-game hitting streak . Andrew McCutchen and Jose Tabata each added an RBI off Tyler Lyons ( 0 - 2 ) in the fourth	True
Pittsburgh also has struggled offensively , totaling four runs during its losing streak , and got shut out 1 - 0 in the series opener Friday . Liriano walked Lyons to start the third	True
Liriano walked Lyons to start the third and was behind 3 - 0 against leadoff man Matt Carpenter before meeting with a trainer on the mound , and then departing . Tony Sanchez added a two - run single in the ninth	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Detroit Tigers had Kevin Correia on the ropes in the second inning but missed their first chance to knock him out . They did n't miss their second	False
But the Tigers had more in store for Correia . Hunter led off the third	True
There are no statements delivered in April , but the Tigers did throw a little cold water on what has been a surprising start to the season for the Twins . Minnesota has lost at least 96 games in each of the past three years , but rode the second-highest scoring offense in the American League to an 11 - 10 start that put the Twins right on heavily favored Detroit 's heels in the AL Central . After breezing through the first five innings , Porcello did n't get an out in the sixth	True
There are no statements delivered in April , but the Tigers did throw a little cold water on what has been a surprising start to the season for the Twins . Minnesota has lost at least 96 games in each of the past three years , but rode the second-highest scoring offense in the American League to an 11 - 10 start that put the Twins right on heavily favored Detroit 's heels in the AL Central . After breezing through the first five innings , Porcello did n't get an out in the sixth before being lifted for Justin Miller . Ausmus had to use five more pitchers to finish the game , but that big third inning gave his team plenty of cushion to absorb a four - run sixth	True
Morales ( 2 - 1 ) knew it was his night when he unleashed his first sinker and it danced all over the place . He decided right then and there that he was n't going to be too fine with his splitter or his cutter or even his sinker , just let the pitch do what it naturally does . The hard-throwing lefty allowed five hits over seven innings , which matches the longest outing of his career . His only mistake was a hanging slider to Hunter Pence in the fifth	True
Bumgarner ( 2 - 2 ) was nearly as effective as Morales , his only slipups on fastballs that Troy Tulowitzki and Nolan Arenado hit for homers , with Arenado 's solo shot in the fifth putting the Rockies ahead for good . Bumgarner allowed nine hits in eight innings . It was the first complete game by a Giants starter in 2014 and third	False
Morales has n't fared all that well against San Francisco in his career , entering the game with a 0 - 3 mark and a 6.57 ERA . But he handcuffed the Giants most of the game . He worked his way into a jam in his seventh	True
No , he was n't . Pagan was n't the only Giant guessing at Morales ' assortment of pitches . Things got a little shaky for Colorado in the eighth	True
No , he was n't . Pagan was n't the only Giant guessing at Morales ' assortment of pitches . Things got a little shaky for Colorado in the eighth , when the Giants had runners on first	False
No , he was n't . Pagan was n't the only Giant guessing at Morales ' assortment of pitches . Things got a little shaky for Colorado in the eighth , when the Giants had runners on first and second	False
Things got a little shaky for Colorado in the eighth , when the Giants had runners on first and second with one out . Rex Brothers was summoned and enticed Pablo Sandoval to hit into a double play to quell the rally . Same thing with the ninth	True
Things got a little shaky for Colorado in the eighth , when the Giants had runners on first and second with one out . Rex Brothers was summoned and enticed Pablo Sandoval to hit into a double play to quell the rally . Same thing with the ninth , when LaTroy Hawkins took over after Brothers got the first	False
Arenado hit a solo shot into the seats in left to extend his hitting streak to a career-best 13 games . He 's hitting .365 during the streak , with two homers and six RBIs . Tulowitzki flashed his fielding skills in the top of the fourth	True
Tulowitzki flashed his fielding skills in the top of the fourth and hitting proficiency in the bottom half . With runners at first	False
Tulowitzki flashed his fielding skills in the top of the fourth and hitting proficiency in the bottom half . With runners at first and second	False
Tulowitzki flashed his fielding skills in the top of the fourth and hitting proficiency in the bottom half . With runners at first and second and one out , the smooth-fielding shortstop dove in the hole to snare Joaquin Arias ' grounder , quickly getting up and throwing to second	False
Jason Kipnis and Michael Brantley hit two - run homers to back McAllister , powering the Cleveland Indians over the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 Monday night when a trespassing squirrel ran around Progressive Field and provided some extra entertainment . Kipnis connected in the sixth inning off Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) , helping the Indians overcome a 3 - 2 deficit . Brantley provided Cleveland a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Kipnis connected in the sixth inning off Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) , helping the Indians overcome a 3 - 2 deficit . Brantley provided Cleveland a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) gave up six hits and overcame three errors -- one on his errant throw in the fifth	True
Kipnis connected in the sixth inning off Jeremy Guthrie ( 2 - 1 ) , helping the Indians overcome a 3 - 2 deficit . Brantley provided Cleveland a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) gave up six hits and overcame three errors -- one on his errant throw in the fifth . Marc Rzepczynski and Cody Allen pitched a hitless inning each , and closer John Axford worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) gave up six hits and overcame three errors -- one on his errant throw in the fifth . Marc Rzepczynski and Cody Allen pitched a hitless inning each , and closer John Axford worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his seventh save . After the Royals scored three times , McAllister got out of the fifth	True
McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) gave up six hits and overcame three errors -- one on his errant throw in the fifth . Marc Rzepczynski and Cody Allen pitched a hitless inning each , and closer John Axford worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his seventh save . After the Royals scored three times , McAllister got out of the fifth with an inning-ending double play and then shook off third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall 's error in the sixth	True
After the Royals scored three times , McAllister got out of the fifth with an inning-ending double play and then shook off third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall 's error in the sixth and notched his third straight win . McAllister also withstood a brief delay in the second	True
Indians designated hitter Jason Giambi went hitless in four at-bats in his season debut . He missed Cleveland 's first 18 games with a broken rib . Swisher led off the sixth	True
Swisher led off the sixth with his second double , and Kipnis followed with his third homer , a drive into the seats in right-center . Kipnis is 8 of 13 ( .615 ) with two homers and six RBIs off Guthrie , who except for the home runs pitched effectively for 6 1/3 innings . Helped by McAllister 's throwing error , the Royals scored three runs in the fifth	True
Helped by McAllister 's throwing error , the Royals scored three runs in the fifth to take a 3 - 2 lead . Mike Moustakas doubled to open the inning and scored when diving center fielder Michael Bourn could n't squeeze a sinking liner by Alcides Escobar . Jarrod Dyson followed with a bunt toward third	False
Helped by McAllister 's throwing error , the Royals scored three runs in the fifth to take a 3 - 2 lead . Mike Moustakas doubled to open the inning and scored when diving center fielder Michael Bourn could n't squeeze a sinking liner by Alcides Escobar . Jarrod Dyson followed with a bunt toward third that McAllister fielded cleanly before throwing wildly past first	False
Mike Moustakas doubled to open the inning and scored when diving center fielder Michael Bourn could n't squeeze a sinking liner by Alcides Escobar . Jarrod Dyson followed with a bunt toward third that McAllister fielded cleanly before throwing wildly past first , allowing Escobar to score . One out later , Infante 's RBI single put the Royals in front . Brantley connected in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas doubled to open the inning and scored when diving center fielder Michael Bourn could n't squeeze a sinking liner by Alcides Escobar . Jarrod Dyson followed with a bunt toward third that McAllister fielded cleanly before throwing wildly past first , allowing Escobar to score . One out later , Infante 's RBI single put the Royals in front . Brantley connected in the fourth for his team-leading fourth homer , and second	True
Yelich led off the inning with a double that extended his hitting streak to 14 games . He scored the tying run . Steve Cishek made it interesting in the ninth	True
A crowd of 20,208 took in the first day game this season at Marlins Park with the retractable roof open . It was 78 degrees when the game began and shadows partially covered the infield when the game ended . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tom Wilhelmsen ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss for the Mariners , which lost their sixth straight . After Giancarlo Stanton and Casey McGehee were walked by Wilhelmsen to load the bases in the eighth	True
Redmond immediately jumped out of the dugout to challenge the call , which was overturned after a delay of 2 minutes , 20 seconds . It was the second time replay was used in the series , which benefitted the Marlins . During Friday 's game , replay determined that third baseman Kyle Seeger bobbled the ball during a transfer leaving the Marlins with the based loaded in the ninth	True
Josh Donaldson walked and Yoenis Cespedes then singled . After Qualls struck out pinch-hitter John Jaso , Alberto Callaspo hit a tying single and Reddick followed with a one - out liner to right-center . Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the ninth	True
Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the ninth for the win after starter Scott Kazmir had gone eight strong innings . Jonathan Villar homered and scored twice for Houston . The Astros lost their sixth	False
Jonathan Villar homered and scored twice for Houston . The Astros lost their sixth in a row . A day after scoring seven runs in the first inning and hitting four home runs overall , the A 's were kept mostly quiet until their outburst in the ninth	True
A day after scoring seven runs in the first inning and hitting four home runs overall , the A 's were kept mostly quiet until their outburst in the ninth . Oakland had stranded 12 runners through the first eight innings and left the bases loaded in the sixth	True
A day after scoring seven runs in the first inning and hitting four home runs overall , the A 's were kept mostly quiet until their outburst in the ninth . Oakland had stranded 12 runners through the first eight innings and left the bases loaded in the sixth . They also left the potential tying runs on base in the fifth	True
A day after scoring seven runs in the first inning and hitting four home runs overall , the A 's were kept mostly quiet until their outburst in the ninth . Oakland had stranded 12 runners through the first eight innings and left the bases loaded in the sixth . They also left the potential tying runs on base in the fifth and eighth	True
The Athletics ' rally in the ninth spoiled a solid effort from Houston starter Brett Oberholtzer , who allowed one run and eight hits over 5 2/3 innings but remains winless in four starts . Oberholtzer pitched with runners on in each of the first five innings but limited the damage each time . He got Derek Norris to fly out with runners on the corners in the third	True
The Athletics ' rally in the ninth spoiled a solid effort from Houston starter Brett Oberholtzer , who allowed one run and eight hits over 5 2/3 innings but remains winless in four starts . Oberholtzer pitched with runners on in each of the first five innings but limited the damage each time . He got Derek Norris to fly out with runners on the corners in the third , then speared Norris ' comebacker and threw to first	False
The Athletics ' rally in the ninth spoiled a solid effort from Houston starter Brett Oberholtzer , who allowed one run and eight hits over 5 2/3 innings but remains winless in four starts . Oberholtzer pitched with runners on in each of the first five innings but limited the damage each time . He got Derek Norris to fly out with runners on the corners in the third , then speared Norris ' comebacker and threw to first to get out of another two - out , two - on jam in the fifth	True
Kazmir allowed two earned runs and six hits . He struck out five and walked none . The Astros got to Kazmir early when Villar homered on an 0 - 2 pitch in the third	True
Kazmir allowed two earned runs and six hits . He struck out five and walked none . The Astros got to Kazmir early when Villar homered on an 0 - 2 pitch in the third . Villar also doubled off the wall in left-center in the fifth	True
Oakland tied it at 1 when Craig Gentry , who crashed into the fence while backpedaling chasing after Villar 's home run , hit an RBI double that scored Daric Barton . Former A 's first baseman Chris Carter doubled and scored on Matt Dominguez 's RBI single in the fourth	True
Former A 's first baseman Chris Carter doubled and scored on Matt Dominguez 's RBI single in the fourth to put the Astros back in front . The game was halted briefly with two outs in the top of the eighth	False
NEW YORK -- Aaron Harang knew the score , he 'd done this before : No hits , too many tosses . Harang did n't allow a hit for seven innings but was pulled after 121 pitches , and reliever Luis Avilan gave up David Wright 's two - out single in the eighth	True
Aaron Harang threw seven hitless innings on Friday in yet another example of the mastery of the Braves ' rotation . As Harang 's pitch count increased on a chilly evening , it seemed doubtful he would go the distance . Harang walked six , including two in the sixth inning and another pair in the seventh	True
In 2011 , in his first start for San Diego after missing a month because of a foot injury , he pitched no-hit ball for six innings and was taken out after 95 pitches . Harang retired the first two Mets batters in the seventh	True
Harang retired the first two Mets batters in the seventh , then went to full counts on the next three . He threw 23 pitches in the inning . Harang ( 3 - 1 ) left for a pinch hitter during a long , four - run eighth	True
The Mets hit few balls hard against the resurgent Harang , who lowered his ERA to an NL-best 0.70 . The closest they came to a hit off him was actually on a check-swing tapper by Travis d'Arnaud in the second inning . Second baseman Dan Uggla charged , snapped a throw and d'Arnaud was called out . Television replays appeared to show d'Arnaud might 've been safe with an infield hit , and manager Terry Collins discussed the call with first base umpire Eric Cooper . But Collins did n't challenge it because Lucas Duda , who had been on first	False
The Mets hit few balls hard against the resurgent Harang , who lowered his ERA to an NL-best 0.70 . The closest they came to a hit off him was actually on a check-swing tapper by Travis d'Arnaud in the second inning . Second baseman Dan Uggla charged , snapped a throw and d'Arnaud was called out . Television replays appeared to show d'Arnaud might 've been safe with an infield hit , and manager Terry Collins discussed the call with first base umpire Eric Cooper . But Collins did n't challenge it because Lucas Duda , who had been on first , tried to advance to third	False
Wright spoiled the combo no-hit bid with a clean single to left field . The 6-foot-7 Harang took a no-hit try into the seventh inning for the second time this year . He did it in his season debut , giving up a leadoff single in the seventh	True
The 6-foot-7 Harang took a no-hit try into the seventh inning for the second time this year . He did it in his season debut , giving up a leadoff single in the seventh at Milwaukee . He has never pitched a no-hitter in 13 major league seasons . Harang struck out five . He fanned pinch hitter Andrew Brown with runners at first	False
The 6-foot-7 Harang took a no-hit try into the seventh inning for the second time this year . He did it in his season debut , giving up a leadoff single in the seventh at Milwaukee . He has never pitched a no-hitter in 13 major league seasons . Harang struck out five . He fanned pinch hitter Andrew Brown with runners at first and second	False
The Mets had their three - game winning streak snapped . Before the game , they traded slumping first baseman Ike Davis to Pittsburgh and activated outfielder Chris Young from the disabled list . Freeman hit his fifth homer , a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Freeman hit his fifth homer , a two - run shot in the eighth . The Braves got a run on a strange sequence that began with a double by Uggla -- Justin Upton was thrown out at home on the play , but Uggla headed to third	False
The Braves got a run on a strange sequence that began with a double by Uggla -- Justin Upton was thrown out at home on the play , but Uggla headed to third and scored when d'Arnaud threw wildly into left field . Jordan Schafer added an RBI double beyond the reach of right fielder Curtis Granderson . Chris Johnson hit an RBI double off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the second	True
Gonzalez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three hits and three walks in five innings after entering with a 9.64 ERA . Zach Britton permitted two singles over three innings to keep his ERA at 0.00 , and Tommy Hunter got three outs for his fourth save . The Rays came up empty against the third	True
Wil Myers struck out three times , and the Rays got only one extra-base hit . Tampa Bay has scored only 14 runs in its last nine games and has been held under three runs in nine of 15 games this season , including three shutouts . Tampa Bay 's biggest threat came in the seventh	True
Because Tuesday night 's game was postponed by rain , all players wore No . 42 to honor Jackie Robinson a day later than originally planned . The jerseys were worn over long-sleeved shirts , because the temperature at the start of the game was 39 degrees . Playing at designated hitter instead of center field after returning from an illness , Jones reached on a bunt in a two - run fourth inning and drove in a run with a 50-foot chop down the third-base line in the fifth	True
Playing at designated hitter instead of center field after returning from an illness , Jones reached on a bunt in a two - run fourth inning and drove in a run with a 50-foot chop down the third-base line in the fifth . Both starting pitchers dominated until the fourth inning . In the top half , the Rays got runners on first	False
Playing at designated hitter instead of center field after returning from an illness , Jones reached on a bunt in a two - run fourth inning and drove in a run with a 50-foot chop down the third-base line in the fifth . Both starting pitchers dominated until the fourth inning . In the top half , the Rays got runners on first and second	False
Playing at designated hitter instead of center field after returning from an illness , Jones reached on a bunt in a two - run fourth inning and drove in a run with a 50-foot chop down the third-base line in the fifth . Both starting pitchers dominated until the fourth inning . In the top half , the Rays got runners on first and second with one out before David DeJesus hit a sinking liner to right . Markakis caught the ball and threw to second	False
In the bottom half , Baltimore used a walk and two singles to load the bases with no outs . After Matt Wieters delivered a fly ball to the warning track that advanced all three runners , J. J. Hardy hit a run-scoring grounder for a 2 - 0 lead . Baltimore loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth	True
Springer , a highly touted prospect and first-round draft pick , singled and walked in his major league debut in Houston 's 6 - 4 loss to Kansas City in 11 innings . Mike Moustakas homered in the 11th inning to lift the Royals to the victory . Moustakas has been off to a tough start this season and was hitting .098 before his solo shot to the seats in right field off Jerome Williams ( 0 - 1 ) to lead off the 11th	True
Jarrod Dyson singled and added an insurance run on a fielder 's choice . Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland allowed a hit and a walk in a scoreless 11th	True
Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland allowed a hit and a walk in a scoreless 11th for his fifth save . Springer is the first	False
A night after Lance Lynn shut out the Brewers , fellow hard-throwing right-hander Shelby Miller followed Tuesday by striking out seven and allowing three hits over six innings to lead St. Louis to a 6 - 1 win . Mark Ellis had two RBIs in his return from the disabled list , while Matt Holliday and Jhonny Peralta each hit solo shots in the ninth	True
Mark Ellis had two RBIs in his return from the disabled list , while Matt Holliday and Jhonny Peralta each hit solo shots in the ninth for the Cardinals , who handed Milwaukee its second straight loss following a nine - game winning streak . Miller ( 1 - 2 ) routinely fired fastballs clocked in the mid-90s past hitters before turning the game over to the bullpen in the seventh	True
Miller ( 1 - 2 ) routinely fired fastballs clocked in the mid-90s past hitters before turning the game over to the bullpen in the seventh . He bounced back after starting the year with two losses and a 6.35 ERA in his first two starts . Only Aramis Ramirez managed to break through off Miller , hitting a solo homer in the fourth	True
Marco Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss after allowing three runs over six innings . The right-hander , who was off to a good start with a 2.31 ERA entering Tuesday , had a little uncharacteristic trouble with his command . He hit a batter in the second	True
Marco Estrada ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss after allowing three runs over six innings . The right-hander , who was off to a good start with a 2.31 ERA entering Tuesday , had a little uncharacteristic trouble with his command . He hit a batter in the second , then issued a walk in the third	True
The right-hander , who was off to a good start with a 2.31 ERA entering Tuesday , had a little uncharacteristic trouble with his command . He hit a batter in the second , then issued a walk in the third to Matt Carpenter that set up Allen Craig 's RBI double . Estrada also threw a wild pitch in the fourth	True
Lynn was in control Monday night , striking out 11 over seven innings . Miller was just as effective . He got Jean Segura to ground out to second	False
Lynn was in control Monday night , striking out 11 over seven innings . Miller was just as effective . He got Jean Segura to ground out to second and caught Ryan Braun looking on a 94 mph fastball to start the fourth	True
He got Jean Segura to ground out to second and caught Ryan Braun looking on a 94 mph fastball to start the fourth . The only mistake was a fastball down the middle of the plate that Ramirez turned on for his second homer and team-best 12th RBI . Miller recovered nicely to end the fourth	True
He got Jean Segura to ground out to second and caught Ryan Braun looking on a 94 mph fastball to start the fourth . The only mistake was a fastball down the middle of the plate that Ramirez turned on for his second homer and team-best 12th RBI . Miller recovered nicely to end the fourth by getting Jonathan Lucroy to hit a one - hopper to first	False
Miller recovered nicely to end the fourth by getting Jonathan Lucroy to hit a one - hopper to first . Miller , who improved to 4 - 0 career against the Brewers , had a 2.03 career ERA against Milwaukee entering Tuesday . The Cardinals had built a 3 - 0 lead by the top of the fourth	True
Miller recovered nicely to end the fourth by getting Jonathan Lucroy to hit a one - hopper to first . Miller , who improved to 4 - 0 career against the Brewers , had a 2.03 career ERA against Milwaukee entering Tuesday . The Cardinals had built a 3 - 0 lead by the top of the fourth to back Miller . After missing the season 's first 13 games with left knee tendinitis , Ellis made a nice debut by driving in a run in the second	True
Miller recovered nicely to end the fourth by getting Jonathan Lucroy to hit a one - hopper to first . Miller , who improved to 4 - 0 career against the Brewers , had a 2.03 career ERA against Milwaukee entering Tuesday . The Cardinals had built a 3 - 0 lead by the top of the fourth to back Miller . After missing the season 's first 13 games with left knee tendinitis , Ellis made a nice debut by driving in a run in the second on a groundout and another in the fourth	True
Josh Donaldson and Jim Johnson stepped up and got it done . Donaldson drove in Jed Lowrie with an 11th-inning double , and the A 's overcame Mike Trout 's tying homer in the ninth	True
The American League-leading A 's have won four straight and eight of nine largely because of their strength in tough situations , a product of back-to-back playoff appearances . Even Trout 's dramatic two - run shot off Sean Doolittle did n't shake Oakland 's belief . Lowrie led off the 11th	True
Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two gritty innings for Oakland , getting Howie Kendrick on a groundout with Trout and Albert Pujols in scoring position to end the A 's 15th win in 21 games at Angel Stadium . Both teams erased late three - run deficits during two dismal bullpen performances . The Angels trailed 9 - 6 in the eighth	True
Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two gritty innings for Oakland , getting Howie Kendrick on a groundout with Trout and Albert Pujols in scoring position to end the A 's 15th win in 21 games at Angel Stadium . Both teams erased late three - run deficits during two dismal bullpen performances . The Angels trailed 9 - 6 in the eighth after leading 6 - 3 heading to the seventh	True
Both teams erased late three - run deficits during two dismal bullpen performances . The Angels trailed 9 - 6 in the eighth after leading 6 - 3 heading to the seventh . Brandon Moss , Alberto Callaspo and pinch hitter Derek Norris had RBI singles during a four - run eighth	True
Smith even blamed himself for Calhoun 's injury . David Freese had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Smith even blamed himself for Calhoun 's injury . David Freese had an RBI single in the eighth for Los Angeles , and Calhoun led off the ninth	True
Mixing a fastball that topped 95 mph with his effective slider , the St. Louis Cardinals right-hander struck out 11 and allowed three hits over seven innings in a 4 - 0 victory Monday night to snap Milwaukee 's nine - game winning streak . Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) frustrated the Brewers all night . He left Carlos Gomez twisting in the batter 's box on swings and misses . He made Jonathan Lucroy , a .357 hitter , whiff badly on a fastball low in the zone in the second	True
Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) frustrated the Brewers all night . He left Carlos Gomez twisting in the batter 's box on swings and misses . He made Jonathan Lucroy , a .357 hitter , whiff badly on a fastball low in the zone in the second and froze Scooter Gennett on a heater outside . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo shot in the second	True
Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) frustrated the Brewers all night . He left Carlos Gomez twisting in the batter 's box on swings and misses . He made Jonathan Lucroy , a .357 hitter , whiff badly on a fastball low in the zone in the second and froze Scooter Gennett on a heater outside . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo shot in the second off Brewers starter Matt Garza , and Jon Jay had a three - run homer to the right field corner in the sixth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit a solo shot in the second off Brewers starter Matt Garza , and Jon Jay had a three - run homer to the right field corner in the sixth . Reliever Carlos Martinez tossed two scoreless innings to finish off the surprising Brewers , who still have the majors ' best record at 10 - 3 . Manager Ron Roenicke said he did n't think Garza ( 0 - 2 ) had his best stuff , yet Garza kept pace with Lynn until running into trouble in the sixth	True
Manager Ron Roenicke said he did n't think Garza ( 0 - 2 ) had his best stuff , yet Garza kept pace with Lynn until running into trouble in the sixth . Allen Craig reached on a fielder 's choice with two outs and Peralta singled to set up Jay 's homer off a hanging breaking ball . Until then , the Brewers seemed as though they were close to getting out of the jam after throwing out a runner at home and retiring a runner trying to advance to third	False
Manager Ron Roenicke said he did n't think Garza ( 0 - 2 ) had his best stuff , yet Garza kept pace with Lynn until running into trouble in the sixth . Allen Craig reached on a fielder 's choice with two outs and Peralta singled to set up Jay 's homer off a hanging breaking ball . Until then , the Brewers seemed as though they were close to getting out of the jam after throwing out a runner at home and retiring a runner trying to advance to third for the second	True
Lynn cooled off a Brewers team that was off to its best start since opening the 1987 season with 13 straight wins . Milwaukee 's best hope to score came in the fifth	True
Lynn cooled off a Brewers team that was off to its best start since opening the 1987 season with 13 straight wins . Milwaukee 's best hope to score came in the fifth after No . 8 hitter Logan Schafer doubled to right with two outs to put runners at second	False
Lynn cooled off a Brewers team that was off to its best start since opening the 1987 season with 13 straight wins . Milwaukee 's best hope to score came in the fifth after No . 8 hitter Logan Schafer doubled to right with two outs to put runners at second and third	False
Milwaukee 's best hope to score came in the fifth after No . 8 hitter Logan Schafer doubled to right with two outs to put runners at second and third . But that brought Garza , a career .094 hitter , to the plate and he struck out on three pitches . Otherwise , the Brewers did n't get another runner past second	False
Otherwise , the Brewers did n't get another runner past second . Lynn boasted a career 2.53 ERA in 10 games against the Brewers coming in , and his mastery of Milwaukee continued . With Lynn in control , about the only other drama provided by the Cardinals was when leadoff hitter Matt Carpenter was ejected in the fifth	True
`` Hopefully there 's no follow-up on that . Checking out the pitch , it was n't a pitch he should be swinging at . That 's frustrating . You ca n't take emotions out of this game . '' Garza allowed nine hits and four runs while striking out six in seven innings . Rookie reliever Wei-Chung Wang , a Rule 5 pick , pitched a scoreless ninth	True
At 10 - 2 , the Brewers are off to their best start since going 13 - 0 to open the 1987 season . This is Milwaukee 's longest winning streak since a nine - game string last April . Lohse ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four hits and struck out nine in 8 2/3 innings . He fanned five straight in the seventh	True
Lohse ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four hits and struck out nine in 8 2/3 innings . He fanned five straight in the seventh and eighth innings . Lohse retired 12 of his last 13 batters . He was pulled with two outs in the ninth	True
Lohse had some fine defense behind him as shortstop Jean Segura made several tough plays and outfielder Logan Shafer robbed Alvarez of at least a double in the second inning when he hauled in Alvarez 's long drive just before crashing into the left field wall . The Brewers broke open the game in the sixth	True
Lohse had some fine defense behind him as shortstop Jean Segura made several tough plays and outfielder Logan Shafer robbed Alvarez of at least a double in the second inning when he hauled in Alvarez 's long drive just before crashing into the left field wall . The Brewers broke open the game in the sixth , helped by an error . Aramis Ramirez walked and moved to third	False
The Brewers broke open the game in the sixth , helped by an error . Aramis Ramirez walked and moved to third on Lyle Overbay 's double , just his second hit of the season . Morton struck out Scooter Gennett , but the ball was in the dirt . Catcher Tony Sanchez 's throw to first	False
Charlie Morton ( 0 - 1 ) pitched seven innings as the Pirates lost for the fourth time in five games . Martin Maldonado got the first hit of the game as he lined a double off the right field wall leading off the Milwaukee third	True
Martin Maldonado got the first hit of the game as he lined a double off the right field wall leading off the Milwaukee third . Lohse sacrificed and Carlos Gomez hit a sacrifice fly . The Pirates tied the game in the fourth	True
Martin Maldonado got the first hit of the game as he lined a double off the right field wall leading off the Milwaukee third . Lohse sacrificed and Carlos Gomez hit a sacrifice fly . The Pirates tied the game in the fourth . Starling Marte led off with a single , moved to third	False
The Pirates tied the game in the fourth . Starling Marte led off with a single , moved to third on a perfect hit-and-run single by Jose Tabata and scored on McCutchen 's sacrifice fly , just beating the throw from Gomez in center . Ryan Braun doubled in the Milwaukee fourth	True
Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) continued his struggles against the Braves , giving up nine hits , six runs and four walks and striking out six in six innings . Despite ranking second	False
He has n't received more than one run of support in any of his seven winless starts against Atlanta . Harang , making his 322nd career start and third	False
Harang , making his 322nd career start and third with the Braves , improved to 2 - 4 with a 3.72 ERA in 10 starts against Washington . Gus Schlosser , Atlanta 's fourth pitcher , gave up Adam LaRoche 's third homer in the ninth	True
Gus Schlosser , Atlanta 's fourth pitcher , gave up Adam LaRoche 's third homer in the ninth to make it 10 - 2 . Ross Detwiler , Washington 's second pitcher , allowed four unearned runs in the eighth	True
Ross Detwiler , Washington 's second pitcher , allowed four unearned runs in the eighth on Freeman 's RBI double and Andrelton Simmons ' first homer , a three - run shot that put the Braves up 10 - 1 . Gonzalez 's struggles began in the first	True
Gonzalez 's struggles began in the first . After walking leadoff hitter Jason Heyward , Gonzalez made an errant underhanded throw to first baseman LaRoche on B. J. Upton 's bunt single . The ball rolled away from LaRoche , allowing Heyward to advance to third	False
Gonzalez 's struggles began in the first . After walking leadoff hitter Jason Heyward , Gonzalez made an errant underhanded throw to first baseman LaRoche on B. J. Upton 's bunt single . The ball rolled away from LaRoche , allowing Heyward to advance to third and B. J. Upton to second	False
Freeman 's sacrifice fly scored Heyward , and Justin Upton homered to make it 3 - 0 . Over his last six games , Justin Upton is hitting .590 with four homers in 22 at-bats . Atlanta added three more runs in the second	True
Tyler Pastornicky led off with a triple and scored on Heyward 's RBI double . Freeman followed with his fourth homer to give the Braves a 6 - 0 lead . Washington 's first run came on Jose Lobaton 's RBI groundout , scoring Kevin Frandsen from third	False
Tyler Pastornicky led off with a triple and scored on Heyward 's RBI double . Freeman followed with his fourth homer to give the Braves a 6 - 0 lead . Washington 's first run came on Jose Lobaton 's RBI groundout , scoring Kevin Frandsen from third to make it 6 - 1 in the fifth	True
Washington 's first run came on Jose Lobaton 's RBI groundout , scoring Kevin Frandsen from third to make it 6 - 1 in the fifth . Freeman , who has hit .470 in his last 34 at-bats , avoided a scare in the fourth	True
The 32-year-old McGowan could n't have been much happier . After McGowan left , Brett Cecil got five straight outs and Sergio Santos worked a perfect ninth	True
Tillman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three hits over eight innings , lowering his ERA to 0.84 . But the right-hander received no offensive support from his teammates , who were coming off a three - game series against the Yankees in which they collected 40 hits . Two throwing errors by third baseman Jonathan Schoop provided Toronto with a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Schoop made no excuses . In the fifth	True
Josh Collmenter , who soon could join the struggling Arizona rotation , pitched four scoreless innings of relief for his first major league save . Goldschmidt got things going at AT & T Park again . Parra led off the game with a triple , Martin Prado walked and Goldschmidt sent a 1 - 1 fastball into the elevated right-field arcade . He added a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Goldschmidt got things going at AT & T Park again . Parra led off the game with a triple , Martin Prado walked and Goldschmidt sent a 1 - 1 fastball into the elevated right-field arcade . He added a sacrifice fly in the third , then was booed each time he stepped into the batter 's box in the late innings . Parra connected for his first homer of the year with two outs in the fourth	True
Parra connected for his first homer of the year with two outs in the fourth . Angel Pagan singled in the first	True
The Detroit Tigers ' closer blew a three - run lead in the ninth inning Wednesday night against the Dodgers . But Martinez picked him up in a big way with a leadoff home run in the 10th	True
Martinez drove a 2 - 2 pitch deep into the pavilion seats in right-center to make a winner of Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) . One night earlier , Martinez tied the score with a two - out single in the ninth	True
One night earlier , Martinez tied the score with a two - out single in the ninth against Jansen before the Dodgers pulled out a 3 - 2 victory in 10 . Joba Chamberlain gave up a single to Hanley Ramirez to open the 10th	True
Yasiel Puig , who was n't in the starting lineup for the third straight game because of a strained ligament in his left thumb , batted for Tim Federowicz and struck out . Pinch-hitter Scott Van Slyke got a run home with a fielder 's choice grounder before Dee Gordon singled to right field , delivering Kemp with the tying run . Detroit 's Nick Castellanos helped spoil Josh Beckett 's long-awaited return with a three - run homer , his first	False
Beckett threw 85 pitches through four innings , giving up five runs -- four earned -- and five hits while striking out five . The three - time All-Star , who joined the Dodgers in a nine - player megadeal with Boston in August 2012 , made only 15 starts with them prior to this one because of injuries that had sidelined him since his previous outing on May 13 of last season . Beckett gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead in the second	True
Beckett gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead in the second , laying down a suicide-squeeze bunt in front of the plate with Uribe charging down the line . It was Beckett 's first RBI since June 14 , 2009 , when he homered against J. A. Happ in an interleague game at Philadelphia . But the Tigers pulled ahead 5 - 3 in the third	True
Murphy hit a three - run homer and had four RBIs as the Cleveland Indians took advantage of outdoor batting practice and San Diego 's sloppiness to beat the Padres 8 - 6 on Tuesday night in their delayed interleague series opener . Murphy 's shot in the fourth inning off Tyson Ross ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Indians a 6 - 2 lead . He added an RBI double in the sixth	True
But since finding his `` feel '' in the batting cage a few days ago , Murphy has been making solid contact in every at-bat . He 's stunned himself with his turnaround . Corey Kluber ( 1 - 1 ) bounced back from a rough season debut in Oakland and pitched six solid innings . John Axford stopped San Diego 's rally in the ninth	True
Nyjer Morgan had three hits and two RBIs for the Indians , who will play their second doubleheader this season Wednesday . Jedd Gyorko had three RBIs , Everth Cabrera had three doubles and Xavier Nady homered in the ninth	True
With the Indians leading 3 - 2 , Murphy , who had four hits in Sunday 's loss to Minnesota , gave the Indians a four - run cushion with his first homer since signing with Cleveland as a free agent . He batted a career-low .220 -- .084 points below his average in 2012 -- last season with Texas but is off to a good start with his new team . Ross ' fielding error -- he dropped the ball covering first -- with one out set up the inning . Lonnie Chisenhall followed with a single and both runners moved up on a wild pitch . Ross got Yan Gomes on a grounder to third	False
Despite getting in some extra cuts , the Indians had only one hit through three innings but led 3 - 0 . They scored three runs in the third	True
They scored three runs in the third , when two walks , an error and a passed ball by the Padres helped their cause . Ross walked Gomes and Murphy before Yasmani Grandal 's passed ball put runners at first	False
They scored three runs in the third , when two walks , an error and a passed ball by the Padres helped their cause . Ross walked Gomes and Murphy before Yasmani Grandal 's passed ball put runners at first and third	False
They scored three runs in the third , when two walks , an error and a passed ball by the Padres helped their cause . Ross walked Gomes and Murphy before Yasmani Grandal 's passed ball put runners at first and third . Morgan hit a grounder toward right that second baseman Gyorko stopped with nice play before throwing wildly past second	False
They scored three runs in the third , when two walks , an error and a passed ball by the Padres helped their cause . Ross walked Gomes and Murphy before Yasmani Grandal 's passed ball put runners at first and third . Morgan hit a grounder toward right that second baseman Gyorko stopped with nice play before throwing wildly past second as Gomes scored and Murphy hustled to third	False
Nick Swisher hit an RBI groundout and Jason Kipnis delivered a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Gyorko made up for his mistake in the fourth	True
Nick Swisher hit an RBI groundout and Jason Kipnis delivered a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Gyorko made up for his mistake in the fourth with a two - run double , bringing in San Diego 's 13th	True
Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one . Sidelined by neck stiffness , it was his first outing since a spring training game on March 16 . Andrus put the Rangers up 2 - 0 with his homer off Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) struck out six and walked one . Sidelined by neck stiffness , it was his first outing since a spring training game on March 16 . Andrus put the Rangers up 2 - 0 with his homer off Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth . Donnie Murphy made it 3 - 0 on an RBI infield during the ninth	True
Andrus put the Rangers up 2 - 0 with his homer off Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth . Donnie Murphy made it 3 - 0 on an RBI infield during the ninth . Neal Cotts replaced Alexi Ogando for the Rangers with two on and two outs in the eighth	True
Andrus put the Rangers up 2 - 0 with his homer off Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth . Donnie Murphy made it 3 - 0 on an RBI infield during the ninth . Neal Cotts replaced Alexi Ogando for the Rangers with two on and two outs in the eighth , and struck out Matt Joyce on a 3 - 2 pitch . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
Alex Cobb scattered three hits , walked one and struck out six in seven shutout innings for the Rays . Only one runner reached second	True
Only one runner reached second against Cobb . Tampa Bay had runners on second	False
Only one runner reached second against Cobb . Tampa Bay had runners on second and third	False
Only one runner reached second against Cobb . Tampa Bay had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth , but failed to score when Wil Myers hit an infield pop fly and Ben Zobrist flew out . Darvish got three consecutive outs after allowing Evan Longoria 's double to lead off the sixth	True
Tampa Bay had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth , but failed to score when Wil Myers hit an infield pop fly and Ben Zobrist flew out . Darvish got three consecutive outs after allowing Evan Longoria 's double to lead off the sixth . He also worked out of a jam during the seventh	True
Desmond chided himself more for the subsequent running gaffe . It was one of a series of problems for Washington on the basepaths : Bryce Harper got caught because of a pitchout on a steal attempt , and Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate by Simmons on a relay . Washington did eventually even the score , but Atlanta 's Chris Johnson delivered a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Washington did eventually even the score , but Atlanta 's Chris Johnson delivered a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth off reliever Tyler Clippard ( 0 - 1 ) . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the seventh	True
Washington did eventually even the score , but Atlanta 's Chris Johnson delivered a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth off reliever Tyler Clippard ( 0 - 1 ) . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the seventh for the win , and Craig Kimbrel earned his third save with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the seventh for the win , and Craig Kimbrel earned his third save with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Atlanta 's fourth reliever , David Carpenter , put two runners on with no outs . But he came back to strike out Washington 's 4 - 5 - 5 hitters , LaRoche , Zimmerman and Harper . Atlanta 's first run came on Evan Gattis ' homer leading off the fifth	True
Same goes for Gonzalez , who added a two - run triple and a two - run homer off the facing of the third deck as the Rockies improved to 13 - 9 in home openers . That was more than enough for Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 0 ) , who surrendered one run and four hits in seven efficient innings . His only mistake was a slider that Mark Trumbo hit for a solo homer in the fifth	True
With the loss , the Diamondbacks fell to 1 - 6 , tying their worst start in franchise history . Goldschmidt did extend his hitting streak to 26 games dating to last season with an RBI single in the eighth	True
Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings . Colorado finished with 17 hits , with Blackmon leading from the leadoff spot . A triple shy of the cycle , he lined the ball into the left-field corner in the eighth	True
Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings . Colorado finished with 17 hits , with Blackmon leading from the leadoff spot . A triple shy of the cycle , he lined the ball into the left-field corner in the eighth , then pulled up at second	False
Michael Cuddyer kept his hot streak going , finishing with three hits . The reigning NL batting champion has multiple hits in four of his first five games . Arizona third baseman Martin Prado left in the sixth	True
Hammel and four relievers needed only 2:39 to help the Cubs avoid their first 0 - 3 start since 1997 , when the club lost 14 straight to begin the season . The 31-year-old Hammel allowed one run in 6 2/3 innings with one walk and five strikeouts . The Cubs signed Hammel to a one - year , $ 6 million contract in February hoping he can provide some stability in the middle of the rotation . He was sharp in his Chicago debut , allowing singles in the first	True
Mike Olt hit the first home run of his career for the Cubs . Tony Sanchez hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
After slogging through 26 innings in the first two games of the series , things moved a bit more briskly on a cold , wet day at PNC Park thanks in part to a pair of pitchers who were n't in the mood to nibble at the plate . Hammel left the seventh	True
Hammel left the seventh after walking Neil Walker with two outs . Pittsburgh took advantage of another shaky performance from Chicago 's bullpen with Sanchez -- who provided the walkoff hit on Wednesday -- smacking a two - run single up the middle off Justin Grimm to pull the Pirates within a run . Pittsburgh put the tying run on base leading off both the eighth	True
Hammel left the seventh after walking Neil Walker with two outs . Pittsburgh took advantage of another shaky performance from Chicago 's bullpen with Sanchez -- who provided the walkoff hit on Wednesday -- smacking a two - run single up the middle off Justin Grimm to pull the Pirates within a run . Pittsburgh put the tying run on base leading off both the eighth and ninth	True
Brett Gardner was the only player in both lineups , although he moved from center to left to make room for Jacoby Ellsbury , one of several newly acquired stars for the Yankees . Feldman sailed through the first three innings against the new Bronx Bombers , and New York 's first hit did n't come until Carlos Beltran singled with one out in the fourth	True
Brett Gardner was the only player in both lineups , although he moved from center to left to make room for Jacoby Ellsbury , one of several newly acquired stars for the Yankees . Feldman sailed through the first three innings against the new Bronx Bombers , and New York 's first hit did n't come until Carlos Beltran singled with one out in the fourth . He did n't allow another baserunner until Teixeira singled with one out in the seventh	True
Chase Utley hit a tying , RBI single off Boone Logan before Howard drove one out to left-center for his fifth career walk-off homer . Closer La Troy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the first	False
Chase Utley hit a tying , RBI single off Boone Logan before Howard drove one out to left-center for his fifth career walk-off homer . Closer La Troy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the first out in the ninth	True
Howard then connected on a 2 - 2 pitch for his ninth homer . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) tossed a perfect ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) tossed a perfect ninth for the win . LeMahieu hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the eighth	True
LeMahieu hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the eighth and Justin Morneau also hit a solo homer for Colorado . Phillies reliever Mike Adams pitched out of a based-loaded , no-out jam in the seventh	True
Phillies reliever Mike Adams pitched out of a based-loaded , no-out jam in the seventh after Antonio Bastardo walked the first three hitters . Adams entered and retired pinch-hitter Carlos Gonzalez on a home-to-first double play bouncer to the mound . Adams then struck out pinch-hitter Tulowitzki to end the inning . But LeMahieu connected off Jake Diekman in the eighth	True
Phillies reliever Mike Adams pitched out of a based-loaded , no-out jam in the seventh after Antonio Bastardo walked the first three hitters . Adams entered and retired pinch-hitter Carlos Gonzalez on a home-to-first double play bouncer to the mound . Adams then struck out pinch-hitter Tulowitzki to end the inning . But LeMahieu connected off Jake Diekman in the eighth , lining one into the left-field seats . It was LeMahieu 's first homer this season in 160 at-bats and fifth	False
Starters Roberto Hernandez and Jordan Lyles both were effective . Philadelphia 's Hernandez allowed two runs and six hits , pitching around five walks in 5 2/3 innings . Lyles gave up two runs and five hits in five innings . Colorado took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies answered in the bottom half . Utley hit his major league-leading 22nd double with two outs . Howard followed with an RBI single to cut it to 2 - 1 . Marlon Byrd lined an RBI single with two outs in the fifth	True
Marlon Byrd lined an RBI single with two outs in the fifth to tie it at 2 . Half of Byrd 's RBIs ( 15 of 30 ) have come with two outs this season . Rollins , playing in his 2,000th career game , snapped an 0 - for - 15 slump with a seventh-inning single . But he was forced at second	False
No game-ending hit needed Wednesday night . This time , he earned a victory on the mound . The Milwaukee right-hander struggled through 6 2/3 innings , but got backed up by Ryan Braun 's early two - run double and Khris Davis ' three - run homer in the eighth	True
Gallardo ( 3 - 3 ) overcame two solo shots by Nelson Cruz , who leads the majors with 19 home runs . He gave up three runs on four hits and five walks in 6 2/3 innings for his first victory since April 6 , a span of nine starts . Gallardo walked the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Gallardo walked the bases loaded in the fourth with two outs , escaping by getting Jonathan Schoop to ground out . Gallardo said he was rushing through his delivery at times in the evening , and catcher Jonathan Lucroy went out several times to try to refocus his pitcher . Gallardo left after Nick Markakis doubled with two outs in the seventh	True
Gallardo left after Nick Markakis doubled with two outs in the seventh . Markakis scored on Manny Machado 's single off reliever Brandon Kintzler to get Baltimore within 4 - 3 . Adam Jones added another single , and lefty reliever Will Smith made a wild pickoff throw to put runners at second	False
Gallardo left after Nick Markakis doubled with two outs in the seventh . Markakis scored on Manny Machado 's single off reliever Brandon Kintzler to get Baltimore within 4 - 3 . Adam Jones added another single , and lefty reliever Will Smith made a wild pickoff throw to put runners at second and third	False
Gallardo left after Nick Markakis doubled with two outs in the seventh . Markakis scored on Manny Machado 's single off reliever Brandon Kintzler to get Baltimore within 4 - 3 . Adam Jones added another single , and lefty reliever Will Smith made a wild pickoff throw to put runners at second and third with Orioles slugger Chris Davis up . But Smith , the setup man with a potent slider , struck out Davis swinging . He sandwiched three more strikeouts around a hit in the eighth	True
Adam Jones added another single , and lefty reliever Will Smith made a wild pickoff throw to put runners at second and third with Orioles slugger Chris Davis up . But Smith , the setup man with a potent slider , struck out Davis swinging . He sandwiched three more strikeouts around a hit in the eighth to cap his 1 1/3 scoreless innings . The Brewers broke away in the eighth	True
The Brewers broke away in the eighth off relievers Brad Brach and Brian Matusz . Pinch-hitter Rickie Weeks singled to left past a drawn-in infield and Khris Davis ' high fly off Matusz then sailed around the left-field pole for the 8 - 3 lead . Davis hit his ninth homer of the year , and third	False
The NL Central-leading Brewers took two of three in the teams ' first interleague meeting since 2008 . The Brewers had the early advantage against Norris ( 3 - 5 ) , who allowed four runs , five hits and three walks in six innings . Braun hit a hard chopper down the first-base line for his two - out double with runners on second	False
The NL Central-leading Brewers took two of three in the teams ' first interleague meeting since 2008 . The Brewers had the early advantage against Norris ( 3 - 5 ) , who allowed four runs , five hits and three walks in six innings . Braun hit a hard chopper down the first-base line for his two - out double with runners on second and third	False
Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a two - run single during Boston 's four - run seventh inning , and the Red Sox beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night in their latest comeback following their longest losing streak in 20 years . Dustin Pedroia had three hits and Grady Sizemore went 2 for 5 with a go-ahead groundout in the seventh	True
Jon Lester ( 5 - 6 ) snapped a personal two - game losing streak by giving up three runs and eight hits in six innings . Koji Uehara worked the ninth	True
Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his 11th save . Farrell said bloop hits by Gomes and David Ortiz in the seventh	True
Farrell said bloop hits by Gomes and David Ortiz in the seventh were good signs that luck has changed for the Red Sox . Braves starter Aaron Harang left with a 3 - 2 lead after the sixth	True
The Braves had two injury scares . Catcher Evan Gattis was a late scratch after straining his right wrist in batting practice . He sat on the bench with a brace . Shortstop Andrelton Simmons left in the eighth	True
Catcher Evan Gattis was a late scratch after straining his right wrist in batting practice . He sat on the bench with a brace . Shortstop Andrelton Simmons left in the eighth with inflammation in his right ankle . Harang gave up seven hits before Boston tagged the Braves ' bullpen in the seventh	True
Ortiz , batting .283 against left-handers and .263 versus right-handers , hit an RBI single that made it 3-all . A day earlier , he homered and drove in four runs at Turner Field . He drew loud boos in the eighth	True
The rally made a winner of Lester , who agreed with Farrell 's description of his outing as a `` grind . '' The Braves loaded the bases in the second	True
The Braves loaded the bases in the second but did n't score . Harang hit into a double play , and Heyward 's grounder to Pedroia ended the inning . Sizemore doubled with one out in the fourth	True
The Braves loaded the bases in the second but did n't score . Harang hit into a double play , and Heyward 's grounder to Pedroia ended the inning . Sizemore doubled with one out in the fourth and stole third	False
Sizemore doubled with one out in the fourth and stole third . Gonzalez challenged the call , but a replay review showed Sizemore was safe . Ross hit a single that made it 2-all . Freddie Freeman 's first triple of the year set up the Braves ' go-ahead run in the fifth	True
Sizemore doubled with one out in the fourth and stole third . Gonzalez challenged the call , but a replay review showed Sizemore was safe . Ross hit a single that made it 2-all . Freddie Freeman 's first triple of the year set up the Braves ' go-ahead run in the fifth . Justin Upton walked and Johnson hit a blooper that fell in right , turning into a run-scoring forceout at second	False
Freddie Freeman 's first triple of the year set up the Braves ' go-ahead run in the fifth . Justin Upton walked and Johnson hit a blooper that fell in right , turning into a run-scoring forceout at second . Gomes delivered the defensive highlight of the game with his diving catch on Gerald Laird 's sinking liner in the eighth	True
Black ( 1 - 0 ) got four big outs in his first major league outing this season , and Jenrry Mejia pitched two innings for his fourth save . With a runner on , Curtis Granderson made an outstanding catch in the right-field corner for the second	False
Black ( 1 - 0 ) got four big outs in his first major league outing this season , and Jenrry Mejia pitched two innings for his fourth save . With a runner on , Curtis Granderson made an outstanding catch in the right-field corner for the second out of the ninth	True
Starling Marte hit a two - run single for the Pirates , hurt by four wild pitches in losing for the second time in seven games . With the score 2-all , Tejada drew his second walk to start the sixth	True
Murphy followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 2 . Black struck out Sanchez with runners at the corners to end the seventh	True
Black struck out Sanchez with runners at the corners to end the seventh . Pittsburgh had first	False
Black struck out Sanchez with runners at the corners to end the seventh . Pittsburgh had first and third	False
Black struck out Sanchez with runners at the corners to end the seventh . Pittsburgh had first and third again in the eighth	False
Handed a 2 - 0 lead , Mets starter Jonathon Niese let it slip away . Normally a fast worker , Niese slowed his pace considerably as he walked three batters in the sixth	True
Pirates starter Edinson Volquez walked five and threw two wild pitches in five innings , extending his struggles on the road . Murphy doubled in the third	True
Pirates starter Edinson Volquez walked five and threw two wild pitches in five innings , extending his struggles on the road . Murphy doubled in the third and scored on Bobby Abreu 's two - out single . Tejada and Lagares both doubled off the wall in left field in the fourth	True
Murphy doubled in the third and scored on Bobby Abreu 's two - out single . Tejada and Lagares both doubled off the wall in left field in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 . Lagares made a leaping catch of McCutchen 's drive at the 390-foot sign in right-center to end the first inning . McCutchen returned the favor with a spectacular , diving grab to rob Lagares of extra bases in the third	True
Hudson ( 5 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked none . The 38-year-old has allowed two earned runs or fewer in nine of his 10 starts , and he has pitched at least seven innings eight times . Buster Posey drove in two runs , and Michael Morse and Pablo Sandoval singled home a run each to help the Giants ( 33 - 19 ) hold on to the best record in the majors . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth	True
Hudson ( 5 - 2 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked none . The 38-year-old has allowed two earned runs or fewer in nine of his 10 starts , and he has pitched at least seven innings eight times . Buster Posey drove in two runs , and Michael Morse and Pablo Sandoval singled home a run each to help the Giants ( 33 - 19 ) hold on to the best record in the majors . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth and Jean Machi pitched a perfect ninth	False
The three - time All-Star , who turns 39 in July , showed no signs of rust when he returned to the mound at pitcher-friendly AT & T Park . Hudson retired the first eight batters until Arrieta grounded a single up the middle . He allowed two baseunners in the third	True
The three - time All-Star , who turns 39 in July , showed no signs of rust when he returned to the mound at pitcher-friendly AT & T Park . Hudson retired the first eight batters until Arrieta grounded a single up the middle . He allowed two baseunners in the third and a one - out double to Mike Olt off the center-field wall in the fifth	True
Hudson retired the first eight batters until Arrieta grounded a single up the middle . He allowed two baseunners in the third and a one - out double to Mike Olt off the center-field wall in the fifth but quickly induced two outs each time . Hudson left to a standing ovation from the announced sellout crowd of 41,060 after getting pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan to ground out with a runner on first	False
Hudson retired the first eight batters until Arrieta grounded a single up the middle . He allowed two baseunners in the third and a one - out double to Mike Olt off the center-field wall in the fifth but quickly induced two outs each time . Hudson left to a standing ovation from the announced sellout crowd of 41,060 after getting pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan to ground out with a runner on first to end the seventh	True
Hudson left to a standing ovation from the announced sellout crowd of 41,060 after getting pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan to ground out with a runner on first to end the seventh . San Francisco supplied all the runs Hudson needed in the first	True
Hudson left to a standing ovation from the announced sellout crowd of 41,060 after getting pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan to ground out with a runner on first to end the seventh . San Francisco supplied all the runs Hudson needed in the first , when Angel Pagan singled and scored on Posey 's sacrifice fly and Morse hit an RBI single . Posey hit another sacrifice fly to left with the bases loaded in the fifth	True
The Dodgers want Matt Kemp to respond to being asked to do something new the same way Andre Ethier did , Mark Saxon writes . Ethier 's season-high four RBIs increased his total to 25 , despite the outfield situation that had forced manager Don Mattingly to mix and match with Matt Kemp , Crawford , Scott Van Slyke and right fielder Yasiel Puig -- the only constant in the bunch . Puig , who came in second	False
Ethier 's season-high four RBIs increased his total to 25 , despite the outfield situation that had forced manager Don Mattingly to mix and match with Matt Kemp , Crawford , Scott Van Slyke and right fielder Yasiel Puig -- the only constant in the bunch . Puig , who came in second in the NL with a .345 average and 38 RBIs , reached base safely for the 28th straight game . Kemp was not in the starting lineup for the fifth straight game -- his longest such stretch without an injury since he became a regular in 2008 . Mattingly and his staff are waiting for the two - time Gold Glove center fielder to become comfortable enough in left field to play there on a regular basis alongside Ethier . Kemp pinch-hit in the eighth	True
Greinke ( 8 - 1 ) allowed three runs , eight hits and no walks in 7 2/3 innings . The 2009 AL Cy Young Award winner was lifted after giving up a two - run homer by Devin Mesoraco on his 104th pitch -- ending Greinke 's streak of 22 consecutive starts in which he had allowed fewer than three earned runs . It was the longest such streak since the dead-ball era . Kenley Jansen followed J. P. Howell out of the bullpen and pitched a perfect ninth	True
Alfredo Simon ( 6 - 3 ) threw 70 pitches in 3 2/3 innings , giving up five runs , five hits and four walks after going 5 - 0 with a 1.05 ERA in his first five road starts . The right-hander was the first Reds pitcher in the modern era ( since 1900 ) to win his first five road starts of a season while allowing no more than five hits in any of them . Simon retired his first two batters in the second	True
Simon retired his first two batters in the second before Ethier drove the next pitch to right-center for his third home run of the season . It ended a drought of 83 at-bats since his previous long ball , a three - run shot against Arizona 's Mike Bolsinger on April 19 at Dodger Stadium . Ethier came up in the fourth	True
Roger Bernadina drove in Cincinnati 's first run with a fifth-inning single . For the first time in three games , a Dodgers starter gave up a hit before the eighth inning . Todd Frazier -- whose leadoff double in the eighth	True
Roger Bernadina drove in Cincinnati 's first run with a fifth-inning single . For the first time in three games , a Dodgers starter gave up a hit before the eighth inning . Todd Frazier -- whose leadoff double in the eighth on Monday night broke up Hyun-Jin Ryu 's bid for a perfect game following Josh Beckett 's no-hitter on Sunday at Philadelphia -- singled with one out in the second	True
SEATTLE -- Chris Young pitched shutout ball until Albert Pujols homered in the seventh inning , Robinson Cano had three hits and two RBIs to raise his average to .332 , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Angels 5 - 1 on Monday . After manager Lloyd McClendon lamented Seattle 's production following losses over the weekend to Houston , the Mariners responded with five runs in the first two innings off Tyler Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) . Seattle scored three unearned runs with two outs in the second	True
Wilson Ramos ' sawed-off , bloop single in the sixth scored Anthony Rendon to give the Nationals a 2 - 1 lead . Strasburg , who struck out 14 in a memorable major league debut against the Pirates almost four years ago , did not allow a hit Saturday until Walker 's homer to center with one out in the fourth	True
Strasburg , who struck out 14 in a memorable major league debut against the Pirates almost four years ago , did not allow a hit Saturday until Walker 's homer to center with one out in the fourth . Pittsburgh managed just three more singles off Strasburg until the seventh	True
Strasburg , who struck out 14 in a memorable major league debut against the Pirates almost four years ago , did not allow a hit Saturday until Walker 's homer to center with one out in the fourth . Pittsburgh managed just three more singles off Strasburg until the seventh , when Russell Martin led off with a single and went to third	False
Jose Reyes and Anthony Gose each scored two runs as Toronto used its speed to hand AL West-leading Oakland its third straight loss , matching its longest slump of the season . Lawrie 's solo homer in the fifth	True
Lawrie 's solo homer in the fifth was Toronto 's ML-leading 69th , and marked the seventh straight game that at least one Blue Jays batter has connected . Toronto also leads baseball with 37 homers in May . Dickey retired Derek Norris to begin the ninth	True
Dickey retired Derek Norris to begin the ninth , but left after walking Josh Donaldson and giving up a single to Brandon Moss . Yoenis Cespedes singled off Dustin McGowan to load the bases before pinch-hitter Jed Lowrie hit a sacrifice fly off Brett Cecil . Cecil finished it by striking out Alberto Callaspo to earn his third save in four chances . Oakland opened the scoring when Cespedes hit a one - out homer off Dickey in the second	True
Oakland opened the scoring when Cespedes hit a one - out homer off Dickey in the second . Toronto tied it on an unearned run in the third	False
Oakland opened the scoring when Cespedes hit a one - out homer off Dickey in the second . Toronto tied it on an unearned run in the third . Gose reached on a fielder 's choice and was running from first	False
Oakland opened the scoring when Cespedes hit a one - out homer off Dickey in the second . Toronto tied it on an unearned run in the third . Gose reached on a fielder 's choice and was running from first on Melky Cabrera 's two - out single that rolled through the infield after shortstop Eric Sogard broke to cover second base . When left fielder Craig Gentry bobbled the ball , Gose sped around third	False
Toronto tied it on an unearned run in the third . Gose reached on a fielder 's choice and was running from first on Melky Cabrera 's two - out single that rolled through the infield after shortstop Eric Sogard broke to cover second base . When left fielder Craig Gentry bobbled the ball , Gose sped around third and slid home under a high throw from Gentry . Lawrie put the Blue Jays in front with a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
Toronto tied it on an unearned run in the third . Gose reached on a fielder 's choice and was running from first on Melky Cabrera 's two - out single that rolled through the infield after shortstop Eric Sogard broke to cover second base . When left fielder Craig Gentry bobbled the ball , Gose sped around third and slid home under a high throw from Gentry . Lawrie put the Blue Jays in front with a leadoff homer in the fifth , and Toronto tacked on two more thanks to another Oakland error . Gose and Reyes hit back-to-back singles , and a wild pitch gave the Blue Jays runners at second	False
Toronto tied it on an unearned run in the third . Gose reached on a fielder 's choice and was running from first on Melky Cabrera 's two - out single that rolled through the infield after shortstop Eric Sogard broke to cover second base . When left fielder Craig Gentry bobbled the ball , Gose sped around third and slid home under a high throw from Gentry . Lawrie put the Blue Jays in front with a leadoff homer in the fifth , and Toronto tacked on two more thanks to another Oakland error . Gose and Reyes hit back-to-back singles , and a wild pitch gave the Blue Jays runners at second and third	False
Milwaukee did n't need slugger Ryan Braun , who sat out after a flare-up of the oblique strain that sent him to the disabled list earlier this season . The Brewers hope he can rejoin the lineup by Sunday . Reynolds homered in the fourth	True
Milwaukee did n't need slugger Ryan Braun , who sat out after a flare-up of the oblique strain that sent him to the disabled list earlier this season . The Brewers hope he can rejoin the lineup by Sunday . Reynolds homered in the fourth and again in the fifth	False
It has been nearly three years since three players hit two homers in a major-league game . Marco Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) did n't pitch from the stretch until there were two out in the seventh	True
Along with all of the offense , there were some long outs as well . Two balls hit by Carlos Gomez would likely have been homers in Milwaukee . Gomez had three doubles and a single for the Brewers , who totaled eight extra-base hits . The NL Central leaders hit for the cycle in the fifth	True
Edinson Volquez allowed one run in six sharp innings , Andrew McCutchen and Josh Harrison made a splash both at the plate and in the field , and the Pirates edged the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 Thursday night . Volquez ( 2 - 4 ) ended a three - game losing streak by limiting the Nationals to three hits , walking two and striking out four . Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
Volquez ( 2 - 4 ) ended a three - game losing streak by limiting the Nationals to three hits , walking two and striking out four . Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his eighth save . McCutchen drove in two runs for the Pirates and made a sliding grab with two on in the ninth	True
Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle wondered if Volquez -- who led the National League in walks per nine innings last season -- was suddenly throwing too many strikes . The former All-Star did a better job mixing location and speed against Washington 's patchwork lineup . His only real miscue came on a 2 - 0 fastball in the fourth	True
It was the 10th home run Volquez has surrendered this season , but he responded by retiring nine of the last 10 batters he faced . Treinen , who faced Cy Young winner Clayton Kershaw in his previous major league start , was n't quite as crisp . He retired the first eight batters he faced thanks in part to a sinker that topped out at 97 mph before getting loose in the third	True
Trouble surfaced again in the fifth thanks in part to Harrison , who has provided a spark in right field even as the Pirates mark time until the likely arrival of highly touted prospect Gregory Polanco next month . Harrison walked to lead off the inning and moved to second	False
Harrison walked to lead off the inning and moved to second on a fly to center before streaking home on a sharp single up the middle by McCutchen . Harrison is 13 for 37 ( .351 ) since being moved into the leadoff spot earlier this month . Washington loaded the bases in the eighth	True
Pablo Sandoval and Brandon Crawford also connected for the NL West-leading Giants , who won at this hitter friendly venue for just the fifth time in 15 games dating back to last season . Cain had good command and was cruising along , not allowing a hit through three innings . Then , on his last pitch of the third	True
Petit ( 3 - 1 ) pitched effectively in Cain 's place as he and four other relievers limited the best offensive team in the majors to just five hits . Jhoulys Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) worked 5 2/3 innings and allowed three runs , including a homer to Pence in the fourth	True
Jhoulys Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) worked 5 2/3 innings and allowed three runs , including a homer to Pence in the fourth and another to Sandoval two innings later . Crawford added a solo shot off Matt Belisle in the seventh	True
Crawford added a solo shot off Matt Belisle in the seventh as the Giants took the middle contest to even the three - game series . The Rockies have yet to lose a series at home this year . Trailing 5 - 0 in the eighth	True
Troy Tulowitzki then flew out limit the damage to only a run . Cain was settling into a rhythm when Rockies second baseman D. J. LeMahieu sent a sharp comebacker at the right-hander in the third	True
Optimistic this injury will heal fast ? Carlos Gonzalez also was banged up as he left the game as part of a double-switch in the eighth	True
If the outlook on Fielder changes , Moreland says his approach wo n't . The Rangers , who snapped a four - game losing streak and stayed seven games behind Oakland in fourth place in the AL West , had gone 23 innings without an extra-base hit when Rios drove one off the right-center wall in the fourth	True
Juan Francisco and Edwin Encarnacion homered for the Blue Jays , who had won a franchise-record six straight in Texas , including a four - game sweep in their only visit last year . The Rangers were in position to add to the lead Moreland gave them in the seventh	True
Michael Choice lined out to Francisco , who tagged third base with his glove as Robinson Chirinos was diving back to the bag . Dale Scott called Chirinos safe , but a review lasting nearly 3 minutes overturned it and gave Toronto an inning-ending double play . Gibbons ' move ended up not mattering much when Shin-Soo Choo and Adrian Beltre had run-scoring hits in the eighth	True
Moreland hit his second homer of the season after Rios just beat Francisco 's throw for an error on one of the plays Gibbons considered challenging . Toronto had a season-high four errors . Texas rookie right-hander Nick Martinez left with a 2 - 1 lead after five innings but lost the chance for his first big league win on Encarnacion 's ninth homer , a shot to left field off Aaron Poreda in the sixth	True
Texas rookie right-hander Nick Martinez left with a 2 - 1 lead after five innings but lost the chance for his first big league win on Encarnacion 's ninth homer , a shot to left field off Aaron Poreda in the sixth . Poreda ( 2 - 0 ) ended up getting the win after a scoreless seventh	True
Texas rookie right-hander Nick Martinez left with a 2 - 1 lead after five innings but lost the chance for his first big league win on Encarnacion 's ninth homer , a shot to left field off Aaron Poreda in the sixth . Poreda ( 2 - 0 ) ended up getting the win after a scoreless seventh , and closer Joakim Soria pitched a shaky but scoreless ninth	True
Oakland manager Bob Melvin sure was pleased to see Reddick pounding out hits . Reddick 's second career grand slam and Josh Donaldson 's three - run homer sparked an eight - run second inning . Reddick added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Sonny Gray ( 5 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits with nine strikeouts in six innings for Oakland , which has won seven of eight . Both homers in Oakland 's biggest inning of the season came off Zach McAllister ( 3 - 4 ) , who struck out the side in the first	True
Sonny Gray ( 5 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits with nine strikeouts in six innings for Oakland , which has won seven of eight . Both homers in Oakland 's biggest inning of the season came off Zach McAllister ( 3 - 4 ) , who struck out the side in the first , but retired only one batter in the second	True
The game-time temperature was announced at 49 degrees , a big difference for the Athletics , who had been playing in warm weather during a nine - game home stand . Nick Swisher 's solo homer in the first put Cleveland ahead , but Oakland sent 11 men to the plate in the second	True
The game-time temperature was announced at 49 degrees , a big difference for the Athletics , who had been playing in warm weather during a nine - game home stand . Nick Swisher 's solo homer in the first put Cleveland ahead , but Oakland sent 11 men to the plate in the second , with the first five reaching base . Brandon Moss doubled and took third	False
Indians manager Terry Francona pulled McAllister for left-hander Kyle Crockett , making his major league debut . Gray played catch with Jaso in front of Oakland 's dugout to keep loose during the pitching change . Gray was in control other than allowing Swisher 's homer . Michael Brantley singled with two outs in the third	True
Gray was in control other than allowing Swisher 's homer . Michael Brantley singled with two outs in the third . The right-hander retired the final eight hitters , including five strikeouts . Lowrie drove in two runs , including a leadoff homer in the third	True
Lowrie drove in two runs , including a leadoff homer in the third , while Donaldson has homered in three straight games . McAllister allowed eight runs in 1 1/3 innings and threw 38 pitches in the second	True
Trout went 1 for 4 with a triple , walk and stolen base . The two - time All-Star went 2 for 9 in his first series against the team he rooted for growing up . Trout grew up in nearby Millville , New Jersey . More than 4,000 people from the small town came to see him Tuesday night , and there were plenty of fans wearing No . 27 Angels jerseys in the stands again . Richards ( 4 - 0 ) struck out eight with no walks and lowered his ERA to 2.42 . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Angels got a run in each of the first three innings . Richards did the rest . Albert Pujols hit a two - out double in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit a two - out double in the first and scored on a single by Raul Ibanez , the former Phillies All-Star who heard familiar `` Rauuuul '' chants when he came to the plate . Ibanez helped the Phillies win the NL pennant in 2009 and was a fan favorite during three seasons in Philadelphia . Efren Navarro had an RBI single with two outs in the second	True
Efren Navarro had an RBI single with two outs in the second to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Erick Aybar ripped an RBI double to right-center in the third	True
Erick Aybar ripped an RBI double to right-center in the third to make it 3 - 0 . But Burnett escaped more trouble with the bases loaded and no outs . He struck out Grant Green and retired Luis Jimenez on a double play . Richards pitched out of his only jam in the sixth	True
Erick Aybar ripped an RBI double to right-center in the third to make it 3 - 0 . But Burnett escaped more trouble with the bases loaded and no outs . He struck out Grant Green and retired Luis Jimenez on a double play . Richards pitched out of his only jam in the sixth after Chase Utley 's second double put runners at second	False
Erick Aybar ripped an RBI double to right-center in the third to make it 3 - 0 . But Burnett escaped more trouble with the bases loaded and no outs . He struck out Grant Green and retired Luis Jimenez on a double play . Richards pitched out of his only jam in the sixth after Chase Utley 's second double put runners at second and third	False
Richards pitched out of his only jam in the sixth after Chase Utley 's second double put runners at second and third with one out . Richards then struck out Ryan Howard and retired Marlon Byrd on a soft liner . Trout led off the seventh	True
One night after grounding out in a nine - pitch at-bat against Rodriguez , Stewart 's single keyed a three - run burst in the ninth inning and sent the Pirates past Milwaukee 4 - 1 , ending the Brewers ' three - game winning streak . Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) threw two quick strikes to Stewart , but left a changeup high on the outside corner of the plate on his third pitch and the Pirates catcher belted it to center , allowing pinch-runner Clint Barmes to score from second	False
Milwaukee managed only six hits and went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position minus Carlos Gomez . The star center fielder dropped his appeal Wednesday and began a three - game suspension for his part in a bench-clearing fracas at Pittsburgh on Easter Sunday . Ike Davis singled past diving first baseman Mark Reynolds in the Pittsburgh ninth	True
Starling Marte , playing for the first time since exiting Saturday with tightness in his back , then hit a two - run double to the center-field wall . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Starling Marte , playing for the first time since exiting Saturday with tightness in his back , then hit a two - run double to the center-field wall . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth . Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta had another strong outing , giving one run on five hits and a walk while striking out four in seven innings . The right-hander received a no-decision but lowered his ERA to 2.05 in eight starts . Herrera , Gomez 's replacement , went 0 for 4 and grounded out to strand Khris Davis at third	False
Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta had another strong outing , giving one run on five hits and a walk while striking out four in seven innings . The right-hander received a no-decision but lowered his ERA to 2.05 in eight starts . Herrera , Gomez 's replacement , went 0 for 4 and grounded out to strand Khris Davis at third in a 1-all game to end the seventh	True
Zobrist 's injury is n't considered serious . But the Rays are not sure whether he 'll end up on the disabled list or be able to play through the injury . Rays manager Joe Maddon said the club likely would make a decision Thursday after seeing how the thumb responds . Zobrist hurt his left thumb on a headfirst slide while trying to steal second base in the fifth	True
Odorizzi ( 2 - 3 ) picked up his first win since the opening week of the season , teaming with three relievers on a combined two - hitter . Odorizzi allowed only two baserunners , both on walks , and then retired 12 straight batters before James Jones broke up the no-hit bid with a two - out single in the sixth	True
Odorizzi allowed only two baserunners , both on walks , and then retired 12 straight batters before James Jones broke up the no-hit bid with a two - out single in the sixth . Odorizzi struck out Stefen Romero to end the sixth	True
Odorizzi allowed only two baserunners , both on walks , and then retired 12 straight batters before James Jones broke up the no-hit bid with a two - out single in the sixth . Odorizzi struck out Stefen Romero to end the sixth , his eighth	False
Odorizzi struck out Stefen Romero to end the sixth , his eighth , but his pitch count was at 95 . Odorizzi said he knew he had a no-hitter going but realized it was a long time before it could become reality . With the Rays bullpen rested after Price 's complete game the night before , Maddon ended Odorizzi 's day after six innings . Jake McGee walked Robinson Cano to open the seventh	True
With the Rays bullpen rested after Price 's complete game the night before , Maddon ended Odorizzi 's day after six innings . Jake McGee walked Robinson Cano to open the seventh but got Justin Smoak to ground into a double play . Joel Peralta worked around a one - out double by Dustin Ackley in the eighth	True
Joel Peralta worked around a one - out double by Dustin Ackley in the eighth , helped by a questionable strikeout of John Buck when he was called out by first-base umpire Lance Barksdale on a check swing . That set off Seattle manager Lloyd McClendon . His argument led to his second ejection of the season and left a fan with a souvenir after McClendon threw his hat into the stands . Grant Balfour worked the ninth	True
Grant Balfour worked the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Brandon Maurer ( 1 - 2 ) and the Seattle bullpen held the Rays to three hits , but Tampa Bay scored twice in the fourth	True
DETROIT -- Josmil Pinto was rounding third	True
So Pinto went home , and the comeback was only beginning for the Minnesota Twins . They scored three more runs the following inning -- thanks in part to more poor defense by Detroit -- for a 4 - 3 victory over the Tigers on Sunday . Eduardo Nunez hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth	True
So Pinto went home , and the comeback was only beginning for the Minnesota Twins . They scored three more runs the following inning -- thanks in part to more poor defense by Detroit -- for a 4 - 3 victory over the Tigers on Sunday . Eduardo Nunez hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth for the Twins , who had a bit of help from Detroit 's outfield in the late innings . Right fielder Torii Hunter threw to the wrong base to allow Pinto to score in the seventh	True
So Pinto went home , and the comeback was only beginning for the Minnesota Twins . They scored three more runs the following inning -- thanks in part to more poor defense by Detroit -- for a 4 - 3 victory over the Tigers on Sunday . Eduardo Nunez hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth for the Twins , who had a bit of help from Detroit 's outfield in the late innings . Right fielder Torii Hunter threw to the wrong base to allow Pinto to score in the seventh , and an error by Rajai Davis in left was even more costly in the eighth	True
The Twins handed the AL Central-leading Tigers only their second series loss of the season . Detroit left-hander Robbie Ray pitched six scoreless innings in his second big league start and Ian Kinsler homered to put the Tigers up 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Detroit left-hander Robbie Ray pitched six scoreless innings in his second big league start and Ian Kinsler homered to put the Tigers up 3 - 0 in the fifth . The bullpen could n't hold on . Minnesota pinch-hitter Danny Santana hit an RBI single in the seventh	True
Detroit left-hander Robbie Ray pitched six scoreless innings in his second big league start and Ian Kinsler homered to put the Tigers up 3 - 0 in the fifth . The bullpen could n't hold on . Minnesota pinch-hitter Danny Santana hit an RBI single in the seventh , when Pinto ran through a stop sign and scored from second	False
So Pinto kept going . Detroit 's problems were only beginning . In the eighth	True
So Pinto kept going . Detroit 's problems were only beginning . In the eighth , Pinto singled to left off Joba Chamberlain ( 1 - 2 ) with runners on first	False
So Pinto kept going . Detroit 's problems were only beginning . In the eighth , Pinto singled to left off Joba Chamberlain ( 1 - 2 ) with runners on first and second	False
So Pinto kept going . Detroit 's problems were only beginning . In the eighth , Pinto singled to left off Joba Chamberlain ( 1 - 2 ) with runners on first and second . One run scored on the hit , and the ball skipped past Davis for an error that enabled another run to come home and allowed Pinto to reach second	False
Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) won in relief . Glen Perkins got four outs for his 10th save in 11 chances . With a runner on second	False
Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) won in relief . Glen Perkins got four outs for his 10th save in 11 chances . With a runner on second and one out in the bottom of the eighth	True
Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) won in relief . Glen Perkins got four outs for his 10th save in 11 chances . With a runner on second and one out in the bottom of the eighth , Victor Martinez hit a line drive up the middle that hit reliever Casey Fien . The right-hander picked up the ball and threw a one - hopper to first	False
With a runner on second and one out in the bottom of the eighth , Victor Martinez hit a line drive up the middle that hit reliever Casey Fien . The right-hander picked up the ball and threw a one - hopper to first to retire Martinez , then Fein left the game with a bruised right arm . Perkins came on and got pinch-hitter Nick Castellanos on a flyout with a runner on third	False
Perkins came on and got pinch-hitter Nick Castellanos on a flyout with a runner on third . Minnesota starter Samuel Deduno gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Perkins came on and got pinch-hitter Nick Castellanos on a flyout with a runner on third . Minnesota starter Samuel Deduno gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and the Tigers made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Minnesota starter Samuel Deduno gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and the Tigers made it 2 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Austin Jackson . Detroit had the bases loaded later that inning when Gardenhire was ejected . With one out , Andrew Romine hit a grounder toward shortstop , but the Twins had no chance to turn a double play because the ball hit Jackson , who had been on second	False
Minnesota starter Samuel Deduno gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and the Tigers made it 2 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Austin Jackson . Detroit had the bases loaded later that inning when Gardenhire was ejected . With one out , Andrew Romine hit a grounder toward shortstop , but the Twins had no chance to turn a double play because the ball hit Jackson , who had been on second . Jackson was called out , Martinez was sent back to third	False
Minnesota starter Samuel Deduno gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and the Tigers made it 2 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Austin Jackson . Detroit had the bases loaded later that inning when Gardenhire was ejected . With one out , Andrew Romine hit a grounder toward shortstop , but the Twins had no chance to turn a double play because the ball hit Jackson , who had been on second . Jackson was called out , Martinez was sent back to third and Romine was awarded first	False
Skaggs pitched into the ninth inning and retired 21 straight batters , leading the Los Angeles Angels over the Toronto Blue Jays 5 - 3 Saturday . Rookie C. J. Cron hit his first major league homer and Chris Iannetta added a two - run shot as Angels won their sixth	False
Skaggs said he never really stewed over his loss to Texas , and was just happy to have his full arsenal of pitches working again . Skaggs gave up two earned runs and four hits , leaving after Jose Reyes and Melky Cabrera started the bottom of the ninth	False
Skaggs gave up two earned runs and four hits , leaving after Jose Reyes and Melky Cabrera started the bottom of the ninth with back-to-back singles . Skaggs retired Dioner Navarro on a fly ball to end the first inning and did n't permit another runner until the eighth	True
Skaggs retired Dioner Navarro on a fly ball to end the first inning and did n't permit another runner until the eighth . Joe Smith gave up an RBI single to Jose Bautista in the ninth	True
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons declined to speak to reporters following the game but did offer a brief statement through a team spokesman , saying `` Skaggs was great , he manhandled us . '' Iannetta homered in the second	True
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons declined to speak to reporters following the game but did offer a brief statement through a team spokesman , saying `` Skaggs was great , he manhandled us . '' Iannetta homered in the second and Cron hit a second-deck drive in the third	True
Iannetta homered in the second and Cron hit a second-deck drive in the third . Bautista reached on a fielding error by Skaggs in the first	True
Bautista reached on a fielding error by Skaggs in the first and scored on a two - out double by Encarnacion . Skaggs then began his streak of setting down Toronto hitters . The string almost ended when Iannetta dropped a third strike to Juan Francisco in the eighth	True
Bautista reached on a fielding error by Skaggs in the first and scored on a two - out double by Encarnacion . Skaggs then began his streak of setting down Toronto hitters . The string almost ended when Iannetta dropped a third strike to Juan Francisco in the eighth , but the catcher made a strong , off-balance throw to first	False
The string almost ended when Iannetta dropped a third strike to Juan Francisco in the eighth , but the catcher made a strong , off-balance throw to first for the out . Steve Tolleson followed with a double . Happ retired the Angels in order in the first	True
The string almost ended when Iannetta dropped a third strike to Juan Francisco in the eighth , but the catcher made a strong , off-balance throw to first for the out . Steve Tolleson followed with a double . Happ retired the Angels in order in the first but ran into trouble in the second	True
It was the second time in two years that the Angels ' management went out of the way to honor a member of former manager Joe Torre 's `` Core Four . '' Last season it was Mariano Rivera , who retired as the all-time saves leader and received a painting of himself . Jeter made it 6 - 0 in the second	True
Eleven of Jeter 's last 12 home runs have been solo shots , including one against Santiago when he pitched for the White Sox in August 2012 . Jeter got a standing ovation before his final at-bat during the Yankees ' three - run eighth	True
Floyd made his first major league start since April 27 , 2013 , for the White Sox against Tampa Bay . He had season-ending Tommy John surgery 10 days later , and his comeback included six minor league rehab starts this year . David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) had two strikeouts in a perfect eighth	True
Floyd made his first major league start since April 27 , 2013 , for the White Sox against Tampa Bay . He had season-ending Tommy John surgery 10 days later , and his comeback included six minor league rehab starts this year . David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) had two strikeouts in a perfect eighth . Craig Kimbrel had two strikeouts in a perfect ninth	False
St. Louis left-hander Tyler Lyons allowed only one run on four hits , including Upton 's homer , in six innings . With one out in the eighth	True
With one out in the eighth , Justin Upton singled to center . Freddie Freeman followed with a liner that bounced off the leg of Randy Choate ( 0 - 1 ) and bounced to third baseman Matt Carpenter for an infield hit . Right-hander Pat Neshek gave up Johnson 's single to right field that drove in Upton and allowed Freeman to advance to third	False
Right-hander Pat Neshek gave up Johnson 's single to right field that drove in Upton and allowed Freeman to advance to third . The Braves had to settle for one run when Gerald Laird struck out on a botched suicide squeeze and Freeman was out on a rundown . Lyons retired the first 10 Braves before Upton snapped a 0 - for - 12 streak with his team-leading ninth homer in the fourth	True
Lyons retired the first 10 Braves before Upton snapped a 0 - for - 12 streak with his team-leading ninth homer in the fourth . Upton 's drive deep into the seats in left-center gave the Braves their first lead in almost a week . They took a 4 - 3 edge in the sixth inning of Thursday 's 5 - 4 loss at Miami . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Floyd made the start originally planned for Ervin Santana , whose spot was skipped due to his swollen right thumb . Santana is listed as the probable starter against the Cubs on Saturday . Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez stayed with the structure of the revamped lineup he unveiled on Monday in an attempt to snap the losing streak and hitting slump . For the second straight game , shortstop Andrelton Simmons hit ninth	False
Floyd made the start originally planned for Ervin Santana , whose spot was skipped due to his swollen right thumb . Santana is listed as the probable starter against the Cubs on Saturday . Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez stayed with the structure of the revamped lineup he unveiled on Monday in an attempt to snap the losing streak and hitting slump . For the second straight game , shortstop Andrelton Simmons hit ninth , one spot behind the pitcher . After sitting out Monday 's game , Dan Uggla returned as the starting second baseman and hit seventh	False
Floyd made the start originally planned for Ervin Santana , whose spot was skipped due to his swollen right thumb . Santana is listed as the probable starter against the Cubs on Saturday . Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez stayed with the structure of the revamped lineup he unveiled on Monday in an attempt to snap the losing streak and hitting slump . For the second straight game , shortstop Andrelton Simmons hit ninth , one spot behind the pitcher . After sitting out Monday 's game , Dan Uggla returned as the starting second baseman and hit seventh , and Justin Upton again hit second	False
Butler then doubled in Gordon . Davis ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two innings of one - hit ball for the victory , striking out four . Greg Holland , who blew the save Monday night , pitched the 11th	True
The teams played extra innings for the second straight night . San Diego won 6 - 5 in 12 innings Monday night . The Royals had a scoring chance in the ninth	True
The teams played extra innings for the second straight night . San Diego won 6 - 5 in 12 innings Monday night . The Royals had a scoring chance in the ninth against Huston Street . Alcides Escobar singled to center and stole second	False
The teams played extra innings for the second straight night . San Diego won 6 - 5 in 12 innings Monday night . The Royals had a scoring chance in the ninth against Huston Street . Alcides Escobar singled to center and stole second and third	False
Each starter gave up a home run . San Diego 's Yasmani Grandal homered for the second straight game , a solo shot to right field off Guthrie with one out in the fourth	True
Each starter gave up a home run . San Diego 's Yasmani Grandal homered for the second straight game , a solo shot to right field off Guthrie with one out in the fourth for a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth	False
San Diego 's Yasmani Grandal homered for the second straight game , a solo shot to right field off Guthrie with one out in the fourth for a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth , moving him into the team lead . Grandal hit a tying three - run shot in the sixth inning Monday night . Salvador Perez tied it with a homer leading off the sixth	True
San Diego 's Yasmani Grandal homered for the second straight game , a solo shot to right field off Guthrie with one out in the fourth for a 1 - 0 lead . It was his fourth , moving him into the team lead . Grandal hit a tying three - run shot in the sixth inning Monday night . Salvador Perez tied it with a homer leading off the sixth off San Diego 's Robbie Erlin . It was Perez 's third	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jered Weaver bounded off the field shouting and pumping his fist after quashing a base-loaded jam with no outs in the top of the eighth inning . He was pretty excited in the bottom half , too , as he watched his teammates walk around the bases . The Angels scored three runs on five straight walks in the eighth	True
The Angels scored three runs on five straight walks in the eighth after Weaver escaped a based-loaded jam with no outs in the top half , and they hung on to beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Monday night . Yankees relievers Shawn Kelley ( 0 - 2 ) , Matt Thornton and Preston Claiborne walked six overall in the eighth	True
Yankees relievers Shawn Kelley ( 0 - 2 ) , Matt Thornton and Preston Claiborne walked six overall in the eighth , the most walks in an inning by New York since 1990 . The wild display came after manager Joe Girardi was ejected by plate umpire Laz Diaz for arguing a strike call in the top of the inning and engaging Diaz in a heated argument . Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) allowed a run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . The right-hander bounded off the mound pumping his fist and shouting in excitement after getting Derek Jeter to ground into an inning-ending double play in the eighth	True
Kelley was tossed by Diaz on his way to the dugout . Thornton then walked Ian Stewart to force in another run , and Claiborne did likewise to Chris Iannetta . The Yankees loaded the bases in the top of the eighth	True
Gardner then struck out and Jeter grounded into a 4 - 6 - 6 double play on Weaver 's next offering . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth	True
Phelps made his first nine appearances this season out of the bullpen , but was inserted into the rotation because of Michael Pineda 's 10-game suspension for having a foreign substance on his neck during a game at Boston on April 23 . Phelps matched zeroes with Weaver through four innings before Kendrick led off the Angels ' fifth	True
Phelps made his first nine appearances this season out of the bullpen , but was inserted into the rotation because of Michael Pineda 's 10-game suspension for having a foreign substance on his neck during a game at Boston on April 23 . Phelps matched zeroes with Weaver through four innings before Kendrick led off the Angels ' fifth with a drive into the right field corner that skipped away from Suzuki for a triple . Stewart delivered the run with a slow-hit grounder to third base , and Johnson 's only play was to first	False
Phelps matched zeroes with Weaver through four innings before Kendrick led off the Angels ' fifth with a drive into the right field corner that skipped away from Suzuki for a triple . Stewart delivered the run with a slow-hit grounder to third base , and Johnson 's only play was to first . The only hit Weaver allowed during the first six innings was a leadoff single in the fourth	True
The only hit Weaver allowed during the first six innings was a leadoff single in the fourth by Jeter , ending an 0 - for - 14 drought for the Yankees captain . Jeter doubled inside third base on Weaver 's first pitch in the seventh	True
He also got plenty of offensive support . Tulowitzki , who was named the NL Player of the Month for April before the game , had his first multihomer game of the season and the ninth	False
He also got plenty of offensive support . Tulowitzki , who was named the NL Player of the Month for April before the game , had his first multihomer game of the season and the ninth of his career . He hit a two - run shot off Texas starter Martin Perez in the fifth	True
He also got plenty of offensive support . Tulowitzki , who was named the NL Player of the Month for April before the game , had his first multihomer game of the season and the ninth of his career . He hit a two - run shot off Texas starter Martin Perez in the fifth and hit another two - run homer off reliever Shawn Tolleson to give Colorado a 7 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
Both homers came after Drew Stubbs had doubled . Tulowitzki had a chance for a third home run when he came to bat in the eighth	True
It was more than enough for Lyles ( 4 - 0 ) , who came within three outs of the second complete game of his career . He had struggled in six previous starts against Texas but held the Rangers in check a night after they had 14 hits and nine walks in a 14 - 3 win over the Angels . He worked out of trouble in the third	True
It was more than enough for Lyles ( 4 - 0 ) , who came within three outs of the second complete game of his career . He had struggled in six previous starts against Texas but held the Rangers in check a night after they had 14 hits and nine walks in a 14 - 3 win over the Angels . He worked out of trouble in the third and the Rangers ' first run came on a ground out to shortstop in the sixth	True
He had struggled in six previous starts against Texas but held the Rangers in check a night after they had 14 hits and nine walks in a 14 - 3 win over the Angels . He worked out of trouble in the third and the Rangers ' first run came on a ground out to shortstop in the sixth . Texas had runners on first	False
He had struggled in six previous starts against Texas but held the Rangers in check a night after they had 14 hits and nine walks in a 14 - 3 win over the Angels . He worked out of trouble in the third and the Rangers ' first run came on a ground out to shortstop in the sixth . Texas had runners on first and second	False
He had struggled in six previous starts against Texas but held the Rangers in check a night after they had 14 hits and nine walks in a 14 - 3 win over the Angels . He worked out of trouble in the third and the Rangers ' first run came on a ground out to shortstop in the sixth . Texas had runners on first and second in the eighth	True
Texas had runners on first and second in the eighth but Lyles got Josh Wilson to ground into the third double play of the night to end the inning . Manager Walt Weiss sent him out for the start of the ninth	True
Perez ( 4 - 2 ) struggled for the second consecutive start after hurling 26 straight scoreless innings . He allowed five runs on seven hits over five innings . In his past two games he has been touched for 13 runs in 9 2/3 innings . Perez had not surrendered a home run for 46 innings dating back to last season when Arenado went deep on him in the second	True
Perez had not surrendered a home run for 46 innings dating back to last season when Arenado went deep on him in the second . After Carlos Gonzalez led off the second	True
After Carlos Gonzalez led off the second with a double to left , Arenado drilled a 93-mph fastball into the tunnel in left field to make it 2 - 0 . It was Arenado 's sixth	False
After Carlos Gonzalez led off the second with a double to left , Arenado drilled a 93-mph fastball into the tunnel in left field to make it 2 - 0 . It was Arenado 's sixth of the season and fourth	False
It was Arenado 's sixth of the season and fourth during his streak . The hitting streak is the second-longest in Rockies history . Gonzalez made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
Alex Avila threw out three runners . Austin Jackson sprinted toward the center field wall to catch a deep drive . Andrew Romine perfectly placed a bunt down the third base line to put Nick Castellanos in scoring position for Rajai Davis . Davis broke a scoreless tie with an RBI single in the seventh inning . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the eighth inning and Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
The Astros , who have the worst record in the majors , had a team meeting recently and manager Bo Porter told his players that they need to realize there is a lot of baseball left to play this season . Scherzer ( 4 - 1 ) earned his fourth straight win . He has struck out at least seven in each of his seven starts this season , the only pitcher to pull off that feat in franchise history and the first	False
Scherzer ( 4 - 1 ) earned his fourth straight win . He has struck out at least seven in each of his seven starts this season , the only pitcher to pull off that feat in franchise history and the first for any team since San Francisco 's Tim Lincecum in 2010 . Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in seven innings . Nick Castellanos reached in the seventh	True
Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in seven innings . Nick Castellanos reached in the seventh because first baseman Marc Krauss dropped a perfect throw from third baseman Matt Dominguez . Scherzer gave up a leadoff walk to Krauss in the eighth	True
Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and four hits in seven innings . Nick Castellanos reached in the seventh because first baseman Marc Krauss dropped a perfect throw from third baseman Matt Dominguez . Scherzer gave up a leadoff walk to Krauss in the eighth and Jonathan Villar singled with one out . Jose Altuve then struck out and Avila threw out pinch-runner Marwin Gonzalez trying to steal third	False
`` Hitting a walk-off , I really ca n't describe it . That 's definitely the best feeling I 've ever had in baseball , so far . '' The Mets overcame Colorado 's eight - run fifth inning , that included Nolan Arenado 's grand slam , and took a 10 - 9 lead on Juan Lagares ' RBI single in the ninth	True
The Mets overcame Colorado 's eight - run fifth inning , that included Nolan Arenado 's grand slam , and took a 10 - 9 lead on Juan Lagares ' RBI single in the ninth off LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) . But Troy Tulowitzki , who recorded his 1,000th career hit earlier , singled off Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) to start the bottom of the ninth	True
The Mets overcame Colorado 's eight - run fifth inning , that included Nolan Arenado 's grand slam , and took a 10 - 9 lead on Juan Lagares ' RBI single in the ninth off LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) . But Troy Tulowitzki , who recorded his 1,000th career hit earlier , singled off Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) to start the bottom of the ninth . He advanced to second	False
It was a sudden finish to a game in which the teams combined for 30 hits , including Arenado 's slam that extended his major league-best hitting streak to 23 games . Tulowitzki notched his 1,000th hit in the seventh	True
Tulowitzki notched his 1,000th hit in the seventh when he singled up the middle off reliever Daisuke Matsuzaka . The ninth-year pro became the fifth Rockies player with 1,000 hits and the 78th active player to reach the milestone . He scored from third	False
Tulowitzki notched his 1,000th hit in the seventh when he singled up the middle off reliever Daisuke Matsuzaka . The ninth-year pro became the fifth Rockies player with 1,000 hits and the 78th active player to reach the milestone . He scored from third on Jordan Pacheco 's sacrifice fly to give Colorado a 9 - 8 lead , but the Mets tied it again in the eighth	False
The ninth-year pro became the fifth Rockies player with 1,000 hits and the 78th active player to reach the milestone . He scored from third on Jordan Pacheco 's sacrifice fly to give Colorado a 9 - 8 lead , but the Mets tied it again in the eighth on Chris Young 's RBI single . Staked to an early 6 - 0 lead , Mets starter Jenrry Mejia had blanked the Rockies through the first four innings and seemed headed toward the solid pitching outing New York needed . Instead , he became the third straight Mets starter to fail to get out of the fifth	True
Staked to an early 6 - 0 lead , Mets starter Jenrry Mejia had blanked the Rockies through the first four innings and seemed headed toward the solid pitching outing New York needed . Instead , he became the third straight Mets starter to fail to get out of the fifth after the rotation began the season with 26 straight starts of at least five innings . The turnaround was triggered by Ryan Wheeler 's first home run of the season leading off the fifth	True
In one stunning five - pitch stretch , Mejia gave up RBI singles to Charlie Blackmon , Drew Stubbs and Carlos Gonzalez as the Rockies tied it 4 - 4 . Mejia then hit Tulowitzki in his upper left arm with a pitch to load the bases , and Arenado drove the next pitch into the left-field bleachers for his second career slam and the first	False
Matsuzaka then relieved Mejia , who gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 innings . The Mets , who built a 6 - 0 lead off Rockies starter Franklin Morales , fought back in the sixth	True
The Mets , who built a 6 - 0 lead off Rockies starter Franklin Morales , fought back in the sixth to tie it at 8 , getting a run-scoring double from Young and an RBI single from Curtis Granderson . Daniel Murphy got the Mets going with a one - out triple in the first	True
Daniel Murphy got the Mets going with a one - out triple in the first and scored when David Wright followed with a double . Anthony Recker and Lucas Duda added RBI singles . New York added to its lead when Wright singled to start the third	True
Daniel Murphy got the Mets going with a one - out triple in the first and scored when David Wright followed with a double . Anthony Recker and Lucas Duda added RBI singles . New York added to its lead when Wright singled to start the third , stole second	False
Daniel Murphy got the Mets going with a one - out triple in the first and scored when David Wright followed with a double . Anthony Recker and Lucas Duda added RBI singles . New York added to its lead when Wright singled to start the third , stole second and took third	False
Adam LaRoche and Zach Walters homered for Washington . The game was delayed for 24 minutes because of heavy rain , lightning and thunder after the sixth	True
The runs and innings were career-worsts for Roark , who was making his 11th major league start . Howard started the trouble for Roark by hitting an opposite-field , three - run homer in the first	True
Said Howard , `` It 's still kind of a game of catch-up for me . Just trying to take it day by day , continue to try to progress and take it as it comes . '' Asche connected for a solo shot in the second	True
Said Howard , `` It 's still kind of a game of catch-up for me . Just trying to take it day by day , continue to try to progress and take it as it comes . '' Asche connected for a solo shot in the second to make it 4 - 0 . Carlos Ruiz 's RBI double in the fourth	False
Asche connected for a solo shot in the second to make it 4 - 0 . Carlos Ruiz 's RBI double in the fourth and Byrd 's two - run single in the fifth gave Philadelphia a 7 - 0 cushion . LaRoche homered in the sixth	False
LaRoche , who has been slowed by a quadriceps injury , was lifted after hitting the homer . Walters , pinch-hitting in the seventh	True
After missing the first month of the season with left shoulder tendinitis , Minor ( 0 - 1 ) allowed seven hits , two runs , no walks and struck out four . He trailed 1 - 0 when Pagan led off the game with his third homer and was down 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
The two - time Cy Young Award winner improved to 8 - 6 with a 2.89 ERA in 14 career starts against the Braves . Lincecum had problems in the fifth	True
The two - time Cy Young Award winner improved to 8 - 6 with a 2.89 ERA in 14 career starts against the Braves . Lincecum had problems in the fifth by walking leadoff hitter Gerald Laird , who advanced on Jason Heyward 's single and scored from second	False
San Francisco 's bullpen , which leads the majors with a 1.98 ERA , continued its stingy work . Santiago Casilla , the third Giants pitcher , struck out Chris Johnson with runners on first	False
San Francisco 's bullpen , which leads the majors with a 1.98 ERA , continued its stingy work . Santiago Casilla , the third Giants pitcher , struck out Chris Johnson with runners on first and second	False
San Francisco 's bullpen , which leads the majors with a 1.98 ERA , continued its stingy work . Santiago Casilla , the third Giants pitcher , struck out Chris Johnson with runners on first and second to end the seventh	True
San Francisco 's bullpen , which leads the majors with a 1.98 ERA , continued its stingy work . Santiago Casilla , the third Giants pitcher , struck out Chris Johnson with runners on first and second to end the seventh . He faced the minimum in the eighth	True
Santiago Casilla , the third Giants pitcher , struck out Chris Johnson with runners on first and second to end the seventh . He faced the minimum in the eighth , lowering his opponents ' batting average against right-handers to .162 in 37 at-bats . Closer Sergio Romo earned his eighth save in eight chances in an adventurous ninth	True
Even so , his return could boost a Braves rotation that lost Kris Medlen and Brandon Beachy to season-ending elbow surgeries during spring training . Minor , Atlanta 's leader in innings pitched the past two years , began the night 19 - 13 in 46 starts since the 2012 All-Star break and had a 2.90 ERA that ranked fourth	False
Springer singled home the winning run in the 11th inning to give the Astros a 5 - 4 victory over the Seattle Mariners . Springer , called up from Triple-A on April 16 , had an infield hit toward third	False
Astros manager Bo Porter hopes that the win in the team 's last at-bat will help Springer take off at the plate . Jose Altuve singled off Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) to open the 11th	True
Astros manager Bo Porter hopes that the win in the team 's last at-bat will help Springer take off at the plate . Jose Altuve singled off Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) to open the 11th and Dexter Fowler reached on a bunt single . A sacrifice bunt by Carlos Corporan came next , and Altuve beat the throw to third	False
Houston had trouble taking advantage of chances throughout the game and was 3 for 17 with runners in scoring position . Robinson Cano was initially ruled safe on a grounder with two outs in the 10th	True
Robinson Cano was initially ruled safe on a grounder with two outs in the 10th , but the play was challenged and overturned on replay to end the inning . The Astros tied it at 4 in the eighth	True
Houston starter Brad Peacock gave up six hits and four runs in six innings . He struck out six and walked three . Michael Saunders started the sixth	True
Springer had a chance to catch the ball in right field , but it bounced off his glove as he crashed into the fence near the bullpen . He was splayed on the ground as Fowler came over to retrieve the ball . Seager singled with none out in the fifth	True
Seager singled with none out in the fifth before Zunino connected on his homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field to tie it at 2 with two outs . Hernandez plunked Jason Castro in the fifth	True
Hernandez plunked Jason Castro in the fifth before Krauss ' RBI single , on a ball that bounced right in front of the wall in right field , put Houston back on top 3 - 2 . Krauss was thrown out trying to stretch the hit into a double . Altuve had a bunt single to start the third	True
LOS ANGELES -- All that separated Dan Haren from a possible chance at a no-hitter was a third-inning single that was awarded to Cleveland 's Michael Bourn after a replay review . Rookie Clint Robinson made sure the right-hander 's best outing of the season did n't go to waste , hitting a pinch-hit RBI single in the bottom of the seventh	True
Rookie Clint Robinson made sure the right-hander 's best outing of the season did n't go to waste , hitting a pinch-hit RBI single in the bottom of the seventh , and the Los Angeles Dodgers opened their interleague series against the Cleveland Indians with a 1 - 0 victory on Monday night . Dodgers shortstop Miguel Rojas made a diving stop of Bourn 's smash behind second base and got the out call from umpire Adrian Johnson before Cleveland manager Terry Francona successfully challenged the ruling . Bourn stole second	False
Haren struck out five and walked one on the 11th anniversary of his major league debut , getting through seven innings for just the third time in 17 starts this season . He ended a streak of nine consecutive outings in which he allowed a home run , one shy of his career-worst stretch in 2012 . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect eighth	True
Haren struck out five and walked one on the 11th anniversary of his major league debut , getting through seven innings for just the third time in 17 starts this season . He ended a streak of nine consecutive outings in which he allowed a home run , one shy of his career-worst stretch in 2012 . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect eighth and Kenley Jansen a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Corey Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) allowed a run and six hits over 6 2/3 innings and struck out five . The 28-year-old right-hander , who has spent all four of his big league seasons with the Indians , came in 6 - 0 with a 2.29 ERA in his six previous interleague starts . The Dodgers , who held the NL champion Cardinals to just four runs while taking three of four , had runners at second	False
Corey Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) allowed a run and six hits over 6 2/3 innings and struck out five . The 28-year-old right-hander , who has spent all four of his big league seasons with the Indians , came in 6 - 0 with a 2.29 ERA in his six previous interleague starts . The Dodgers , who held the NL champion Cardinals to just four runs while taking three of four , had runners at second and third	False
Corey Kluber ( 7 - 6 ) allowed a run and six hits over 6 2/3 innings and struck out five . The 28-year-old right-hander , who has spent all four of his big league seasons with the Indians , came in 6 - 0 with a 2.29 ERA in his six previous interleague starts . The Dodgers , who held the NL champion Cardinals to just four runs while taking three of four , had runners at second and third in the fourth	True
The Dodgers , who held the NL champion Cardinals to just four runs while taking three of four , had runners at second and third in the fourth when Kluber struck out Andre Ethier and retired Juan Uribe on a flyball . Ethier came up again in the seventh	True
The good things for Gonzalez 's Braves on Monday night were a barrage of Mets errors which handed Atlanta the win . Three errors by New York fueled Atlanta 's comeback as the Braves scored four runs in the eighth	True
Curtis Granderson had two hits , including a homer , for the Mets . Trailing 3 - 1 , the Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth	True
Rookie Christian Bethancourt , who made his first home start , and veteran Gerald Laird will be Atlanta 's primary catchers for at least two weeks . New York 's Zack Wheeler was in position for the win before the Mets ' eighth-inning collapse . He gave up one run on four hits and five walks in 6 1/3 innings . The Braves were held without a hit until Heyward led off the fourth	True
New York 's Zack Wheeler was in position for the win before the Mets ' eighth-inning collapse . He gave up one run on four hits and five walks in 6 1/3 innings . The Braves were held without a hit until Heyward led off the fourth with a double . The Braves scored one run in the fifth	True
New York 's Zack Wheeler was in position for the win before the Mets ' eighth-inning collapse . He gave up one run on four hits and five walks in 6 1/3 innings . The Braves were held without a hit until Heyward led off the fourth with a double . The Braves scored one run in the fifth . B. J. Upton , who hit a leadoff single and moved to third	False
Granderson opened the game with his 11th homer . It was his 26th career leadoff homer . Travis d'Arnaud 's double drove in Chris Young , who reached on a single , in the second	True
Granderson opened the game with his 11th homer . It was his 26th career leadoff homer . Travis d'Arnaud 's double drove in Chris Young , who reached on a single , in the second . Young 's flyball drove in Daniel Murphy from third base in the third	True
Collins successfully challenged a ruling that B. J. Upton stole second base in the third inning . The safe call was overturned following the review , which lasted 1 minute , 15 seconds . Upton 's slide easily beat the throw , but the replay showed he was tagged when he bounced off the bag at the end of his pop-up slide . Running from right field , Heyward made a sliding catch in foul territory on Tejada 's fly ball to open the fifth	True
Niese ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and scattered seven hits . It was his 20th straight outing without allowing more than three runs , dating to last season . Niese was handed a 5 - 0 lead by the middle of the second inning , but he nearly squandered it by issuing consecutive bases-loaded walks to Pedro Alvarez and Chris Stewart in the fourth	True
Niese ( 5 - 4 ) gave up three runs and scattered seven hits . It was his 20th straight outing without allowing more than three runs , dating to last season . Niese was handed a 5 - 0 lead by the middle of the second inning , but he nearly squandered it by issuing consecutive bases-loaded walks to Pedro Alvarez and Chris Stewart in the fourth and an RBI single to Neil Walker in the fifth	True
Niese was handed a 5 - 0 lead by the middle of the second inning , but he nearly squandered it by issuing consecutive bases-loaded walks to Pedro Alvarez and Chris Stewart in the fourth and an RBI single to Neil Walker in the fifth that made it a two - run game . Neise , however , made it through the sixth	True
Niese was handed a 5 - 0 lead by the middle of the second inning , but he nearly squandered it by issuing consecutive bases-loaded walks to Pedro Alvarez and Chris Stewart in the fourth and an RBI single to Neil Walker in the fifth that made it a two - run game . Neise , however , made it through the sixth , Jeurys Familia followed with two perfect innings and Jenrry Mejia pitched a perfect ninth	True
Neise , however , made it through the sixth , Jeurys Familia followed with two perfect innings and Jenrry Mejia pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save . Campbell drove in the first run in a three - run first inning with a double off Cole ( 6 - 4 ) . Daniel Murphy capped the Mets ' scoring with a two - run single with two outs in the second	True
Cole , who leads the Pirates in victories , lasted just four innings . Activated from the DL earlier Saturday , he was tagged for five runs and seven hits . Cole had been out since June 4 with right shoulder fatigue . After Campbell hit his RBI double in the first	True
After Campbell hit his RBI double in the first , Lucas Duda scored on a wild pitch and Kirk Nieuwenhuis capped the inning by singling in a run . Niese lost the strike zone in fourth	True
Albert Pujols and David Freese combined to drive in five runs as the Angels beat the Royals 6 - 2 on Saturday for their seventh victory in eight games . There were two rain delays with the second	True
The official game time was 2:48 , while the rain delays totaled 4:06 . Pujols , who has 14 RBIs in his past 13 games , singled home runs in the third	True
The official game time was 2:48 , while the rain delays totaled 4:06 . Pujols , who has 14 RBIs in his past 13 games , singled home runs in the third and sixth innings . Freese , who had three hits , drove in three runs , two in the four - run sixth	True
The official game time was 2:48 , while the rain delays totaled 4:06 . Pujols , who has 14 RBIs in his past 13 games , singled home runs in the third and sixth innings . Freese , who had three hits , drove in three runs , two in the four - run sixth and the other in fourth	True
Royals rookie Yordano Ventura ( 5 - 7 ) took the loss , yielding two runs on seven hits over four innings . Veteran left-hander Bruce Chen , who had not pitched since April 24 and going on the disabled list with a bulging disc , replaced Ventura after the game resumed . He allowed four runs on four hits , all in the sixth	True
Veteran left-hander Bruce Chen , who had not pitched since April 24 and going on the disabled list with a bulging disc , replaced Ventura after the game resumed . He allowed four runs on four hits , all in the sixth , walked two and struck out eight over five innings . Jason Grilli made his Angels ' debut after being acquired in a Friday trade with the Pirates and worked a perfect eighth	True
You need n't look far Friday to find the best counterargument for not summoning Mookie Betts on the first flight out of Providence/Boston , writes Gordon Edes . In his first at-bat as a 40-year-old , Derek Jeter fisted a single to right field with one out in the first	True
In his first at-bat as a 40-year-old , Derek Jeter fisted a single to right field with one out in the first . His birthday was on Thursday , the Yankees ' final day off before playing 17 straight going into the All-Star break . Jeter went to third	False
In his first at-bat as a 40-year-old , Derek Jeter fisted a single to right field with one out in the first . His birthday was on Thursday , the Yankees ' final day off before playing 17 straight going into the All-Star break . Jeter went to third on Jacoby Ellsbury 's double and scored on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly off Brandon Workman ( 1 - 1 ) for the early lead . The Yankees captain also singled in the fourth	True
New York manager Joe Girardi could have skipped the struggling Nuno ( 2 - 4 ) and given the ball to rookie ace Masahiro Tanaka because of the extra day of rest but , in a feisty pregame Q & A with media , Girardi insisted he was interested in protecting his entire staff , not just the Japanese sensation . Nuno rewarded Girardi with 5 2/3 impressive innings after he gave up a total of 13 runs in 9 1/3 innings in losses to the A 's and Orioles . He yielded a leadoff single to Jonny Gomes in the second	True
New York manager Joe Girardi could have skipped the struggling Nuno ( 2 - 4 ) and given the ball to rookie ace Masahiro Tanaka because of the extra day of rest but , in a feisty pregame Q & A with media , Girardi insisted he was interested in protecting his entire staff , not just the Japanese sensation . Nuno rewarded Girardi with 5 2/3 impressive innings after he gave up a total of 13 runs in 9 1/3 innings in losses to the A 's and Orioles . He yielded a leadoff single to Jonny Gomes in the second and a one - out double in the third	False
Dellin Betances , Adam Warren and Matt Thornton finished the three - hitter . Holt possibly saved a run in the second	True
Workman was otherwise solid , allowing seven hits and two walks in seven innings . He struck out five . McCann golfed a drive into the second deck in right off Craig Breslow in the eighth	True
The right-hander allowed two runs -- one earned -- and six hits in seven innings . He walked none and retired his final seven batters for Atlanta , which had lost six of 10 beginning with Philadelphia 's three - game sweep at Turner Field last week . Craig Kimbrel pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Kendrick ( 3 - 8 ) tossed a season-best eight innings , giving up four runs and nine hits with eight strikeouts and two walks . But the early damage was too much to overcome for Philadelphia 's sagging offense , which entered ranked 11th	False
Philadelphia manager Ryne Sandberg said winning without consistent offense is tough . The Phillies scored twice in the fourth	True
The Phillies scored twice in the fourth on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI groundout and Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . They threatened in the eighth	True
The Phillies scored twice in the fourth on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI groundout and Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . They threatened in the eighth against reliever Jordan Walden , placing runners on first	False
The Phillies scored twice in the fourth on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI groundout and Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . They threatened in the eighth against reliever Jordan Walden , placing runners on first and second	False
They threatened in the eighth against reliever Jordan Walden , placing runners on first and second with two outs , but Walden fanned Ryan Howard on a 97 mph fastball to end the inning . Philadelphia put a runner in scoring position in the ninth	False
Philadelphia put a runner in scoring position in the ninth . Byrd drew a leadoff walk , but Kimbrel struck out Cody Asche before John Mayberry Jr. flied out to the wall in left-center . Domonic Brown , out of the starting lineup for the second straight day and third time in five games , struck out as a pinch-hitter to end the game . Gerald Laird replaced Evan Gattis behind the plate for the Braves after the top of the first	True
Philadelphia put a runner in scoring position in the ninth . Byrd drew a leadoff walk , but Kimbrel struck out Cody Asche before John Mayberry Jr. flied out to the wall in left-center . Domonic Brown , out of the starting lineup for the second straight day and third time in five games , struck out as a pinch-hitter to end the game . Gerald Laird replaced Evan Gattis behind the plate for the Braves after the top of the first . Gattis struck out swinging in the first	True
Neither starter was involved in the decision . The Cubs ' Travis Wood gave up three runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings and was hurt most by five walks . Washington 's Doug Fister also allowed three runs on seven hits . Cubs reliever Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win and Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Cubs reliever Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win and Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . The Cubs opened the scoring with three runs in the fourth	True
Cubs reliever Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win and Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . The Cubs opened the scoring with three runs in the fourth by bunching hits . Ruggiano 's lead-off grounder surprisingly was scored a hit when third baseman Anthony Rendon threw well wide of first	False
Rizzo followed with a double . Castro , who took over the team lead in RBIs on Wednesday , added to his total with a two - run single . One out later , Welington Castillo singled to drive in Castro . Washington finally pushed across a run in the sixth	True
Washington finally pushed across a run in the sixth . Span led off with a double and Rendon immediately drove him in with a single . The Nats rallied in the seventh	False
Jose Reyes had four hits and scored twice as the AL East-leading Blue Jays reached the midpoint of the season at 45 - 36 and handed the struggling White Sox their seventh loss in eight games . Chicago lost for the 10th time in 11 road games . Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth	True
Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth , then endure a rain delay in extra innings . They did n't arrive at their Toronto hotel until almost sunrise . Lind hit an RBI double in the first	True
Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth , then endure a rain delay in extra innings . They did n't arrive at their Toronto hotel until almost sunrise . Lind hit an RBI double in the first , singled in the third	True
Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth , then endure a rain delay in extra innings . They did n't arrive at their Toronto hotel until almost sunrise . Lind hit an RBI double in the first , singled in the third and hit a two - run single in the fourth	False
Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth , then endure a rain delay in extra innings . They did n't arrive at their Toronto hotel until almost sunrise . Lind hit an RBI double in the first , singled in the third and hit a two - run single in the fourth . He struck out in the seventh	True
Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth , then endure a rain delay in extra innings . They did n't arrive at their Toronto hotel until almost sunrise . Lind hit an RBI double in the first , singled in the third and hit a two - run single in the fourth . He struck out in the seventh and , batting with runners at second	False
Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth , then endure a rain delay in extra innings . They did n't arrive at their Toronto hotel until almost sunrise . Lind hit an RBI double in the first , singled in the third and hit a two - run single in the fourth . He struck out in the seventh and , batting with runners at second and third	False
Chicago was coming off a deflating , 12-inning loss at Baltimore on Wednesday that saw them blow a four - run lead in the eighth , then endure a rain delay in extra innings . They did n't arrive at their Toronto hotel until almost sunrise . Lind hit an RBI double in the first , singled in the third and hit a two - run single in the fourth . He struck out in the seventh and , batting with runners at second and third in the eighth	True
Happ 's high strikeout total was a good sign to Blue Jays manager John Gibbons . Dustin McGowan got the final out of the eighth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia , Giancarlo Stanton and Marcell Ozuna homered for Miami . The Marlins managed just two hits from the ninth inning on , however . After the Phillies squandered chances to score in the 10th	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia , Giancarlo Stanton and Marcell Ozuna homered for Miami . The Marlins managed just two hits from the ninth inning on , however . After the Phillies squandered chances to score in the 10th , 11th	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia , Giancarlo Stanton and Marcell Ozuna homered for Miami . The Marlins managed just two hits from the ninth inning on , however . After the Phillies squandered chances to score in the 10th , 11th and 12th innings , Jimmy Rollins led off the 14th	True
Overall , Hamels is 2 - 4 . Saltalamacchia 's homer to left field leading off the third staked Miami to a 1 - 0 lead . Stanton went deep to start the fourth	True
Overall , Hamels is 2 - 4 . Saltalamacchia 's homer to left field leading off the third staked Miami to a 1 - 0 lead . Stanton went deep to start the fourth before Philadelphia got a run back in the bottom of the inning on Carlos Ruiz 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies tied it in the fifth	False
Saltalamacchia 's homer to left field leading off the third staked Miami to a 1 - 0 lead . Stanton went deep to start the fourth before Philadelphia got a run back in the bottom of the inning on Carlos Ruiz 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies tied it in the fifth on Utley 's RBI single . But the leadoff homer hurt Hamels again in the seventh	True
But the leadoff homer hurt Hamels again in the seventh when Ozuna started the inning by clearing the fence in left to make it 3 - 2 . The Phillies got a gift run in the seventh	False
But the leadoff homer hurt Hamels again in the seventh when Ozuna started the inning by clearing the fence in left to make it 3 - 2 . The Phillies got a gift run in the seventh off reliever Bryan Morris when first baseman Jeff Baker booted Rollins ' grounder that should have ended the inning . Baker 's error allowed Domonic Brown to score from third	False
The Phillies got a gift run in the seventh off reliever Bryan Morris when first baseman Jeff Baker booted Rollins ' grounder that should have ended the inning . Baker 's error allowed Domonic Brown to score from third . Brown singled while pinch hitting for Hamels to start the inning . He was n't in the starting lineup for a defensive gaffe , his second	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- C. J. Wilson is n't too particular about the way he gets his victories . He will take them any way he can get them -- no matter how ugly they are . Wilson surrendered five runs in the second inning after his teammates had scored five in the first	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- C. J. Wilson is n't too particular about the way he gets his victories . He will take them any way he can get them -- no matter how ugly they are . Wilson surrendered five runs in the second inning after his teammates had scored five in the first , but Mike Trout regained the lead for the Los Angeles Angels in the bottom of the second	True
Wilson surrendered five runs in the second inning after his teammates had scored five in the first , but Mike Trout regained the lead for the Los Angeles Angels in the bottom of the second with a two - run homer , and manager Mike Scioscia 's much maligned bullpen hung on for an 8 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Wilson ( 8 - 6 ) barely navigated through five innings and left with the lead after allowing six runs and nine hits , including back-to-back home runs for the second time in his last three starts . The left-hander , who came in 5 - 0 with a 1.58 ERA in his previous six outings at Angel Stadium , blew a 5 - 0 lead in the second	True
`` After the two home runs , it was like paper cuts to death . Obviously , Willingham and Morales hit the ball really hard , but a lot of the other hits were in-between guys or under the coverage , '' Wilson added . Trout 's homer was Los Angeles ' last hit until David Freese 's one - out single in the sixth	True
`` After the two home runs , it was like paper cuts to death . Obviously , Willingham and Morales hit the ball really hard , but a lot of the other hits were in-between guys or under the coverage , '' Wilson added . Trout 's homer was Los Angeles ' last hit until David Freese 's one - out single in the sixth . The Twins got a run closer in the fifth	True
Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 6 ) threw 50 pitches over two innings in his 25th career start , equaling his shortest outing in the big leagues . The 26-year-old right-hander gave up seven runs , four hits and two walks , after coming in with a streak of 22 consecutive scoreless innings . The right-hander found himself in a bases-loaded , no-out jam after 16 pitches and failed to retire any of his first six batters -- although Albert Pujols reached on a fielder 's choice when shortstop Danny Santana fielded his grounder deep in the hole and Trout beat the rookie 's throw to second	False
The last-place Diamondbacks extended San Francisco 's misery behind a gritty effort by Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) and by knocking around Lincecum ( 5 - 5 ) . Hill had run-scoring hits in the fourth	True
Collmenter fought through five innings to win for the first time in four starts . Arizona 's bullpen picked it up from there . Three pitchers worked scoreless innings , and Addison Reed had a perfect ninth	True
Collmenter had lost two straight starts , allowing six runs in six innings against the Los Angeles Dodgers his last time out . The right-hander labored through his night , needing 31 pitches to get through the first	True
Like Collmenter , he struggled . Unlike Collmenter , he did n't always get out of it . Arizona scored two runs off the right-hander in the fourth inning , on Hill 's single and a double by Martin Prado . Arizona added a run in the fifth	True
Howard also has been hot on the road . In his last 15 games away from Philadelphia , he is hitting .350 with three homers and 14 RBIs . Buchanan ( 3 - 3 ) made his deepest start yet , pitching 7 2/3 innings . He threw 105 pitches and kept the Cardinals off balance and off the scoreboard until the eighth	True
Not wearing out the bullpen is important to Buchanan . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Shelby Miller ( 7 - 6 ) gave up seven hits and three walks in 6 2/3 innings . Miller has thrown six innings or more in his last four starts . Philadelphia touched Miller for two runs in the fourth	True
Philadelphia touched Miller for two runs in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz doubled and Chase Utley singled to lead off the inning . Howard singled home Ruiz and Utley scored on Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly . Howard 's homer in the sixth -- his 10th career homer at Busch Stadium -- came after Utley led off with a single . Howard went to the opposite field and his ball just flew inside the left field foul pole . It was his 14th	False
Miller was surprised to see it slip over the fence . The Cardinals had runners at first	False
Miller was surprised to see it slip over the fence . The Cardinals had runners at first and third	False
Miller was surprised to see it slip over the fence . The Cardinals had runners at first and third with one out in the second inning but Buchanan pitched out the jam and then again in the sixth	True
The Cardinals had runners at first and third with one out in the second inning but Buchanan pitched out the jam and then again in the sixth when Miller doubled to lead off . Four of Miller 's five hits this season have been doubles . `` For him to go four times through the lineup , that says something about the stuff that he had . Him having to make adjustments the third	True
`` For him to go four times through the lineup , that says something about the stuff that he had . Him having to make adjustments the third and fourth time through , that was very good . '' St. Louis chased Buchanan in the eighth	True
The rookie 's performance impressed St. Louis manager Mike Matheny . Third baseman Reid Brignac was hurt on a play at first	False
The rookie 's performance impressed St. Louis manager Mike Matheny . Third baseman Reid Brignac was hurt on a play at first in the fifth	True
Since re-signing with the team on April 29 , he 's gradually built confidence while making the most of limited chances he 's had to contribute . The first	False
`` On the other hand of that is we 're pitching poorly and the offense is putting up a lot of runs , '' the right-hander added . `` We 've just got to get on the same page and ... and play the type of baseball we should be . '' Gausman ( 3 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out five , including Zobrist and James Loney after the Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the first	True
Pearce is hitting .444 with three homers , three doubles , five walks , five runs scored and six RBIs against Tampa Bay this year . Most of the damage has come at Tropicana Field , where the Orioles have won five of six meetings between the AL East rivals to build a 7 - 1 lead in the season series . Cruz , who also leads the majors with 58 RBIs , homered for the first time since June 3 . The solo shot off Kirby Yates made it 2 - 0 in the eighth	True
Cruz , who also leads the majors with 58 RBIs , homered for the first time since June 3 . The solo shot off Kirby Yates made it 2 - 0 in the eighth . Tommy Hunter pitched two perfect innings and Zach Britton worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Tommy Hunter pitched two perfect innings and Zach Britton worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his ninth save in 10 opportunities . The Rays loaded the bases in the first	True
The Rays loaded the bases in the first on a leadoff walk , Kevin Kiermaier 's single and shortstop J. J. Hardy 's fielding error . Gausman worked out of the jam , striking out Loney and Zobrist before getting David DeJesus to foul out along the left field line to end the threat . The Rays wasted another opportunity in the sixth	True
The Rays loaded the bases in the first on a leadoff walk , Kevin Kiermaier 's single and shortstop J. J. Hardy 's fielding error . Gausman worked out of the jam , striking out Loney and Zobrist before getting David DeJesus to foul out along the left field line to end the threat . The Rays wasted another opportunity in the sixth when Evan Longoria had a leadoff double , Loney struck out and Zobrist hit a soft liner to left field that Pearce caught on the run before tossing the ball to second	False
His previous outing in Chicago did n't go well at all . Duffy injured his elbow in the first inning on May 13 , 2012 . Soon after he had Tommy John surgery and missed about a year . The victory was the sixth straight for the Royals while the White Sox dropped their ninth	False
Duffy departed in the eighth inning after a leadoff single by Adam Eaton . White Sox designated hitter Paul Konerko spoiled the shutout with a homer off Michael Mariot to open the ninth	True
White Sox designated hitter Paul Konerko spoiled the shutout with a homer off Michael Mariot to open the ninth . Two runs scored in the five - run fourth	True
The Royals ' fourth run came on Nori Aoki 's double-play grounder . Omar Infante lined a two - out single to left , driving in Moustakas for a 5 - 0 lead . Noesi was chased in favor of right-hander reliever Javy Guerra with two outs in the fourth	True
Noesi was chased in favor of right-hander reliever Javy Guerra with two outs in the fourth . Moustakas ' homer in the eighth inning was his sixth	False
Moustakas ' homer in the eighth inning was his sixth of the season . He finished with two RBIs and two runs scored . Eric Hosmer had an RBI double to left to start a three - run ninth	True
Kyle Kendrick ( 2 - 6 ) allowed one earned and seven hits , striking out five in six innings . He earned his second win in 20 starts , dating to last year . The Phillies have their first three game-winning streak since May 17 - 20 and recorded just their second series sweep this season . Ken Giles made his major league debut for the Phillies with two outs in the ninth	True
Mayberry is batting .324 ( 12 for 37 ) with five doubles , three homers and 12 RBIs against lefties . Howard is hitting just .206 ( 12 for 63 ) with one double , four homers , 15 RBIs and 30 strikeouts vs. lefties . Manager Ryne Sandberg may have to consider a platoon at first	False
Manager Ryne Sandberg may have to consider a platoon at first , even though Howard is making $ 25 million per season through 2016 with a $ 23 million team option for 2017 . Mayberry led off Philadelphia 's sixth	True
Thayer then struck out pinch-hitter Howard . But Brignac followed with a shot to the wall to give the Phillies a two - run lead . Mayberry made it 7 - 2 with his fifth homer of the season in the seventh	True
Mayberry made it 7 - 2 with his fifth homer of the season in the seventh . Padres manager Bud Black won a replay challenge in the third inning when a video review showed Ben Revere was out at first base following a drag bunt . Jimmy Rollins hit an RBI single in Philadelphia 's first	True
Padres manager Bud Black won a replay challenge in the third inning when a video review showed Ben Revere was out at first base following a drag bunt . Jimmy Rollins hit an RBI single in Philadelphia 's first to move within two hits of breaking Mike Schmidt 's franchise record of 2,234 . The Padres jumped on Kendrick for two runs in the first	True
The Padres jumped on Kendrick for two runs in the first . Will Venable led off with a single and Everth Cabrera followed with a single , snapping an 0 - for - 23 slump . After Seth Smith 's groundout , Headley hit an RBI double . Smith scored when right fielder Marlon Byrd bobbled the ball for an error and Headley went to third	False
So are the Pirates , who have taken two of the first three games of the series with their NL Central rivals . Pittsburgh 's Brandon Cumpton ( 2 - 2 ) pitched five effective innings , and the offense pounded Cubs starter Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) for 11 hits in five innings , snapping his streaks of 14 1/3 innings without allowing a run and 52 innings without allowing a homer when McCutchen hit his 10th	False
So are the Pirates , who have taken two of the first three games of the series with their NL Central rivals . Pittsburgh 's Brandon Cumpton ( 2 - 2 ) pitched five effective innings , and the offense pounded Cubs starter Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) for 11 hits in five innings , snapping his streaks of 14 1/3 innings without allowing a run and 52 innings without allowing a homer when McCutchen hit his 10th in the first	True
Hammel had won two previous starts against the Pirates this season and entered Wednesday with the second-best WHIP in the majors ( 0.88 ) . He allowed 14 baserunners Wednesday . Hammel was spared a worse line by some poor baserunning by Pittsburgh , which hit into two peculiar double plays and had another runner thrown out at third	False
Hammel was spared a worse line by some poor baserunning by Pittsburgh , which hit into two peculiar double plays and had another runner thrown out at third during the seventh inning after Hammel was out of the game . The Pirates ' Starling Marte had two hits -- including an RBI single in the fifth inning -- but also was thrown out on the basepaths for the third time in two games when he was picked off third following a Travis Snider pop-up behind home plate in the fifth	True
The Pirates ' Starling Marte had two hits -- including an RBI single in the fifth inning -- but also was thrown out on the basepaths for the third time in two games when he was picked off third following a Travis Snider pop-up behind home plate in the fifth . The Cubs briefly tied the game at 2 in the second	True
Danks ( 5 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings . He has permitted just five runs in 29 1/3 innings over his past four starts since allowing eight runs ( seven earned ) in 4 2/3 innings at Houston last month . Verlander ( 6 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings as the Tigers lost their third	False
Abreu connected on Verlander 's first pitch of the second inning for a solo homer over the left-center field wall . Detroit tied it in the fourth	True
Detroit tied it in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera doubled and scored on a groundout by Torii Hunter . Singles by Abreu , Adam Dunn and Alexei Ramirez loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth	True
Wacha had given up three runs or less in 13 straight starts to begin the season , which was the longest season-opening stretch by a Cardinals pitcher since a 14-game run by Lee Meadows in 1917 . Bourjos was robbed of an extra-base hit with the bases loaded and two outs in the fifth	True
Bourjos called it unbelievable . Tampa Bay extended its lead to 6 - 3 in the seventh	True
Tampa Bay extended its lead to 6 - 3 in the seventh on Evan Longoria 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by James Loney . Molina hit a two - run third-inning single before Matt Carpenter put the Cardinals ahead 3 - 0 on a run-scoring single in the fourth	True
Rizzo homered , doubled twice and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs over the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 3 Tuesday night , spoiling Polanco 's much-anticipated debut . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the first inning off lefty Francisco Liriano , who came out in the fourth	True
Rizzo homered , doubled twice and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs over the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 3 Tuesday night , spoiling Polanco 's much-anticipated debut . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the first inning off lefty Francisco Liriano , who came out in the fourth with discomfort on his right side . Rizzo also doubled and scored in the fourth	True
Rizzo homered , doubled twice and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs over the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 3 Tuesday night , spoiling Polanco 's much-anticipated debut . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the first inning off lefty Francisco Liriano , who came out in the fourth with discomfort on his right side . Rizzo also doubled and scored in the fourth and hit an RBI double in the seventh	True
Polanco went 1 for 5 after getting called up from Triple-A Indianapolis , where the right fielder was leading the International League with a .347 batting average and 49 RBIs in 62 games . Pinch-hitter Luis Valbuena 's two - run double off Casey Sadler ( 0 - 1 ) broke a 3-all tie in the sixth	True
Travis Wood ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , his ninth	False
Travis Wood ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , his ninth of the season and fifth	False
Valbuena and Junior Lake each had two hits for the Cubs , as did Pittsburgh 's Russell Martin and Starling Marte . Rizzo scored on a single by Starlin Castro in the seventh	True
Rizzo scored on a single by Starlin Castro in the seventh to push Chicago 's lead to 7 - 3 . Rizzo 's homer put the Cubs up 2 - 0 , but the Pirates tied it on McCutchen 's drive in the third	True
Rizzo 's homer put the Cubs up 2 - 0 , but the Pirates tied it on McCutchen 's drive in the third . In the top of the fourth	True
Cowgill hit a two - out homer , and the Angels outlasted the Oakland Athletics 2 - 1 on Tuesday night for their fifth consecutive victory . The Angels bounced back after Cespedes kept it tied in the eighth	True
After five ensuing scoreless innings , Cowgill abruptly connected against Jeff Francis ( 0 - 1 ) , driving a two - strike pitch just over Cespedes ' head into the bullpens beyond left field . Josh Hamilton drove in Mike Trout in the sixth	True
Josh Hamilton drove in Mike Trout in the sixth for the Angels , who trimmed Oakland 's lead in the AL West to 2 1/2 games . The Angels could have ended it earlier , but Albert Pujols and Kendrick both were thrown out at the plate -- although it was tough to blame Kendrick after Cespedes made his mind-boggling throw in the eighth	True
The Angels could have ended it earlier , but Albert Pujols and Kendrick both were thrown out at the plate -- although it was tough to blame Kendrick after Cespedes made his mind-boggling throw in the eighth . The Cuban left fielder bobbled Trout 's double and chased it down before his soaring throw went straight to catcher Derek Norris to nip Kendrick , who had already rounded third	False
Cory Rasmus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two hitless innings for Los Angeles ' maligned bullpen , which yielded one run in eight excellent innings even without closer Ernesto Frieri , who had pitched in four straight games . Nick Punto doubled and scored on Lowrie 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Nick Punto doubled and scored on Lowrie 's sacrifice fly in the eighth for the AL-leading A 's , who have lost four of six . Pitching and defense dominated the latest meeting of California 's division rivals . Neither starting pitcher allowed a runner into scoring position until the sixth	True
The Angels got a terrific fill-in start from Santiago , recalled from Triple-A Salt Lake after Tyler Skaggs went on the disabled list . Santiago lost his spot in Los Angeles ' rotation May 7 after going 0 - 6 , but the Angels ' offseason acquisition from the White Sox limited powerful Oakland to three singles and one walk . Santiago faced no real trouble until the sixth	True
Santiago faced no real trouble until the sixth , when he struck out Josh Donaldson to strand two runners . Pomeranz yielded just two singles before Trout drew a leadoff walk in the sixth	True
Oakland tied it against reliever Mike Morin after Punto hit a leadoff double . After Cespedes kept it tied , the A 's put two more runners on in the ninth	True
Reds first baseman Joey Votto , activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after missing 23 games with a strained quadriceps in his left knee , went 1 for 3 with a single , two strikeouts and a walk . After the start was delayed by rain for 2 hours , 5 minutes , the Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
After the start was delayed by rain for 2 hours , 5 minutes , the Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Gonzalez 's leadoff double and Ethier 's one - out double . Beckett helped himself in a three - run fifth	True
Cincinnati manager Bryan Price was impressed with the Dodgers ' approach . Los Angeles added a run in the sixth	True
Cincinnati manager Bryan Price was impressed with the Dodgers ' approach . Los Angeles added a run in the sixth on Matt Kemp 's one - out walk and back-to-back singles by Ethier and Turner , who has four consecutive multihit games . Puig singled , stole second	False
Cincinnati manager Bryan Price was impressed with the Dodgers ' approach . Los Angeles added a run in the sixth on Matt Kemp 's one - out walk and back-to-back singles by Ethier and Turner , who has four consecutive multihit games . Puig singled , stole second and scored on Gonzalez 's second double in the seventh	True
Ethier is hitting .467 ( 7 for 15 ) with six RBIs against Leake . The Reds avoided being shut out on Jay Bruce 's leadoff double , Devin Mesoraco 's infield single and Zack Cozart 's one - out RBI single in the seventh	True
TORONTO -- A pregame pep talk from Jose Bautista helped Kevin Pillar deliver the decisive hit for the Toronto Blue Jays . Edwin Encarnacion hit a three - run homer in the first inning , Pillar singled home the winning run in the ninth	True
Pillar , who was n't in the starting lineup , was taking swings in the indoor cage shortly before the game when Bautista offered some encouragement . Pillar put those words to use when he came up with runners on first	False
Pillar , who was n't in the starting lineup , was taking swings in the indoor cage shortly before the game when Bautista offered some encouragement . Pillar put those words to use when he came up with runners on first and second	False
Pillar , who was n't in the starting lineup , was taking swings in the indoor cage shortly before the game when Bautista offered some encouragement . Pillar put those words to use when he came up with runners on first and second against Casey Fien in the ninth	True
The first two batters of the game homered for the Twins off R. A. Dickey , but Encarnacion 's 20th of the season soon put Toronto ahead . Jose Reyes added a solo shot for the Blue Jays , who squandered a two - run lead in the top of the ninth	False
Jose Reyes added a solo shot for the Blue Jays , who squandered a two - run lead in the top of the ninth and then recovered to avoid their first three - game skid since May 9 - 11 . Toronto was blanked in back-to-back games Saturday and Sunday by the St. Louis Cardinals . Dioner Navarro drew a leadoff walk from Matt Guerrier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Casey Janssen ( 1 - 0 ) got the win after blowing his second save . Newly signed slugger Kendrys Morales made his Twins debut , batting sixth	False
Newly signed slugger Kendrys Morales made his Twins debut , batting sixth and starting as the designated hitter . He went 1 for 3 with a single and a walk . Encarnacion erased a 2 - 0 deficit with a two - out shot off Ricky Nolasco in the first	True
The drive snapped a streak of 18 scoreless innings for the Blue Jays . Reyes hit a leadoff shot in the fifth	True
Reyes hit a leadoff shot in the fifth and the Blue Jays boosted their major league-leading home run total to 91 . Minnesota jumped out to an early lead against Dickey when Danny Santana and Brian Dozier hit back-to-back homers in the first	True
Reyes hit a leadoff shot in the fifth and the Blue Jays boosted their major league-leading home run total to 91 . Minnesota jumped out to an early lead against Dickey when Danny Santana and Brian Dozier hit back-to-back homers in the first . It was the fourth leadoff homer of the season for the Twins and Santana 's first	False
Minnesota jumped out to an early lead against Dickey when Danny Santana and Brian Dozier hit back-to-back homers in the first . It was the fourth leadoff homer of the season for the Twins and Santana 's first . Minnesota tied it against Janssen in the ninth	True
Minnesota jumped out to an early lead against Dickey when Danny Santana and Brian Dozier hit back-to-back homers in the first . It was the fourth leadoff homer of the season for the Twins and Santana 's first . Minnesota tied it against Janssen in the ninth after second baseman Steve Tolleson could n't complete a double play on Trevor Plouffe 's one - out grounder to third	False
Minnesota jumped out to an early lead against Dickey when Danny Santana and Brian Dozier hit back-to-back homers in the first . It was the fourth leadoff homer of the season for the Twins and Santana 's first . Minnesota tied it against Janssen in the ninth after second baseman Steve Tolleson could n't complete a double play on Trevor Plouffe 's one - out grounder to third . Pinch-runner Eduardo Nunez went to second	False
Nolasco gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Morales was called out on strikes in the first	True
Nolasco gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Morales was called out on strikes in the first , grounded out in the fourth	True
Nolasco gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Morales was called out on strikes in the first , grounded out in the fourth , walked in the sixth	True
Nolasco gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked two and struck out six . Morales was called out on strikes in the first , grounded out in the fourth , walked in the sixth and singled in the ninth	False
Brad Ziegler , closing instead of home run-plagued Addison Reed , gave up a leadoff homer to Pena but retired the next three for his first save of the season . Harang ( 4 - 5 ) was working on a two - hitter before Aaron Hill led off the seventh	True
Owings was hitless in nine at-bats in the series before his base hit . Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez let Harang bat in the sixth	True
Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez let Harang bat in the sixth . The Braves responded with two in the eighth	False
The Braves responded with two in the eighth , but lost out on an opportunity for more . Freeman connected against Joe Thatcher , and Tommy La Stella had an RBI single . Andrelton Simmons walked to load the bases before Evan Marshall struck out Gerald Laird to end the inning . Atlanta jumped in front on Upton 's two - run drive in the sixth	True
Atlanta jumped in front on Upton 's two - run drive in the sixth , and that looked as if it might be enough for Harang for a while . Peralta 's leadoff single in the fifth	True
Peralta 's leadoff single in the fifth was Arizona 's first hit of the game . The Diamondbacks went on to load the bases on Anderson 's bunt for his first major league hit , but failed to score . Anderson got some help from his defense in the fifth	True
Peralta 's leadoff single in the fifth was Arizona 's first hit of the game . The Diamondbacks went on to load the bases on Anderson 's bunt for his first major league hit , but failed to score . Anderson got some help from his defense in the fifth . Third baseman Martin Prado made a diving stop of Laird 's grounder , and then falling backward threw from his right knee to first	False
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Felix Hernandez did n't get the win . His dominant performance put the Seattle Mariners in position for victory , though . Hernandez struck out a career-high 15 in seven innings before Endy Chavez keyed a five - run ninth	True
James Jones had a two - run triple for the Mariners , who have won seven of eight . Hernandez had won his previous five starts , which was two away from tying the team record held by Jamie Moyer ( 2003 ) and Scott Bankhead ( 1989 ) , but the Mariners were held scoreless until the ninth	True
After Brad Miller hit a two - out triple and Willie Bloomquist walked against Grant Balfour ( 0 - 2 ) , the left-handed hitting Chavez slapped a two - strike single to left for a 1 - 0 lead . Jones had his triple before Kyle Seager added a two - run double . Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) threw a scoreless eighth	True
Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) threw a scoreless eighth for the win . Hernandez reached 1,800 career strikeouts when he struck out Evan Longoria to end the third	True
Tampa Bay has lost 12 of 13 . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but failed to score . Archer got a forceout at the plate after making a stumbling grab on Jones ' comebacker before left fielder Matt Joyce made a one - handed at the wall on Robinson Cano 's opposite-field drive . Cano extended his road hitting streak to 17 games with a one - out infield single in the eighth	True
Arizona 's Brandon McCarthy ( 1 - 8 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out nine and walking one . McCarthy singled in the tying run in the fifth	True
McCarthy singled in the tying run in the fifth , his first career RBI . Kimbrel entered the game with two outs and a runner at first	False
Kimbrel entered the game with two outs and a runner at first in the eighth inning and got his former Atlanta teammate Martin Prado looking to end the inning . With a three - run lead in the ninth	True
It was just his third career four - out save . The Braves broke a 2-all tie in the seventh	True
It was just his third career four - out save . The Braves broke a 2-all tie in the seventh when , with one out , Heyward drew the only walk McCarthy allowed . Simmons lashed a double to the corner in left , scoring Heyward from first	False
The Atlanta leadoff hitter used his long arms to connect with a ball that was high and outside and drove it to the opposite field . The Braves added another run in the ninth	True
The Braves added another run in the ninth on Heyward 's RBI single . Right fielder Gerardo Parra robbed Simmons of an extra-base hit and probably saved a run with a diving grab in the ninth	True
Right fielder Gerardo Parra robbed Simmons of an extra-base hit and probably saved a run with a diving grab in the ninth . Atlanta took the lead in the fifth	True
Gregorius , called up from Triple-A Reno on Tuesday , opened the game with a shot just over the fence in right . Teheran did n't allow another hit until Peralta , another recent arrival from the minors , led off the fifth	True
Gregorius , called up from Triple-A Reno on Tuesday , opened the game with a shot just over the fence in right . Teheran did n't allow another hit until Peralta , another recent arrival from the minors , led off the fifth with a ground-rule double . Teheran retired the next two batters , but McCarthy -- 2 - for - 23 on the season to that point -- slapped a single between shortstop and third	False
Teheran did n't allow another hit until Peralta , another recent arrival from the minors , led off the fifth with a ground-rule double . Teheran retired the next two batters , but McCarthy -- 2 - for - 23 on the season to that point -- slapped a single between shortstop and third to bring Peralta home and tie it 2-all . Ex-Diamondback Justin Upton , greeted with a mix of boos and cheers , struck out three times against McCarthy , then flied out to the fence in right and drove in a run with a bloop single in the ninth	True
Melky Cabrera also homered for the Blue Jays . Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Toronto scored three runs each in the fourth	True
Melky Cabrera also homered for the Blue Jays . Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Toronto scored three runs each in the fourth and sixth	True
Verlander ( 6 - 5 ) allowed six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out four . Toronto scored three runs each in the fourth and sixth . With the score tied at 3 , Adam Lind drew a leadoff walk in the sixth	True
The Tigers are still in first place , but they should no longer feel too comfortable after dropping 13 of their last 17 . The last time Detroit endured a 4 - 13 stretch spanned the end of the 2010 season and the beginning of 2011 , according to STATS . In 2011 , of course , the Tigers began a streak of three straight division titles they 're now hoping to extend . Detroit scored twice in the third	True
The Tigers are still in first place , but they should no longer feel too comfortable after dropping 13 of their last 17 . The last time Detroit endured a 4 - 13 stretch spanned the end of the 2010 season and the beginning of 2011 , according to STATS . In 2011 , of course , the Tigers began a streak of three straight division titles they 're now hoping to extend . Detroit scored twice in the third and once in the fifth	True
Detroit scored twice in the third and once in the fifth , but the Blue Jays had an answer each time . Ian Kinsler opened the scoring for Detroit with an RBI triple and scored on Torii Hunter 's sacrifice fly . But Jose Bautista led off the fourth	True
Detroit scored twice in the third and once in the fifth , but the Blue Jays had an answer each time . Ian Kinsler opened the scoring for Detroit with an RBI triple and scored on Torii Hunter 's sacrifice fly . But Jose Bautista led off the fourth with a flyball that Hunter and center fielder Austin Jackson each seemed to expect the other to catch . Hunter ended up trying to make the play at the last second	False
The Blue Jays eventually loaded the bases with one out , and Dioner Navarro hit an RBI single . Erik Kratz followed with a two - run single to put Toronto ahead . Kinsler tied it in the fifth	True
Kinsler tied it in the fifth with an RBI groundout , but Toronto took the lead back for good the following inning . Cabrera capped the scoring with a solo shot in the ninth	True
The Brewers said the fan was conscious and alert , and was being taken to Froedtert Hospital . Both teams hoped for the best following a game highlighted by Josh Willingham 's three - run homer in the third	True
Both teams hoped for the best following a game highlighted by Josh Willingham 's three - run homer in the third off Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 4 ) for a 4 - 1 lead . Twins closer Glen Perkins gave Milwaukee a chance by walking the first two batters in the ninth	True
Perkins held on after Samuel Deduno ( 2 - 3 ) tossed five bumpy innings , allowing two runs and six hits with four walks . The right-hander benefited from three double plays , two of which ended innings with runners in scoring position . Brian Dozier hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Buck had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning that gave Seattle the lead , and the Mariners rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . The homer was Buck 's fourth	False
The homer was Buck 's fourth against the Braves since the start of the 2013 season -- including the only three he has hit at Turner Field . No other player has more homers against Atlanta in that span . The Braves led 4 - 0 in the first inning and 5 - 2 in the second	True
Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) had four strikeouts in two perfect innings . Buck 's homer , his first	False
The drier air helped the teams combine for four homers in the interleague matchup . Seattle pinch-hitter Stefen Romero hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Seattle pinch-hitter Stefen Romero hit a three - run homer in the fourth that tied the game 5-all . Evan Gattis and B. J. Upton hit homers for the Braves . Fernando Rodney had two strikeouts in a perfect ninth	True
Right-hander Erasmo Ramirez , recalled from Triple-A Tacoma before the game for his seventh start with Seattle , gave up five runs on eight hits , including two homers , in only three innings . The Braves led 4 - 0 before Ramirez recorded his second	False
Right-hander Erasmo Ramirez , recalled from Triple-A Tacoma before the game for his seventh start with Seattle , gave up five runs on eight hits , including two homers , in only three innings . The Braves led 4 - 0 before Ramirez recorded his second out . Freddie Freeman 's single drove in Jason Heyward , who led off with a double . Gattis followed with a three - run homer , his 12th	False
Upton 's second-inning homer to center field gave Atlanta a 5 - 2 lead . Gavin Floyd , still looking for his first win in his sixth start with Atlanta , could n't hold the lead . A two - base throwing error by third baseman Chris Johnson set up run-scoring singles by Brad Miller and James Jones in the second	True
Upton 's second-inning homer to center field gave Atlanta a 5 - 2 lead . Gavin Floyd , still looking for his first win in his sixth start with Atlanta , could n't hold the lead . A two - base throwing error by third baseman Chris Johnson set up run-scoring singles by Brad Miller and James Jones in the second . Romero 's three - run homer tied the game in the fourth	True
Adrian Gonzalez drove in Kemp with an infield hit , and Quintana gave up a two - run single to Turner and an RBI single to Butera after a walk to Van Slyke . Kershaw needed only 12 pitches to get through the first two innings and retired his first 10 batters before Beckham singled and Abreu followed with his 16th homer . The Cuban slugger was leading the majors in homers and ranked second	False
Kershaw needed only 12 pitches to get through the first two innings and retired his first 10 batters before Beckham singled and Abreu followed with his 16th homer . The Cuban slugger was leading the majors in homers and ranked second in RBIs with 42 before missing 14 games with tendinitis in his left ankle . The White Sox were 8 - 6 in his absence . The only other baserunner the White Sox had against Kershaw through the first six innings was Moises Sierra , who hit a dribbler to the right of the mound and beat the left-hander 's throw to first base with two outs in the fifth	True
Sale sailed through the first four innings , retiring 12 straight batters to start the game . Konerko gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Konerko gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he hit a drive to the back of the left-field bullpen for his third homer of the season . Chase Headley led off the Padres fifth	True
Chase Headley led off the Padres fifth with his fifth homer . Tommy Medica followed with a single , but Sale quickly regrouped . He got Jedd Gyorko to ground into a double play and struck out Yonder Alonso to end the inning . It was a rare mistake . Through eight innings he had thrown just 84 pitches , making the decision to bring him out for the ninth	True
It was a rare mistake . Through eight innings he had thrown just 84 pitches , making the decision to bring him out for the ninth that much easier for manager Robin Ventura . The White Sox regained the lead in the fifth	True
It was a rare mistake . Through eight innings he had thrown just 84 pitches , making the decision to bring him out for the ninth that much easier for manager Robin Ventura . The White Sox regained the lead in the fifth on a solo homer by Tyler Flowers . They added two more in the sixth	True
Edinson Volquez ( 3 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits over five innings , striking out six and walking one . Jason Grilli , the fifth Pirates pitcher , got three outs for his eighth save and third	False
Edinson Volquez ( 3 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits over five innings , striking out six and walking one . Jason Grilli , the fifth Pirates pitcher , got three outs for his eighth save and third of the series after giving up a pair of two - out walks and an RBI single by pinch hitter Scott Van Slyke . It was the Dodgers only hit after Justin Turner 's solo homer with one out in the fourth	True
Greinke ( 8 - 2 ) gave up a season-worst four runs and five hits in seven innings and struck out seven . Alvarez opened the scoring in the first	True
Alvarez opened the scoring in the first with a two - run single after Greinke gave up a two - out double to McCutchen and walks to Ike Davis and Russell Martin . McCutchen , whose 21 homers , 84 RBIs and .317 average last season helped the Pirates end a 20-year playoff drought , made it 3 - 1 in the third	True
Alvarez opened the scoring in the first with a two - run single after Greinke gave up a two - out double to McCutchen and walks to Ike Davis and Russell Martin . McCutchen , whose 21 homers , 84 RBIs and .317 average last season helped the Pirates end a 20-year playoff drought , made it 3 - 1 in the third with his fifth homer and first since April 23 . The RBI was the first	False
McCutchen , whose 21 homers , 84 RBIs and .317 average last season helped the Pirates end a 20-year playoff drought , made it 3 - 1 in the third with his fifth homer and first since April 23 . The RBI was the first for the reigning NL MVP after a drought of nine games and 33 at-bats since his run-scoring single against Washington 's Blake Treinen on May 22 . Harrison , who was 7 - for - 17 in the series , hit his fourth homer in the seventh	True
Bryan Shaw ( 4 - 3 ) walked Kyle Seager to start the inning before Zunino , who also homered in Tuesday 's win , hit a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his 17th home run . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) pitched one - third	True
Bryan Shaw ( 4 - 3 ) walked Kyle Seager to start the inning before Zunino , who also homered in Tuesday 's win , hit a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his 17th home run . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning while Fernando Rodney worked the ninth	True
McClendon was confident there would be no carry over to Thursday 's game . Carlos Santana drove in two runs for Cleveland , including a go-ahead RBI single in the seventh	True
Carlos Santana drove in two runs for Cleveland , including a go-ahead RBI single in the seventh that broke a 4-all tie . Ackley had a two - run homer for the Mariners while Jason Kipnis hit a two - run shot for the Indians . Both home runs came in the third	True
Ackley had a two - run homer for the Mariners while Jason Kipnis hit a two - run shot for the Indians . Both home runs came in the third when the teams exchanged three - run rallies . Ackley 's homer was his first since May 11 , a span of 234 plate appearances and gave Seattle a 3 - 1 lead . Robinson Cano hit his 400th career double in the third	True
Ackley 's homer was his first since May 11 , a span of 234 plate appearances and gave Seattle a 3 - 1 lead . Robinson Cano hit his 400th career double in the third , and it scored a run . Indians starter Zach McAllister , who has n't won since April 21 , did n't get through the fourth	True
Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings in his first start for Colorado . Arrieta retired his first 14 batters before Wilin Rosario single with two out in the fifth	True
Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings in his first start for Colorado . Arrieta retired his first 14 batters before Wilin Rosario single with two out in the fifth . Corey Dickerson singled and scored on Nolan Arenado 's double in the seventh	False
Chicago scored three times in the sixth despite getting one ball out of the infield the entire inning . Starlin Castro had a bases-loaded walk , Justin Ruggiano added a sacrifice fly and Luis Valbuena drove in a run with a grounder to shortstop . Hector Rondon got three outs for his 14th save in 17 opportunities . He retired three straight after Arenado and Justin Morneau singled to start the ninth	True
Josh Reddick homered for the American League West-leading A 's , and Yoenis Cespedes had three hits , including two doubles . Oakland trailed 4 - 1 in the ninth	True
Moss ended his slump with the RBI single off Tony Sipp , and then Josh Donaldson hit a two - run double off Jose Veras . Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) got the win , and Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth	True
Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) got the win , and Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Marwin Gonzalez homered off the left-field foul pole in the first inning to give the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . Enrique Hernandez had an RBI triple as part of a two - run fifth	True
Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) got the win , and Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his 16th save . Marwin Gonzalez homered off the left-field foul pole in the first inning to give the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . Enrique Hernandez had an RBI triple as part of a two - run fifth and an RBI double in the seventh	True
Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a hit and a walk in two innings . Addison Reed got his 25th save in 30 chances . Cincinnati 's Aroldis Chapman fanned the side in the ninth	True
Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a hit and a walk in two innings . Addison Reed got his 25th save in 30 chances . Cincinnati 's Aroldis Chapman fanned the side in the ninth and extended his major league record for a reliever to 44 consecutive games with at least one strikeout . One of his pitches was clocked at 104 mph . Devin Mesoraco led off the second	True
Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a hit and a walk in two innings . Addison Reed got his 25th save in 30 chances . Cincinnati 's Aroldis Chapman fanned the side in the ninth and extended his major league record for a reliever to 44 consecutive games with at least one strikeout . One of his pitches was clocked at 104 mph . Devin Mesoraco led off the second with his 17th homer off rookie Chase Anderson , which ended a streak of three straight games at Great American without a homer -- the longest in the ballpark 's 12 seasons . Montero singled home the tying run in the fourth	True
Cincinnati 's Aroldis Chapman fanned the side in the ninth and extended his major league record for a reliever to 44 consecutive games with at least one strikeout . One of his pitches was clocked at 104 mph . Devin Mesoraco led off the second with his 17th homer off rookie Chase Anderson , which ended a streak of three straight games at Great American without a homer -- the longest in the ballpark 's 12 seasons . Montero singled home the tying run in the fourth off Homer Bailey , who gave up five hits in eight innings . Anderson allowed three hits and matched his career high with eight strikeouts in seven innings . He retired the last 11 batters he faced . Arizona right fielder David Peralta saved a run in the fourth	True
Anderson allowed three hits and matched his career high with eight strikeouts in seven innings . He retired the last 11 batters he faced . Arizona right fielder David Peralta saved a run in the fourth with a diving , backhand catch of Brayan Pena 's fly ball . He doubled up Chris Heisey at first base . Reds manager Bryan Price batted Jay Bruce second	False
`` It is a little surprising . It 's been a good ride so far . Keep it going . '' Rafael Soriano gave up a walk and a double in the ninth	True
Heading into the All-Star break , the Reds won seven of nine at home , cutting their deficit in the NL Central from seven games to 1 1 - 2 . Their worst road trip in five years wiped out most of their gains , but they had hoped to get their offense back in form at hitter-friendly Great American Ball Park . Roark allowed a run in the fourth	True
Heading into the All-Star break , the Reds won seven of nine at home , cutting their deficit in the NL Central from seven games to 1 1 - 2 . Their worst road trip in five years wiped out most of their gains , but they had hoped to get their offense back in form at hitter-friendly Great American Ball Park . Roark allowed a run in the fourth when Billy Hamilton singled , stole second	False
During the seven - game losing streak , Cincinnati has batted .176 as a team while scoring a total of 13 runs . Washington had at least one hit in each of the first six innings , with four players having multi-hit games . The Nationals put five hits together in the fourth	True
During the seven - game losing streak , Cincinnati has batted .176 as a team while scoring a total of 13 runs . Washington had at least one hit in each of the first six innings , with four players having multi-hit games . The Nationals put five hits together in the fourth for three runs , including Zach Walters ' RBI double , Span 's single and Anthony Rendon 's run-scoring single . Adam LaRoche singled home a run in the sixth	True
`` It 's just my job to prove I belong in there . I 've been in the league a long time . If you give up and get put in a situation like that , you do n't compete . I'm not going to give up . '' The Royals won a game of matchup moves . After Salvador Perez singled with one out in the eighth	True
`` It 's just my job to prove I belong in there . I 've been in the league a long time . If you give up and get put in a situation like that , you do n't compete . I'm not going to give up . '' The Royals won a game of matchup moves . After Salvador Perez singled with one out in the eighth off Carlos Carrasco ( 3 - 4 ) , Nick Hagadone entered and got the second	False
Earlier in the game , the 42-year-old Ibanez drove in a run -- becoming the oldest Royals player to hit a triple . Ibanez scored on the play when second baseman Jason Kipnis made a wild relay throw . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Earlier in the game , the 42-year-old Ibanez drove in a run -- becoming the oldest Royals player to hit a triple . Ibanez scored on the play when second baseman Jason Kipnis made a wild relay throw . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Aaron Crow worked around a leadoff double in the ninth	True
Royals closer Greg Holland , who had pitched in the three previous games , was unavailable . Perez , who had three hits , and Mike Moustakas had back-to-back home runs to open the second	True
Royals rookie Yordano Ventura , tagged for six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings in his previous start at Boston , left after 6 1/3 innings . He gave up three earned runs and struck out seven . Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Royals rookie Yordano Ventura , tagged for six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings in his previous start at Boston , left after 6 1/3 innings . He gave up three earned runs and struck out seven . Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Undaunted , the right-hander retired all three sluggers on fly balls . Sanchez followed up with a scoreless eighth	True
Sanchez , whose parents flew in from California to watch his debut , was all smiles . Bautista hit an RBI double in the first inning and added a leadoff homer in the seventh	True
Bautista hit an RBI double in the first inning and added a leadoff homer in the seventh , his first since July 2 . Ortiz hit a three - run homer for the Red Sox , his fourth	False
The three RBIs gave Ortiz 1,501 for his career , making him the 53rd player in major league history with 1,500 or more . Staked to an early lead , Red Sox right-hander Clay Buchholz could n't make it stand up for long . Jose Reyes singled and Melky Cabrera walked to begin the bottom of the first	True
Staked to an early lead , Red Sox right-hander Clay Buchholz could n't make it stand up for long . Jose Reyes singled and Melky Cabrera walked to begin the bottom of the first before Bautista hit an RBI double . Bautista scored on a grounder and Josh Thole hit an RBI double over the head of Daniel Nava in left . Boston reclaimed the lead with consecutive doubles by Nava and Xander Bogaerts in the fifth	True
Staked to an early lead , Red Sox right-hander Clay Buchholz could n't make it stand up for long . Jose Reyes singled and Melky Cabrera walked to begin the bottom of the first before Bautista hit an RBI double . Bautista scored on a grounder and Josh Thole hit an RBI double over the head of Daniel Nava in left . Boston reclaimed the lead with consecutive doubles by Nava and Xander Bogaerts in the fifth , but Toronto answered with two runs off Buchholz in the sixth	True
Boston reclaimed the lead with consecutive doubles by Nava and Xander Bogaerts in the fifth , but Toronto answered with two runs off Buchholz in the sixth . Thole walked and scored on Ryan Goins ' first career triple . Two batters later , Goins scored on a throwing error by third baseman Bogaerts . Bautista made it 6 - 4 with a first-pitch homer off Andrew Miller in the seventh	True
Of course Miguel Cabrera came through . Jackson hit a three - run double fourth inning and Cabrera hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Detroit appeared to be cruising after roughing up Trevor Cahill ( 1 - 7 ) for seven runs in four innings . Arizona clawed its way back against Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 4 ) , though , scoring three runs off him in the fifth	True
With Tigers clinging to a two - run lead with two on and no outs in the seventh inning , Joba Chamberlain replaced Sanchez and needed one pitch to escape a jam he created by Sanchez . That set the stage for Cabrera in the eighth	True
That changed in the fifth inning , when Gerado Parra and Martin Prado hit consecutive doubles then Gregorius splashed a two - run homer into the pool in right-center to cut Detroit 's lead to 7 - 3 . Parra had a run-scoring single in the sixth inning and David Peralta added another in the seventh	True
His second start did n't go so well . Avila hit a two - run single off Cahill in the second inning and the Tigers poured it on in the fourth	True
That all changed Tuesday night against the Cincinnati Reds . Lucroy homered leading off the bottom of the ninth	True
Jonathan Lucroy , baseball 's best catcher , is a key to why the Brewers are staying on top in the NL Central , Jim Caple writes . It was Lucroy 's second homer of the game and 11th	False
Jonathan Lucroy , baseball 's best catcher , is a key to why the Brewers are staying on top in the NL Central , Jim Caple writes . It was Lucroy 's second homer of the game and 11th of the season . It was his second career walkoff homer and both were against the Reds . His first	False
Lucroy 's average had dipped from .341 on June 18 to .308 entering Tuesday night 's game . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched the ninth to earn the victory . Cincinnati , which is 0 - 5 since the All-Star break , brought in LeCure ( 1 - 2 ) to pitch the ninth	True
Cincinnati , which is 0 - 5 since the All-Star break , brought in LeCure ( 1 - 2 ) to pitch the ninth . His outing lasted just three pitches as Lucroy hit a 1 - 1 offering for a line drive homer inside the left field foul pole . His first homer of the game was on a 3 - 2 pitch from starter Homer Bailey in the sixth	True
Braun hit his 13th homer and Ramirez followed with his 12th homer , and first since June 26 . Cincinnati made it 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Braun hit his 13th homer and Ramirez followed with his 12th homer , and first since June 26 . Cincinnati made it 2 - 1 in the fourth on Jay Bruce 's RBI double that scored Billy Hamilton from third	False
Lucroy 's first homer extended Milwaukee 's lead to 3 - 1 . Cincinnati tied it 3 - 3 in the seventh	True
NEW YORK -- When the ball went up , Brian McCann thought it was the second	False
NEW YORK -- When the ball went up , Brian McCann thought it was the second out of the inning . And when it came down , the Yankees had a three - game sweep . Jacoby Ellsbury got four hits and scored the winning run in the ninth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury got four hits and scored the winning run in the ninth on McCann 's pop-fly single that dropped near three Cincinnati Reds in shallow right field , giving New York a 3 - 2 victory Sunday . Ellsbury and Derek Jeter each had an RBI single in the fifth inning for the Yankees . Hiroki Kuroda outpitched Cincinnati ace Johnny Cueto and left with a 2 - 1 lead before Todd Frazier 's tying homer off Dellin Betances in the eighth	True
Ellsbury also stole two bases and made a sliding catch in center field that saved a run . Ellsbury reached safely all five times up , including a leadoff single in the ninth	True
Ellsbury reached safely all five times up , including a leadoff single in the ninth against Aroldis Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) . Before that , left-handed hitters had been 1 for 18 with 12 strikeouts against the hard-throwing Cuban this season . Ellsbury got a great jump and swiped second without a throw . He reached third	False
Center fielder Billy Hamilton had trouble with the sun earlier , allowing Ellsbury 's seventh-inning fly to fall for a double . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Moments earlier , Schumaker made a costly baserunning mistake . He singled to start the inning and , with Frazier at the plate , took off trying to steal second	False
He singled to start the inning and , with Frazier at the plate , took off trying to steal second before Betances began his delivery . The big right-hander stepped off the rubber , and Schumaker was tagged out after a long rundown . Schumaker , just off the seven - day concussion disabled list , had an RBI double with two outs in the fifth	True
Since coming to the big leagues in late May , La Stella is 6 for 7 with the bases loaded , driving in 13 runs in those at-bats . La Stella drove in three runs and Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer to back Alex Wood . The Braves have won of five of seven and remained second	False
Wood ( 7 - 7 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings with eight strikeouts to win for the first time four starts . He retired his last 13 batters . The first five innings were played in a steady drizzle before heavy rain caused a 1-hour , 39-minute delay in the middle of the sixth	True
The first five innings were played in a steady drizzle before heavy rain caused a 1-hour , 39-minute delay in the middle of the sixth . Philadelphia took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Philadelphia took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when John Mayberry Jr. homered , but the Braves went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half on Johnson 's seventh homer . Phillies starter Kyle Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) got in trouble in the third	True
Wood , who returned to Atlanta 's rotation on June 25 after nearly seven weeks in relief , improved to 4 - 6 with a 2.95 ERA in 12 starts . After the rain delay , Phillies reliever Mario Hollands gave up two runs in the sixth	True
After the rain delay , Phillies reliever Mario Hollands gave up two runs in the sixth on Andrelton Simmons ' bases-loaded walk and Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . Philadelphia has lost four of five and dropped 11 games back in the NL East . Just 9 - 42 when scoring three runs or less , the Phillies missed a chance to score with the bases loaded in the eighth	True
Philadelphia has lost four of five and dropped 11 games back in the NL East . Just 9 - 42 when scoring three runs or less , the Phillies missed a chance to score with the bases loaded in the eighth when Jimmy Rollins grounded into a double play and Chase Utley popped up . Marlon Byrd hit his 19th homer in the ninth	True
Coming through is becoming routine for Snider , who is 11 for 39 ( .282 ) as a pinch hitter . All-Star reliever Tony Watson ( 6 - 1 ) picked up the win with a scoreless eighth inning . Mark Melancon got Troy Tulowitzki , representing the tying run , to ground out to third	False
Charlie Culberson and Corey Dickerson had two hits apiece for the Rockies but Colorado 's bullpen could n't give starter Jorge De La Rosa his fifth consecutive victory . The Rockies left 11 runners on base while losing their third straight . Walker singled to lead off the bottom of the eighth	True
Charlie Culberson and Corey Dickerson had two hits apiece for the Rockies but Colorado 's bullpen could n't give starter Jorge De La Rosa his fifth consecutive victory . The Rockies left 11 runners on base while losing their third straight . Walker singled to lead off the bottom of the eighth and moved to third	False
Pittsburgh starter Francisco Liriano worked five innings as he tries to bounce back from a difficult first half in which he managed just one win in 15 starts and spent a month on the disabled list with a back injury . The left-hander returned in four shaky innings last weekend against Cincinnati , but Hurdle threw Liriano right back out there on Friday hoping to get him into a comfortable rhythm . The early signs were encouraging . Liriano labored through the first two innings -- needing 27 pitches to get out of bases-loaded jam in the first -- but got better as the game wore on . Colorado managed only an RBI fielder 's choice by Dickerson in the second	True
Liriano allowed one run on three hits , walking three and striking out eight . De La Rosa was just as effective while keeping the Pirates off balance for six innings . Poor decision making by Marte helped . The left fielder tripled to left with two outs in the fifth	True
Liriano allowed one run on three hits , walking three and striking out eight . De La Rosa was just as effective while keeping the Pirates off balance for six innings . Poor decision making by Marte helped . The left fielder tripled to left with two outs in the fifth , scoring Polanco all the way from first	False
De La Rosa was just as effective while keeping the Pirates off balance for six innings . Poor decision making by Marte helped . The left fielder tripled to left with two outs in the fifth , scoring Polanco all the way from first . Marte then ran through third baseman Nick Leyva 's stop sign and was out by a good 15 feet trying for an inside the park homer . Colorado went back in front in the seventh	True
De La Rosa was just as effective while keeping the Pirates off balance for six innings . Poor decision making by Marte helped . The left fielder tripled to left with two outs in the fifth , scoring Polanco all the way from first . Marte then ran through third baseman Nick Leyva 's stop sign and was out by a good 15 feet trying for an inside the park homer . Colorado went back in front in the seventh when Pedro Alvarez 's throwing error with two outs snowballed into an RBI single by Drew Stubbs . Pittsburgh evened it in the seventh	False
Puig was ejected Saturday night for arguing a called third strike . He struck out his first two times up Sunday , then hit an RBI single in the sixth inning after Dee Gordon singled and stole his major league-leading 43rd base . Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two hits in six innings without a walk . The left-hander retired his first 11 batters and allowed only one hit through the first five innings , a two - out single in the fourth	True
Puig was ejected Saturday night for arguing a called third strike . He struck out his first two times up Sunday , then hit an RBI single in the sixth inning after Dee Gordon singled and stole his major league-leading 43rd base . Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two hits in six innings without a walk . The left-hander retired his first 11 batters and allowed only one hit through the first five innings , a two - out single in the fourth by Carlos Quentin . The Padres ' only other hit against him was a leadoff single through the box by Alexi Amarista in the sixth	True
Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two hits in six innings without a walk . The left-hander retired his first 11 batters and allowed only one hit through the first five innings , a two - out single in the fourth by Carlos Quentin . The Padres ' only other hit against him was a leadoff single through the box by Alexi Amarista in the sixth . J. P. Howell relieved Brandon League in the seventh	True
Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two hits in six innings without a walk . The left-hander retired his first 11 batters and allowed only one hit through the first five innings , a two - out single in the fourth by Carlos Quentin . The Padres ' only other hit against him was a leadoff single through the box by Alexi Amarista in the sixth . J. P. Howell relieved Brandon League in the seventh with runners at first	False
Ryu ( 10 - 5 ) gave up two hits in six innings without a walk . The left-hander retired his first 11 batters and allowed only one hit through the first five innings , a two - out single in the fourth by Carlos Quentin . The Padres ' only other hit against him was a leadoff single through the box by Alexi Amarista in the sixth . J. P. Howell relieved Brandon League in the seventh with runners at first and second	False
Ross ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking one . The Dodgers scored when Gordon singled with one out in the sixth	True
Ross ( 7 - 10 ) gave up six hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking one . The Dodgers scored when Gordon singled with one out in the sixth and stole second	False
He allowed one hit and struck out three for the Royals , who beat the Tigers for only the first time in seven tries this year at home . Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth	True
Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 26 opportunities . After Raul Ibanez loaded the bases in the seventh	True
Hosmer 's double stretched his career-best hitting streak to 13 games . Rajai Davis and Austin Jackson opened the third	True
Hosmer 's double stretched his career-best hitting streak to 13 games . Rajai Davis and Austin Jackson opened the third with back-to-back singles and the Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and a two - out bloop single by J. D. Martinez , which fell in between shortstop Escobar and left fielder Ibanez as Jackson came around from first	False
Simon became the NL 's first 12-game winner and Billy Hamilton added to his sensational series with a tiebreaking triple Wednesday night , sending the Cincinnati Reds to a 4 - 1 victory over the trade-depleted Chicago Cubs . The Reds won their fifth	False
If another pitcher has to pull out of the All-Star game next week , Simon would be considered . Hamilton tripled home a run and scored during a three - run fifth	True
Hamilton flied out in his last at-bat and left the game because his left hamstring was tight . He expects to miss a few games . Reds second baseman Brandon Phillips also left in the eighth	True
The right-hander walked two , matched his season high with eight strikeouts and threw 119 pitches , retiring 13 in a row during one stretch . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth	True
Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The left-hander has fanned at least one batter in each of his last 38 appearances , leaving him one shy of Bruce Sutter 's record for a reliever since 1900 . The Cubs called up second baseman Arismendy Alcantara for a couple of days . The 22-year-old infielder batted second	False
Drew Stubbs , Charlie Blackmon and Wilin Rosario also went deep for the Rockies , who won a home series for the first time in nearly two months . Colorado last won a home series taking two of three from San Diego in May . The Rockies managed to split a four - game set with Atlanta in June but lost five other series at Coors Field . They were swept twice and in the process went from second	False
Tulowitzki has expressed frustration with Colorado 's extended slump but has n't given up on the season . He pointed out the Rockies used big turnarounds after the All-Star break to reach the World Series in 2007 and the playoffs again two years later . They took a step with back-to-back homers off reliever Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Tulowitzki has expressed frustration with Colorado 's extended slump but has n't given up on the season . He pointed out the Rockies used big turnarounds after the All-Star break to reach the World Series in 2007 and the playoffs again two years later . They took a step with back-to-back homers off reliever Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 1 ) in the eighth . Blackmon started the rally with a single and Stubbs followed with his ninth homer of the season and fifth	False
They took a step with back-to-back homers off reliever Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 1 ) in the eighth . Blackmon started the rally with a single and Stubbs followed with his ninth homer of the season and fifth in his last five games . Tulowitzki then hit an 0 - 1 fastball into the left field seats for his 20th home run of the year . It was Tulowitzki 's second multihomer game this season and 10th	False
Benoit had not allowed a run in 19 1/3 innings before Stubbs ' homer . Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth	True
Benoit had not allowed a run in 19 1/3 innings before Stubbs ' homer . Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth for the win and LaTroy Hawkins worked the ninth	False
Jurrjens gave up eight hits and struck out six before leaving , but it could have been worse . With two runners on in the fifth Yasmani Grandal hit a foul home run down the right-field line , a call that was held up under review . It was the second time in the game Grandal was on the losing end of a review . Colorado 's All-Stars got things started in the first	True
The Red Sox managed just two hits and were beaten by the Chicago White Sox 4 - 0 on Monday night , Boston 's sixth loss in seven games . Scott Carroll pitched 6 2/3 innings of one - hit ball , and Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer off Clay Buchholz in the fourth	True
Adam Dunn also homered off Buchholz , but he recovered well from the rocky start and kept the Red Sox in the game . All four runs came on home runs as Buchholz ( 3 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out a season-high seven and walked one . A. J. Pierzynski 's third-inning single was the lone hit off Carroll . Jackie Bradley Jr. singled off Javy Guerra to lead off the eighth	True
Boston entered Monday having scored 22 runs in its last four games , but allowed 32 during the same span . Buchholz was willing to talk about the mistakes he made to Dunn in the second	True
Boston entered Monday having scored 22 runs in its last four games , but allowed 32 during the same span . Buchholz was willing to talk about the mistakes he made to Dunn in the second and Viciedo in the fourth	True
The Red Sox scored just one run in his previous start , a 2 - 1 loss to the Cubs in Boston . Making the eighth -- and best -- start of his career , Carroll ( 3 - 5 ) walked two and struck out five while shutting down the defending World Series champions . Dunn hit a solo homer in the second inning and doubled and scored on Viciedo 's home run in the fourth	True
The Rangers crept closer to the AL West basement Monday , when they were forced to play from a sizable early deficit for the second time in as many days , writes Randy Jennings . Gonzalez 's triple followed five consecutive singles in a six - run second inning , and Singleton 's towering flyball landed two rows above the Texas bullpen in right-center for a three - run shot and a 9 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) won for the first time in 12 career starts against AL West opponents despite allowing nine hits and six runs -- five earned -- in five innings . Every Houston batter had at least one hit after George Springer 's infield single with one out in the fourth	True
It was the second career start for Mikolas , who was strong for five innings before fading in the sixth last week in Baltimore . He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Adrian Beltre extended his hitting streak to 10 games with an RBI double in the third inning and a solo homer in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre extended his hitting streak to 10 games with an RBI double in the third inning and a solo homer in the fifth that pulled the Rangers to 9 - 6 . Beltre 's team-leading 12th home run came an inning after Elvis Andrus ' three - run double down the left field line . Houston relievers Josh Fields and Tony Sipp kept the Rangers from getting any closer , combining to strike out seven in a row starting in the sixth	True
Adrian Beltre extended his hitting streak to 10 games with an RBI double in the third inning and a solo homer in the fifth that pulled the Rangers to 9 - 6 . Beltre 's team-leading 12th home run came an inning after Elvis Andrus ' three - run double down the left field line . Houston relievers Josh Fields and Tony Sipp kept the Rangers from getting any closer , combining to strike out seven in a row starting in the sixth , when Texas trailed 10 - 6 . The streak included Jake Smolinski in his major league debut for Texas in the seventh	True
The Rangers , playoff contenders the past four seasons , lost for the 16th time in 19 games . Texas started the day 17 games behind Oakland and finished it just two ahead of last-place Houston , which has lost at least 100 games three straight years . Singleton had the first	False
The Rangers , playoff contenders the past four seasons , lost for the 16th time in 19 games . Texas started the day 17 games behind Oakland and finished it just two ahead of last-place Houston , which has lost at least 100 games three straight years . Singleton had the first of the five straight singles and reached base four times , capped by an RBI double in the eighth	True
The expected pitcher 's duel took place as Zimmermann outdueled Jake Arrieta over six innings and left with a 1 - 0 lead . The Cubs tied it in the seventh	True
The Cubs tied it in the seventh on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly against Drew Storen . Span 's hustle turned a soft hit to right field off Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) into a double leading off the eighth	True
Span 's hustle turned a soft hit to right field off Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) into a double leading off the eighth . The Cubs challenged the play , but replay showed that the sliding Span avoided the tag . Two outs later , the Cubs intentionally walked Adam LaRoche to bring up Zimmerman , who ripped a single to left to score Span from second	False
Two outs later , the Cubs intentionally walked Adam LaRoche to bring up Zimmerman , who ripped a single to left to score Span from second . Tyler Clippard ( 6 - 2 ) worked out of trouble in the eighth inning . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
The righty won his four previous starts and flirted with no-hitters in his last two . Arrieta carried a perfect game into the seventh inning on June 24 against Cincinnati and went 7 2/3 innings without allowing a hit at Boston on June 30 . Washington ended such hopes immediately . Span hit a fly ball that sailed over the outfielders for a double leading off the first	True
Washington ended such hopes immediately . Span hit a fly ball that sailed over the outfielders for a double leading off the first . One out later he scored on Jayson Werth 's groundout for a 1 - 0 lead . Arrieta allowed four hits and one run over six innings with three walks and five strikeouts . He gave up two singles to open the fifth	True
Storen entered having allowed only three earned runs this season and only one in 17 appearances since May 17 . The Cubs threatened in the eighth	True
Storen entered having allowed only three earned runs this season and only one in 17 appearances since May 17 . The Cubs threatened in the eighth , putting runners at second	False
Storen entered having allowed only three earned runs this season and only one in 17 appearances since May 17 . The Cubs threatened in the eighth , putting runners at second and third	False
Pinch-hitter Nick Evans ' run-scoring double off Luis Avilan in the ninth pushed Arizona 's lead to two . Evans drove in Martin Prado , who singled off Anthony Varvaro and stole second base . Addison Reed gave up a leadoff single to Tommy La Stella in the ninth	False
Addison Reed gave up a leadoff single to Tommy La Stella in the ninth before striking out Christian Bethancourt . Reed wrapped up his 20th save when Ryan Doumit hit into a double play . Arizona right-hander Brad Ziegler gave up a leadoff single to Andrelton Simmons in the eighth	True
Walks hurt both starting pitchers . Wood issued a walk to Miley to open the third inning before Goldschmidt 's two - out homer gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt , who had an infield single in the first	True
Wood issued a walk to Miley to open the third inning before Goldschmidt 's two - out homer gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt , who had an infield single in the first , had two of Arizona 's three hits off Wood . Miley walked Justin Upton to open the fourth	True
Wood issued a walk to Miley to open the third inning before Goldschmidt 's two - out homer gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt , who had an infield single in the first , had two of Arizona 's three hits off Wood . Miley walked Justin Upton to open the fourth . He scored from second	False
Miley walked Justin Upton to open the fourth . He scored from second on Johnson 's single up the middle . Miley did n't allow another hit until Bethancourt singled with two outs in the seventh	True
But when the pitchers and reserves for the AL All-Star team were announced after the game , Richards ' name was n't among them . He could still get the final spot on the squad through fan voting on the Internet . Richards ( 10 - 2 ) allowed six hits over 7 innings , including an RBI single by Carlos Corporan in the seventh	True
Albert Pujols drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single and Kole Calhoun homered , helping the Angels go 15 games over .500 for the first time since ending the 2012 season at 89 - 73 . They swept a four - game set at home for the first time since July 2011 against Seattle and are 21 - 3 at the `` Big A '' since May 17 -- their best 24-game stretch at home in franchise history . Joe Thatcher , obtained in a trade from Arizona on Saturday , threw one pitch in his Angels debut and gave up a one - out single in the eighth	True
Collin McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits through four innings before leaving with a broken nail on his middle finger . The right-hander walked two and struck out four in his third start against the Angels this year , becoming the first pitcher in Astros history to get at least four strikeouts in each of his first 14 starts of a season . The Angels loaded the bases in the third	True
The Angels loaded the bases in the third when McHugh gave up singles by Conger and Calhoun and hit Trout on the left biceps with a first-pitch fastball . Pujols stroked a two - run single to left field to open the scoring . Until that hit , the three - time NL MVP was 0 - for - 13 this season in bases-loaded situations . Trout then scored from second	False
`` Right now we 're in a rut , and we have not played well . But nobody is going to feel sorry for you . It 's up to the men in this clubhouse . These are the guys that we have and those are the guys we 're going to run out there . It 's going to be up to us to rectify what it is we have going . '' Calhoun added his ninth homer in the seventh	True
`` Right now we 're in a rut , and we have not played well . But nobody is going to feel sorry for you . It 's up to the men in this clubhouse . These are the guys that we have and those are the guys we 're going to run out there . It 's going to be up to us to rectify what it is we have going . '' Calhoun added his ninth homer in the seventh against David Martinez , who was pitching his third inning after getting recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City . The Angels tacked on two more runs in the eighth	True
Rosenthal called it a `` tough at-bat against a good hitter , and he won the battle . '' McGehee fouled off five full-count pitches before lining a long game-tying single . He took second	False
McGehee fouled off five full-count pitches before lining a long game-tying single . He took second on the throw home , then beat the relay to the plate on pinch hitter Jeff Baker 's go-ahead hit off Sam Freeman . Donovan Solano was running from first	False
The Marlins also scored two runs off Rosenthal in the series opener but fell short in a 3 - 2 loss . Christian Yelich 's three - run homer off Seth Maness in the sixth began Miami 's comeback from a four - run deficit that snapped the Cardinals ' three - game winning streak . Mike Dunn ( 6 - 4 ) worked a scoreless eighth	True
Allen Craig and Jhonny Peralta homered on consecutive at-bats against Andrew Heaney in a four - run fourth inning that put the Cardinals up 5 - 1 . Rosenthal has four blown saves in 30 chances . The Cardinals entered with 49 homers , tied with the cross-state Royals for fewest in the majors , and hit back-to-back homers for the first time this season . Craig 's two - run shot was his first since May 29 and came after two days on the bench , and two pitches later Peralta hit his team-leading 13th	False
The Cardinals entered with 49 homers , tied with the cross-state Royals for fewest in the majors , and hit back-to-back homers for the first time this season . Craig 's two - run shot was his first since May 29 and came after two days on the bench , and two pitches later Peralta hit his team-leading 13th just inside the foul pole in left . Shelby Miller needed 107 pitches to work 5 1/3 innings and was charged with three runs on nine hits . Miller saved a run that kept it tied at 1 in the fourth	True
Heaney gave up five runs on eight hits in 3 2/3 innings , the worst of his four career starts . He faced 23 hitters and 12 reached safely . The Marlins nicked Miller for a run on three singles in the first	True
The Marlins nicked Miller for a run on three singles in the first with McGehee getting the RBI and extending his hitting streak to 12 games , a career best . The Cardinals tied it on a hit batter , walk and Molina 's single in the bottom half . St. Louis stranded two in the first	True
The Marlins nicked Miller for a run on three singles in the first with McGehee getting the RBI and extending his hitting streak to 12 games , a career best . The Cardinals tied it on a hit batter , walk and Molina 's single in the bottom half . St. Louis stranded two in the first when Jon Jay took a called third strike and Allen Craig , making his first start in three games , grounded out with the bases loaded to end the second	True
Make that 2 - 40 now . Tony Gwynn Jr. led off the ninth	True
Revere had two hits for the Phillies , who won for the third time in 13 games . It was Revere 's sixth multi-hit game in his last eight outings . It was back-and-forth all night , the last swing going Philadelphia 's way : The Marlins led 2 - 0 , the Phillies went up 3 - 2 and the Marlins scored two in the eighth	True
It was back-and-forth all night , the last swing going Philadelphia 's way : The Marlins led 2 - 0 , the Phillies went up 3 - 2 and the Marlins scored two in the eighth , grabbing a 4 - 3 lead on Jeff Baker 's pinch-hit triple . But in the ninth	True
But in the ninth , Cishek gave the Phillies a chance , and they took advantage . Gwynn went to third	False
But in the ninth , Cishek gave the Phillies a chance , and they took advantage . Gwynn went to third on a single by Revere and wound up scoring the tying run on a grounder by Jimmy Rollins . Chase Utley then hit another grounder to Solano , who only had the play at first	False
Marlins manager Mike Redmond did n't speculate about what Solano 's bobble meant , saying the inning 's biggest mistake was the free pass Cishek ( 4 - 4 ) issued to Gwynn . Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon got his 19th save in 21 chances . Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite a shaky eighth	True
Marcell Ozuna had three hits and scored twice for Miami , and Christian Yelich also had a two - hit night for the Marlins . Casey McGehee extended his hit streak to 10 for Miami , reaching base for the 27th straight game . Cameron Rupp had a two - run , two - out , full-count double off Miami reliever Chris Hatcher to highlight Philadelphia 's three - run sixth	True
Cameron Rupp had a two - run , two - out , full-count double off Miami reliever Chris Hatcher to highlight Philadelphia 's three - run sixth . Rupp was batting .125 before his opposite-field hit sailed over Giancarlo Stanton 's head and off the right-field wall . Phillies starter Kyle Kendrick gave up six hits and struck out four in seven innings , leaving with a 3 - 2 lead . Marlins starter Brad Hand gave up three singles to open the sixth	True
Phillies starter Kyle Kendrick gave up six hits and struck out four in seven innings , leaving with a 3 - 2 lead . Marlins starter Brad Hand gave up three singles to open the sixth and was chased after 99 pitches , the fourth-most of his career . Hand 's sacrifice bunt -- his first RBI in nearly three years -- allowed Ozuna to score Miami 's first run in the second	True
Phillies starter Kyle Kendrick gave up six hits and struck out four in seven innings , leaving with a 3 - 2 lead . Marlins starter Brad Hand gave up three singles to open the sixth and was chased after 99 pitches , the fourth-most of his career . Hand 's sacrifice bunt -- his first RBI in nearly three years -- allowed Ozuna to score Miami 's first run in the second . Ozuna singled and scored again in the fifth	False
Logan Morrison drove in two runs in Seattle 's big sixth inning , Young pitched seven strong innings and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 5 - 2 to complete a three - game sweep . The 35-year-old Young has bounced back after missing the 2013 season after shoulder surgery . His eight wins are second	False
The Mariners were down by two before a four - run sixth inning , highlighted by Morrison 's double to right field off Brad Peacock ( 2 - 5 ) that put them on top . James Jones scored on a wild pitch in the inning and John Buck had an RBI single . Young ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two hits -- both solo homers -- and struck out a season-high eight . It was his most strikeouts since he fanned nine against Colorado in 2012 . Fernando Rodney pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He was replaced by Anthony Bass , who was making his first appearance since May 10 after being reinstated from the disabled list on Wednesday . Bass allowed a single by Ackley with two outs before retiring Brad Miller to end the inning . Robinson Cano hit a two - out double in the seventh	True
Young has given up 14 home runs this season , which leads the team , but 11 of those homers have been solo shots . Peacock allowed a single to Dustin Ackley with two outs in the second inning before retiring the next six batters . John Buck singled with two outs in the fourth	True
Jose Altuve grabbed the less-than-perfect throw from rookie left fielder Domingo Santana and crawled to the bag for the out . Peacock threw a perfect fifth inning and struck out Endy Chavez to start the sixth	True
The Nationals have dropped four of six . The Mariners trailed 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
Over his last 11 starts , he is 8 - 2 with a 2.35 ERA and has 72 strikeouts and five walks . Relievers Charlie Furbush , Danny Farquhar and Yoervis Medina combined to work two hitless innings . Fernando Rodney gave up a leadoff single to Harper in the ninth	True
Brad Miller and Austin Jackson each had three hits for the Mariners . Harper hit a 418-foot , solo homer in the second	True
Harper hit a 418-foot , solo homer in the second , the first run Iwakuma had allowed against National League teams in 23 innings . Harper hit a 416-foot shot to straightaway center in the fourth	True
Harper was 6 for 12 with three home runs in the series . The Mariners added a run in the eighth	True
He struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings while holding the White Sox to one run and four hits . Cleveland grabbed the lead for good in the sixth	True
He struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings while holding the White Sox to one run and four hits . Cleveland grabbed the lead for good in the sixth . Jose Ramirez led off with a single and stole second	False
He struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings while holding the White Sox to one run and four hits . Cleveland grabbed the lead for good in the sixth . Jose Ramirez led off with a single and stole second . Then he advanced to third	False
Cleveland grabbed the lead for good in the sixth . Jose Ramirez led off with a single and stole second . Then he advanced to third on a groundout and scored on Kipnis ' base hit , giving the Indians a 2 - 1 advantage . Brantley added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Danks allowed two runs and five hits while falling to 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in five August starts . Chicago closed to 3 - 2 on Adam Dunn 's RBI single in the eighth	True
Chicago closed to 3 - 2 on Adam Dunn 's RBI single in the eighth against Cody Allen , who struck out the next four batters for his 18th save in 19 attempts . White Sox rookie Jose Abreu hit a run-scoring single in the third	True
Cleveland jumped in front when Bourn tripled on the first pitch of the game and scored on Jose Ramirez 's grounder . The Indians threatened to take a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Buster Posey homered twice for San Francisco . The hapless Rockies came close to breaking up Bumgarner 's bid for perfection in the top of the fifth	True
The hapless Rockies came close to breaking up Bumgarner 's bid for perfection in the top of the fifth . Matt McBride was thrown out by shortstop Brandon Crawford on a close play at first base . Colorado manager Walt Weiss came out to dispute the call but did not ask for a replay after getting a signal from his dugout . Drew Stubbs hit a deep fly to left in the first	True
The Giants did n't do much offensively either until Posey 's two - run home run in the sixth chased Rockies starter Jorge De La Rosa . Hunter Pence drew a leadoff walk before Posey smashed a 3 - 1 pitch into the stands in left-center . Posey also homered in the eighth	True
Freddy Galvis and Darin Ruf homered and Carlos Ruiz drove in go-ahead run with an eighth-inning sacrifice fly to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Ken Giles ( 3 - 1 ) struck out the side in a scoreless eighth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera homered for the Nationals , who lost consecutive games for the first time since Aug. 4 - 5 . Cole Hamels took a lead into the eighth	True
Galvis and Ruf were among the right-handed reserves manager Ryne Sandberg inserted into the lineup against the left-handed Gonzalez . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances . The Phillies scored the go-ahead run in the eighth	True
The Phillies scored the go-ahead run in the eighth off Tyler Clippard ( 7 - 3 ) . Ben Revere led off and reached on an error by shortstop Kevin Frandsen . Revere originally was ruled out by first-base umpire Gary Cederstrom , but the call was overturned after a 2:59 delay . It was the second call of the game by Cederstrom that was overturned . Revere stole second	False
The Phillies scored the go-ahead run in the eighth off Tyler Clippard ( 7 - 3 ) . Ben Revere led off and reached on an error by shortstop Kevin Frandsen . Revere originally was ruled out by first-base umpire Gary Cederstrom , but the call was overturned after a 2:59 delay . It was the second call of the game by Cederstrom that was overturned . Revere stole second , went to third	False
Revere stole second , went to third on Jimmy Rollins ' fly out and scored when Ruiz flew out to deep center . Gonzalez blanked the Phillies through four innings of two - hit ball before giving up two runs in the fourth	True
Cespedes singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th inning and the Red Sox survived a ninth-inning collapse to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Monday night , snapping their slide at eight games . After the Blue Jays ' ninth-inning comeback , Brock Holt and Yoenis Cespedes cranked into action in the 10th	True
Cespedes has 19 RBIs in 22 games since being traded to Boston on July 31 . Seven of those 19 RBIs have given the Red Sox a lead . Brock Holt hit a one - out single off Aaron Sanchez ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th	True
Cespedes has 19 RBIs in 22 games since being traded to Boston on July 31 . Seven of those 19 RBIs have given the Red Sox a lead . Brock Holt hit a one - out single off Aaron Sanchez ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th and stole second	False
Cespedes has 19 RBIs in 22 games since being traded to Boston on July 31 . Seven of those 19 RBIs have given the Red Sox a lead . Brock Holt hit a one - out single off Aaron Sanchez ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th and stole second as Dustin Pedroia struck out , with the steal confirmed by video review . Holt stole third	False
Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) got the win despite blowing his fourth save in 30 chances , and Craig Breslow finished for his first save in two chances . Toronto managed just two singles against Red Sox starter Clay Buchholz through the first eight innings , but rallied in the ninth	True
Uehara came on and got Adam Lind to ground into a fielder 's choice as Reyes scored . Edwin Encarnacion followed with a two - run double beyond the reach of a leaping Cespedes in left , tying it at 3 - 3 . Mookie Betts hit a one - out drive into the second deck in the fifth	True
In the makeup of a game rained out in early June , Pineda ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a solo shot to Mike Moustakas leading off the third inning . But that was about it in Pineda 's third game back from the disabled list . He struck out five without a walk . Jacoby Ellsbury drove in a run in the seventh inning with the 1,000th hit of his career , then added a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Moustakas tied the game with his 15th homer in the bottom half . Drew gave the Yankees the lead back in the fourth	True
Moustakas tied the game with his 15th homer in the bottom half . Drew gave the Yankees the lead back in the fourth with his home run , and they piled on four more runs off Shields in the seventh	True
Good thing , too , because Colorado needed him to pitch deep into the game after an extra-inning victory the night before . Bergman worked into the seventh	True
Now Bergman just needs the game ball from his inaugural big league victory . Arenado kept up his torrid month by going 2 for 4 , raising his average to .388 in August . He also was hit on the right elbow in the fifth	True
Miami 's Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) settled down after giving up two early homers . But he lasted just 4 1/3 innings and was charged with four runs and nine hits . Charlie Blackmon took advantage of a lackadaisical play by Giancarlo Stanton in right to turn a routine single into a double in the sixth	True
Miami 's Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) settled down after giving up two early homers . But he lasted just 4 1/3 innings and was charged with four runs and nine hits . Charlie Blackmon took advantage of a lackadaisical play by Giancarlo Stanton in right to turn a routine single into a double in the sixth . Stanton nonchalantly fielded a roller through the infield and casually threw it toward the infield . Blackmon immediately rounded first	False
Miami 's Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) settled down after giving up two early homers . But he lasted just 4 1/3 innings and was charged with four runs and nine hits . Charlie Blackmon took advantage of a lackadaisical play by Giancarlo Stanton in right to turn a routine single into a double in the sixth . Stanton nonchalantly fielded a roller through the infield and casually threw it toward the infield . Blackmon immediately rounded first and easily slid into second	False
His manager concurred . That insurance run would come in handy . The Marlins scored twice in the seventh	True
That insurance run would come in handy . The Marlins scored twice in the seventh on an RBI double by Jeff Baker and a run-scoring single for Stanton . Juan Nicasio kept the Rockies in front by recording the final two outs of the inning . DJ LeMahieu then gave Colorado some breathing room with a two - run double in the seventh	True
DJ LeMahieu then gave Colorado some breathing room with a two - run double in the seventh . Arenado hit his 14th homer in the first	True
Ichiro Suzuki had a two - run single and Mark Teixeira hit an RBI double for the resurgent Yankees , who rallied against All-Star ace Chris Sale en route to their fourth straight victory following a 2 - 7 slide . Desperately chasing a playoff spot , they finished a 4 - 2 homestand against two losing teams by getting their second game-ending hit against Chicago in three days . Carlos Beltran doubled off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 3 ) with two outs in the 10th	True
McCann joined the Yankees as a prized free agent last offseason , signing an $ 85 million , five - year contract . But his first year in New York has n't been easy , and he 's hitting only .235 with 15 homers and 54 RBIs . Avisail Garcia hit a tying homer in the ninth	True
Avisail Garcia hit a tying homer in the ninth for the White Sox , who have lost a season-high six in a row and 13 of 17 overall . Chicago has dropped its last eight games at Yankee Stadium since winning on June 29 , 2012 . New York scored four unearned runs off Sale in the sixth	True
Suzuki capped the outburst with a two - run single , making him the first left-handed batter to drive in a run against Sale since Minnesota star Joe Mauer on Aug. 17 , 2013 , according to STATS . After striking out his first three times up , Garcia led off the ninth	True
After striking out his first three times up , Garcia led off the ninth with a home run against Yankees closer David Robertson , who had converted 22 consecutive save chances since June 5 -- the longest active streak in the majors . David Huff ( 3 - 1 ) threw a called third strike past slugger Jose Abreu with two on to end the top of the 10th	False
Ryan Howard homered and Marlon Byrd and Carlos Ruiz each drove in a pair of runs for the Phillies . Pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso drew a leadoff walk in the 12th	True
Ryan Howard homered and Marlon Byrd and Carlos Ruiz each drove in a pair of runs for the Phillies . Pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso drew a leadoff walk in the 12th from Ken Giles ( 2 - 1 ) . Descalso went to second	False
Ryan Howard homered and Marlon Byrd and Carlos Ruiz each drove in a pair of runs for the Phillies . Pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso drew a leadoff walk in the 12th from Ken Giles ( 2 - 1 ) . Descalso went to second on Jon Jay 's sacrifice bunt and moved to third	False
The teams combined to use 14 pitchers in a game that took 4 hours , 53 minutes . The Phillies tied it at 5 in the eighth	True
Cardinals starter Shelby Miller was in line for the win after going six innings and allowing three runs and five hits . A pair of Phillies errors helped the Cardinals break a 2-all tie and go in front in the sixth	True
A pair of Phillies errors helped the Cardinals break a 2-all tie and go in front in the sixth with three runs off reliever Mario Hollands . After A. J. Pierzynski led off with a double , Oscar Taveras hit a sinking liner to left . Domonic Brown appeared to pull up on a catchable ball and Pierzynski took off for third	False
Haren overcame a leadoff homer by Curtis Granderson and a pair of failed sacrifice bunts to help the NL West leaders beat the error-prone New York Mets 6 - 2 on Friday night . Granderson drove Haren 's third pitch into the Mets bullpen in right field for his 28th career leadoff homer and fourth	False
The right-hander allowed only two singles after that . Haren ( 11 - 10 ) struck out six and walked none over seven innings , helping the Dodgers maintain their 3 1 - 2 game lead over San Francisco . The victory was his third	False
The Mets tied a season high with four errors , including a dropped foul pop by first baseman Lucas Duda . The Dodgers got their first two batters on in the third inning before Haren bunted into a double play started by Niese . But Dee Gordon slapped an opposite-field RBI single inside third	False
The Dodgers got their first two batters on in the third inning before Haren bunted into a double play started by Niese . But Dee Gordon slapped an opposite-field RBI single inside third to tie it 1 - 1 . Haren came up again in the fifth	True
The Dodgers got their first two batters on in the third inning before Haren bunted into a double play started by Niese . But Dee Gordon slapped an opposite-field RBI single inside third to tie it 1 - 1 . Haren came up again in the fifth with runners at the corners and tried a suicide squeeze . He bunted through an 0 - 1 pitch , and Justin Turner was erased in a rundown at third	False
`` I put a pretty good at-bat together and got us the lead there , and I felt good about that . I was still frustrated that I left J. T. out there hanging . '' Gordon hit his major league-leading 11th triple with two out in the seventh	True
Hamels ( 7 - 6 ) snapped his string of seven straight starts going at least seven innings , but picked up the win in a rare reversal of fortunes . The left-hander entered Wednesday with the eight - best ERA in baseball but there were more than 100 pitchers with more victories . Hamels did n't have his best stuff against the Mariners , giving up three runs on nine hits with four strikeouts , one walk and two wild pitches , but he got just enough run support and a lift from the Philadelphia bullpen . Jonathan Papelbon struck out two in a scoreless ninth	True
Hamels ( 7 - 6 ) snapped his string of seven straight starts going at least seven innings , but picked up the win in a rare reversal of fortunes . The left-hander entered Wednesday with the eight - best ERA in baseball but there were more than 100 pitchers with more victories . Hamels did n't have his best stuff against the Mariners , giving up three runs on nine hits with four strikeouts , one walk and two wild pitches , but he got just enough run support and a lift from the Philadelphia bullpen . Jonathan Papelbon struck out two in a scoreless ninth for his 30th save in 33 opportunities . Jake Diekman followed Hamels and struck out four in two scoreless frames and Ken Giles fanned the side in the scoreless eighth	False
James Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) took the first loss of his career after the shortest outing in his 10th start . He lasted four innings while allowing four runs -- one earned -- on seven hits . The 25-year-old Paxton was 6 - 0 in his career . Philadelphia was helped by Paxton in the fourth	True
James Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) took the first loss of his career after the shortest outing in his 10th start . He lasted four innings while allowing four runs -- one earned -- on seven hits . The 25-year-old Paxton was 6 - 0 in his career . Philadelphia was helped by Paxton in the fourth . After Nieves led off with a single , Andres Blanco hit a liner off Paxton 's left ankle . The pitcher retrieved the ball but threw it away to put runners on second	False
James Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) took the first loss of his career after the shortest outing in his 10th start . He lasted four innings while allowing four runs -- one earned -- on seven hits . The 25-year-old Paxton was 6 - 0 in his career . Philadelphia was helped by Paxton in the fourth . After Nieves led off with a single , Andres Blanco hit a liner off Paxton 's left ankle . The pitcher retrieved the ball but threw it away to put runners on second and third	False
But Strasburg ( 10 - 10 ) did just what the Nationals needed him to do : eat up innings to give the overtaxed relievers a break . He struck out four to give him a National League-leading 198 for the season , besting his previous single-season high of 197 in 2012 -- the year he was shut down early after returning from elbow surgery . The Nationals sent seven batters to the plate in the third	True
DENVER -- Drew Stubbs capped Colorado 's five - run ninth inning with a three - run homer , sending the Rockies to a 10 - 9 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Sunday in the first game of a doubleheader . The Reds carried a 9 - 5 lead into the ninth	True
The Reds carried a 9 - 5 lead into the ninth , but All-Star closer Aroldis Chapman walked four straight batters before he was replaced by J. J. Hoover . Pinch-hitter Wilin Rosario then hit a sacrifice fly to trim Cincinnati 's lead to two . After Charlie Blackmon flied out , Stubbs drove a 1 - 0 pitch from Hoover ( 1 - 9 ) into the seats in left for his 12th homer . It was Stubbs ' third career game-ending homer and first	False
After Charlie Blackmon flied out , Stubbs drove a 1 - 0 pitch from Hoover ( 1 - 9 ) into the seats in left for his 12th homer . It was Stubbs ' third career game-ending homer and first with the Rockies . Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) picked up the victory despite allowing a pair of runs in the top of the ninth	True
After Charlie Blackmon flied out , Stubbs drove a 1 - 0 pitch from Hoover ( 1 - 9 ) into the seats in left for his 12th homer . It was Stubbs ' third career game-ending homer and first with the Rockies . Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) picked up the victory despite allowing a pair of runs in the top of the ninth . Nolan Arenado tied a career high with four hits for Colorado . He also had a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
The Rockies ' Michael Cuddyer , who won the NL batting title last season , went 1 for 5 in his return from a left shoulder fracture . He was injured June 5 against Arizona when he dove for a sharply hit grounder while playing third base . A brief thunder shower prompted a 21-minute rain delay in the first	True
Rosales drove in the winning run for the second time in six days -- the only games Texas won on a seven - game homestand . His single was the Rangers ' fourth straight hit off Street to begin the ninth	True
His single was the Rangers ' fourth straight hit off Street to begin the ninth . Alex Rios and Adrian Beltre opened with singles , setting up RBI singles by Mike Carp and Rosales . Rosales ended a 5 - 4 victory over Tampa Bay on Tuesday with a bases-loaded walk in the 14th	True
Rosales ended a 5 - 4 victory over Tampa Bay on Tuesday with a bases-loaded walk in the 14th . Street ( 1 - 1 ) had saved the first two games of the three - game series . The blown save was his second	False
Tepesch went seven innings for the second straight start . Angels starter Hector Santiago pitched six innings , allowing a run and four hits . Rosales singled , stole second base and scored on Rougned Odor 's single in the fifth	True
Rosales singled , stole second base and scored on Rougned Odor 's single in the fifth . Tepesch left after a leadoff walk to Mike Trout in the eighth	True
Pat Neshek posted his fourth save . Regular closer Trevor Rosenthal was given the night off after two successive appearances . Pinch-hitter Yasmani Grandal homered with two outs in the ninth	True
Tyson Ross ( 11 - 11 ) gave up three runs and five hits over six innings . He walked four and hit two batters . Ross walked the first three batters in the first	True
Ross walked the first three batters in the first , and Adams hit an RBI single . Jhonny Peralta followed with a run-scoring groundout . Wong pushed the lead to 3 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth	True
Wong pushed the lead to 3 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth . It was his team-high 27th RBI with two outs . San Diego got within 3 - 1 on a double by Venable in the fifth	False
Wong pushed the lead to 3 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth . It was his team-high 27th RBI with two outs . San Diego got within 3 - 1 on a double by Venable in the fifth . Lynn retired Tommy Medica and Seth Smith with runners on second	False
Wong pushed the lead to 3 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth . It was his team-high 27th RBI with two outs . San Diego got within 3 - 1 on a double by Venable in the fifth . Lynn retired Tommy Medica and Seth Smith with runners on second and third	False
The Padres have scored in the ninth inning in the first two games of the series . Taveras had a pinch-hit single in the eighth	True
All five runs in the game were scored in the first inning . Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) pitched 6 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and six hits . Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
Marlins starter Brad Hand ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs in seven innings . The Marlins , trailing 3 - 2 , loaded the bases in the seventh	True
The Marlins , trailing 3 - 2 , loaded the bases in the seventh , but Matt Stites got Donovan Soloano to ground into a fielder 's choice to end the scoring threat . The Marlins threatened again in the eighth	True
The Marlins threatened again in the eighth , but Jarrod Saltalamacchia bounced into an inning-ending double play , one of four turned by the Diamondbacks . Pennington hit his first homer since May 1 , 2013 , against San Francisco , and Hill added a two - run shot , his 10th	False
The Marlins responded with RBI singles by Giancarlo Stanton and Garrett Jones . Diamondbacks rookie Ender Inciarte extended his hitting streak to 15 games with a single in the fifth	True
Blaine Hardy ( 2 - 1 ) followed with two scoreless innings of relief , lowering his ERA to 2.05 . He 's been a rare bright spot in a bullpen that 's been unreliable . Castellanos put Detroit ahead 5 - 4 with a solo homer off Vance Worley ( 5 - 2 ) in the sixth	True
Blaine Hardy ( 2 - 1 ) followed with two scoreless innings of relief , lowering his ERA to 2.05 . He 's been a rare bright spot in a bullpen that 's been unreliable . Castellanos put Detroit ahead 5 - 4 with a solo homer off Vance Worley ( 5 - 2 ) in the sixth . Martinez added a bases-loaded single in the seventh	False
The Tigers returned home after going 2 - 7 on a road trip against the New York Yankees , Toronto and Pittsburgh . A 19-inning loss to the Blue Jays stretched the pitching staff thin , and Anibal Sanchez and Justin Verlander are nursing injuries . The game was tied at 1 in the fourth	True
The Tigers returned home after going 2 - 7 on a road trip against the New York Yankees , Toronto and Pittsburgh . A 19-inning loss to the Blue Jays stretched the pitching staff thin , and Anibal Sanchez and Justin Verlander are nursing injuries . The game was tied at 1 in the fourth when Pittsburgh 's Jordy Mercer hit an RBI triple and Travis Snider followed with a two - run homer . The Tigers tied it with three runs in the fifth	True
The game was tied at 1 in the fourth when Pittsburgh 's Jordy Mercer hit an RBI triple and Travis Snider followed with a two - run homer . The Tigers tied it with three runs in the fifth . Alex Avila led off with a homer to make it 4 - 2 , and after a single by Eugenio Suarez , Ezequiel Carrera hit a grounder to second	False
The game was tied at 1 in the fourth when Pittsburgh 's Jordy Mercer hit an RBI triple and Travis Snider followed with a two - run homer . The Tigers tied it with three runs in the fifth . Alex Avila led off with a homer to make it 4 - 2 , and after a single by Eugenio Suarez , Ezequiel Carrera hit a grounder to second . Jayson Nix tried to make a tough throw to second	False
Alex Avila led off with a homer to make it 4 - 2 , and after a single by Eugenio Suarez , Ezequiel Carrera hit a grounder to second . Jayson Nix tried to make a tough throw to second to get the lead runner , but his throw was poor , and the error helped Detroit to a big inning . Miguel Cabrera eventually hit a sacrifice fly , and Martinez tied it with a two - out RBI single . Castellanos hit his ninth homer of the year with one out in the sixth	True
Worley allowed five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . TOUGH SPOT : Farmer has spent most of this season at Class A West Michigan , and he was called up from Double-A Erie to make this start for the Tigers . He made it through the order the first time without allowing a hit , but the Pirates scored a run in the third	True
Worley allowed five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . TOUGH SPOT : Farmer has spent most of this season at Class A West Michigan , and he was called up from Double-A Erie to make this start for the Tigers . He made it through the order the first time without allowing a hit , but the Pirates scored a run in the third and three in the fourth	False
He allowed six hits and a walk and struck out four , and the Tigers were able to rally after he left the game . OUTFIELD PROBLEMS : Pittsburgh center fielder Starling Marte made a diving attempt on Castellanos ' hit in the second	True
He allowed six hits and a walk and struck out four , and the Tigers were able to rally after he left the game . OUTFIELD PROBLEMS : Pittsburgh center fielder Starling Marte made a diving attempt on Castellanos ' hit in the second , and the ball got past him for a triple . Right fielder Gregory Polanco could n't handle Torii Hunter 's double in the fourth	True
He allowed six hits and a walk and struck out four , and the Tigers were able to rally after he left the game . OUTFIELD PROBLEMS : Pittsburgh center fielder Starling Marte made a diving attempt on Castellanos ' hit in the second , and the ball got past him for a triple . Right fielder Gregory Polanco could n't handle Torii Hunter 's double in the fourth , and Polanco 's long run to right-center in the seventh	True
OUTFIELD PROBLEMS : Pittsburgh center fielder Starling Marte made a diving attempt on Castellanos ' hit in the second , and the ball got past him for a triple . Right fielder Gregory Polanco could n't handle Torii Hunter 's double in the fourth , and Polanco 's long run to right-center in the seventh was for naught when he was unable to make the catch on Carrera 's drive , which went for a triple . FOR THE BIRDS : Worley and Cabrera both seemed distracted by two birds that settled in between the mound and the plate while Cabrera was batting in the first	True
Liriano 's first big league homer was a two - run shot that helped the San Diego Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 3 Wednesday to tie their season-high with their fifth straight win . It traveled an estimated 427 feet and landed in the top deck of the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner . That , he did . It was the 14th homer hit to the top balcony of the Western Metal building since Petco opened in 2004 , and the eighth	False
Liriano 's shot came off left-hander Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) and gave San Diego a 3 - 1 lead . Chris Nelson was aboard on a leadoff single . Almonte homered to left with one out in the sixth	True
Almonte homered to left with one out in the sixth , his first since being acquired in a trade with Seattle on July 31 . Kennedy struck out eight in six innings while allowing three runs and six hits , with two walks . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth	True
Kennedy struck out eight in six innings while allowing three runs and six hits , with two walks . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . The Rockies tied it the score 3 - 3 in the fourth	True
Kennedy struck out eight in six innings while allowing three runs and six hits , with two walks . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . The Rockies tied it the score 3 - 3 in the fourth with a leadoff homer to left by DJ LeMahieu , his fourth	False
The Rockies tied it the score 3 - 3 in the fourth with a leadoff homer to left by DJ LeMahieu , his fourth , and an RBI double to left by Justin Morneau . The Padres popped back ahead on Yasmani Grandal 's sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
The Padres popped back ahead on Yasmani Grandal 's sacrifice fly in the fifth that brought in Gyorko , who hit a leadoff double . San Diego got a run in the bottom of the first	True
Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) has lost each of his three starts this season against last-place Chicago . He is 6 - 0 with a 1.10 ERA in seven games against the rest of the NL Central . The Cubs grabbed the lead on Justin Ruggiano 's RBI single in the second	True
Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) has lost each of his three starts this season against last-place Chicago . He is 6 - 0 with a 1.10 ERA in seven games against the rest of the NL Central . The Cubs grabbed the lead on Justin Ruggiano 's RBI single in the second , and Alcantara added another run-scoring single in the fourth	True
The Cubs grabbed the lead on Justin Ruggiano 's RBI single in the second , and Alcantara added another run-scoring single in the fourth . Alcantara 's hit drove in Starlin Castro , who reached on a leadoff double to extend his hitting streak to 11 games , the best such streak for the Cubs this year . Rizzo then led off the sixth	True
Rizzo then led off the sixth with a towering drive to left for his first homer since July 22 . Pedro Strop replaced Hendricks ( 4 - 1 ) with the bases loaded in the eighth	True
Rizzo then led off the sixth with a towering drive to left for his first homer since July 22 . Pedro Strop replaced Hendricks ( 4 - 1 ) with the bases loaded in the eighth and got Jonathan Lucroy to ground into an inning-ending double play . Hector Rondon then worked a perfect ninth	True
The Brewers had won four of five . They had their NL Central lead trimmed to 1 1/2 games over Pittsburgh , which won 4 - 2 at Detroit . Milwaukee center fielder Carlos Gomez made a great leaping grab on the warning track in the first	True
The Brewers had won four of five . They had their NL Central lead trimmed to 1 1/2 games over Pittsburgh , which won 4 - 2 at Detroit . Milwaukee center fielder Carlos Gomez made a great leaping grab on the warning track in the first , taking extra bases away from Javier Baez . Gomez then was hit by a pitch on his right wrist in the third	True
Carl Crawford got three hits and drove in two runs for Los Angeles . The Dodgers scored three times in the eighth	True
Carl Crawford got three hits and drove in two runs for Los Angeles . The Dodgers scored three times in the eighth for a 6 - 1 lead . After Matt Kemp 's double moved Yasiel Puig to third	False
The Dodgers scored three times in the eighth for a 6 - 1 lead . After Matt Kemp 's double moved Yasiel Puig to third and chased Teheran , Crawford hit an RBI single off James Russell . Reliever Juan Jaime then walked Justin Turner to load the bases . The next batter , A. J. Ellis , reached when shortstop Ramiro Pena threw errantly to first	False
Reliever Juan Jaime then walked Justin Turner to load the bases . The next batter , A. J. Ellis , reached when shortstop Ramiro Pena threw errantly to first on a double-play attempt , and two runs scored . Jaime and catcher Evan Gattis combined for two wild pitches and one passed ball in the eighth	True
It was one of the ugliest innings that Atlanta manager Fredi Gonzalez has watched his team play this season . The Braves went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Braves went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth on Justin Upton 's RBI single . Los Angeles scored three runs in the sixth	True
Correia , Dee Gordon and Puig singled to load the bases , and Adrian Gonzalez and Crawford followed with RBI singles . Turner 's groundout drove in a run on a ball that could 've been a double play , but was bobbled by second baseman Emilio Bonifacio . Brian Wilson faced the minimum in the seventh	True
Correia , Dee Gordon and Puig singled to load the bases , and Adrian Gonzalez and Crawford followed with RBI singles . Turner 's groundout drove in a run on a ball that could 've been a double play , but was bobbled by second baseman Emilio Bonifacio . Brian Wilson faced the minimum in the seventh , and Jamey Wright struck out the side in the eighth	True
Correia , Dee Gordon and Puig singled to load the bases , and Adrian Gonzalez and Crawford followed with RBI singles . Turner 's groundout drove in a run on a ball that could 've been a double play , but was bobbled by second baseman Emilio Bonifacio . Brian Wilson faced the minimum in the seventh , and Jamey Wright struck out the side in the eighth for Los Angeles . Carlos Frias gave up Gattis ' RBI single in the ninth	False
He spent half of last season in Class-A and pitched just two games in Double-A this season before being called up after injuries decimated the Rangers ' rotation . The Rangers trailed by two early before scoring twice in both the fourth	True
He spent half of last season in Class-A and pitched just two games in Double-A this season before being called up after injuries decimated the Rangers ' rotation . The Rangers trailed by two early before scoring twice in both the fourth and fifth innings to take a 4 - 2 lead . The 393rd homer of Beltre 's career came off Dallas Keuchel in the sixth inning and Choo also had a solo shot in the seventh	True
Jose Altuve had two hits for his 49th multihit game this season in his return after missing Saturday 's game with a sore neck . Chris Carter made it 1 - 0 in the first	True
Jose Altuve had two hits for his 49th multihit game this season in his return after missing Saturday 's game with a sore neck . Chris Carter made it 1 - 0 in the first when he grounded into a force play that scored Robbie Grossman and left Altuve out at second	False
Chris Carter made it 1 - 0 in the first when he grounded into a force play that scored Robbie Grossman and left Altuve out at second . Carter was initially ruled out on the play , but manager Bo Porter challenged the call and it was overturned . Altuve was plunked with one out in the third inning and added to his American League lead when he swiped second	False
Elvis Andrus singled to start the fourth inning and scored on a double by Alex Rios to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . A two - out single by Adam Rosales allowed Rios to score and tie the game . Robinson Chirinos doubled and Daniel Robertson singled to start the fifth inning . Chirinos scored and Robertson took third	False
The Rays handed reigning AL Pitcher of the Month Sonny Gray ( 12 - 5 ) his second straight defeat after a 5 - 0 July in which he had a 1.03 ERA . This is the second time Gray has lost consecutive outings in his first full major league season . The previous pair of losses were to Baltimore and the Yankees on June 7 and 13 . Kiermaier 's first-pitch homer in the fourth	True
Kiermaier 's first-pitch homer in the fourth was just the ninth surrendered this year by Gray , who came into Wednesday with a 1 - 0 record and 0.61 ERA in two career starts against the Rays . Hellickson retired the first nine A 's hitters before Coco Crisp 's leadoff single in the fourth	True
Hellickson retired the first nine A 's hitters before Coco Crisp 's leadoff single in the fourth . Then the right-hander recorded seven more outs in a row . Eric Sogard broke that up with a sixth-inning homer , which snapped a career-high 110-game homerless streak dating to July 21 , 2013 . Josh Reddick added a two - run double in the ninth	False
Eric Sogard broke that up with a sixth-inning homer , which snapped a career-high 110-game homerless streak dating to July 21 , 2013 . Josh Reddick added a two - run double in the ninth off former A 's closer Grant Balfour . Gray plunked Kiermaier in the fifth	True
NEW YORK -- Chris Capuano outpitched Justin Verlander , while Brian McCann and Chase Headley homered to put the New York Yankees past the Detroit Tigers 5 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Yankees have taken two of the first three in the four - game series and went 2 - 1 against the past three AL Cy Young Award winners . They edged Max Scherzer on Monday , then David Price got a no-decision Tuesday in a game the Tigers won in the 12th	True
Capuano gave up an unearned run and five hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked one . The Yankees got the 35-year-old lefty from Colorado this past month , after he had begun the season with Boston . Adam Warren ( 2 - 5 ) got four outs for the win . With runners at the corners in the eighth	True
Verlander ( 10 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , walked one and fanned five . He has not given up fewer than two runs in any of his 24 starts this season . Headley homered in the fifth inning , then McCann hit a tiebreaking solo shot off Verlander in the seventh	True
Headley homered in the fifth inning , then McCann hit a tiebreaking solo shot off Verlander in the seventh . Yankees first baseman Mark Teixeira was cut on the left pinkie as he hustled home in the eighth	True
Yankees first baseman Mark Teixeira was cut on the left pinkie as he hustled home in the eighth . He was ruled safe after a replay reversal but left the game and got three stitches . X-rays were negative . The Yankees scored three times in the eighth	True
SAN DIEGO -- Tim Stauffer and Will Venable stepped up when the San Diego Padres needed it most . Stauffer escaped a bases-loaded , no-out situation in the top of the 12th	True
Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) walked the bases loaded with one out before Venable hit a fastball on a line over the head of right fielder Jason Heyward , who was already playing shallower than normal . Yangervis Solarte walked to start the 12th	True
`` When you go out there and throw a lot of balls and walk guys , that 's what happens , ' Kimbrel said . Stauffer ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two innings but it was his escape in the 12th	True
The Padres won for the fourth time in five games . Atlanta extended its losing streak to five games . Atlanta tied the game at 2 in the eighth	True
Atlanta tied the game at 2 in the eighth on Heyward 's single , a walk and Johnson 's RBI single . Trailing 1 - 0 , the Padres went ahead in the seventh	True
Atlanta tied the game at 2 in the eighth on Heyward 's single , a walk and Johnson 's RBI single . Trailing 1 - 0 , the Padres went ahead in the seventh . Rene Rivera led off with a single , was sacrificed to second	False
While the offense was limited to run-scoring singles by Lonnie Chisenhall and Nick Swisher in the sixth inning , five pitchers combined on a five - hitter for a 2 - 0 victory on Saturday night . Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings and worked out of a two - on , no-out jam in the sixth	True
Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings and worked out of a two - on , no-out jam in the sixth . Cody Allen worked a shaky ninth	True
The Indians pounded out 16 hits in a 12 - 2 win Friday , but could n't do anything with Texas starter Miles Mikolas , who went into the game with an 8.54 ERA , through five innings . That finally changed in the sixth	True
The Indians pounded out 16 hits in a 12 - 2 win Friday , but could n't do anything with Texas starter Miles Mikolas , who went into the game with an 8.54 ERA , through five innings . That finally changed in the sixth . Jason Kipnis started the rally with a single , took second	False
The Indians pounded out 16 hits in a 12 - 2 win Friday , but could n't do anything with Texas starter Miles Mikolas , who went into the game with an 8.54 ERA , through five innings . That finally changed in the sixth . Jason Kipnis started the rally with a single , took second on a sacrifice and went to third	False
T. J. House , called up from the minors before the game , pitched five scoreless innings for Cleveland . House , who struck out seven and allowed three hits , was pulled in the sixth	True
T. J. House , called up from the minors before the game , pitched five scoreless innings for Cleveland . House , who struck out seven and allowed three hits , was pulled in the sixth when Elvis Andrus drew a leadoff walk and took second	False
Gray had his five - start winning streak snapped with his first losing decision in eight outings dating to a June 13 home loss against the Yankees . Guthrie ( 7 - 9 ) struck out six in six innings to win his second straight outing following a three - start skid as the Royals beat the team with baseball 's best record for their third straight win and eighth	False
The A 's struggled to get anything going and lost for the third time in four games a day after trading two - time reigning Home Run Derby champion Cespedes to the Red Sox for Lester and Jonny Gomes . Guthrie struck out the side in the sixth	True
ROYALS BULLPEN : Kansas City 's bullpen delivered again . The steady pitching has been key in winning a recent run of close games . Greg Holland followed scoreless innings by Kelvin Herrera and Wade Davis for his 30th save in 32 chances -- and third	False
Murphy played for Texas from 2007 - 13 before signing a two - year contract with the Indians in November . Murphy had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Murphy played for Texas from 2007 - 13 before signing a two - year contract with the Indians in November . Murphy had a two - run double in the fifth when Cleveland scored six times . He doubled in the second	True
Murphy played for Texas from 2007 - 13 before signing a two - year contract with the Indians in November . Murphy had a two - run double in the fifth when Cleveland scored six times . He doubled in the second and added singles in the fourth	False
Murphy played for Texas from 2007 - 13 before signing a two - year contract with the Indians in November . Murphy had a two - run double in the fifth when Cleveland scored six times . He doubled in the second and added singles in the fourth and sixth	True
Murphy played for Texas from 2007 - 13 before signing a two - year contract with the Indians in November . Murphy had a two - run double in the fifth when Cleveland scored six times . He doubled in the second and added singles in the fourth and sixth . Murphy also threw out Adrian Beltre at home from right field in the second	True
Danny Salazar ( 4 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run in six innings and won his third straight start since being recalled from the minors last month . The right-hander was moved into Friday 's start to replace Justin Masterson , who was traded to St. Louis on Wednesday . Mike Aviles , who will be getting time at shortstop after Asdrubal Cabrera was dealt to Washington on Thursday , drove in three runs . Michael Brantley also had three hits and two RBIs as the Indians finished with 16 hits . Lonnie Chisenhall hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Hamels , who remained in the game after getting hit in the mouth by Tommy La Stella 's grounder in the second inning , retired 20 consecutive Braves before hitting Joey Terdoslavich with a pitch in the seventh inning . Emilio Bonifacio led off the game with home run and Freddie Freeman had an RBI single in the first	True
Ben Revere got a hit to finish tied with Washington Nationals outfielder Dennard Span for most hits in the NL with 184 . A half-game out of first place in the NL East on July 29 , the Braves ended up in a tie for second	False
The Tigers will be in the postseason in some fashion , but the division remains in doubt after Detroit allowed 23 runs to the Twins in two days . Eduardo Escobar had a homer , four hits and a career-high six RBIs on Saturday . The Twins scored six runs in the fifth	True
The Tigers will be in the postseason in some fashion , but the division remains in doubt after Detroit allowed 23 runs to the Twins in two days . Eduardo Escobar had a homer , four hits and a career-high six RBIs on Saturday . The Twins scored six runs in the fifth , with Escobar and Eric Fryer both hitting two - run singles during that big rally . Escobar added a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Rookie Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 2 ) allowed six runs in 4 2/3 innings for the Tigers . Ricky Nolasco ( 6 - 12 ) allowed two runs and five hits , including a solo homer by Detroit 's Nick Castellanos in the second	True
If the Tigers fail to win the division , they 'll be able to point to their struggles against the last-place Twins as a major reason . Beginning with a series in late August , Minnesota has scored 85 runs in 10 games against Detroit , winning six of them . Castellanos put the Tigers up 1 - 0 , but Lobstein -- the left-hander who has given Detroit an unexpected lift down the stretch -- could n't hold off the Twins in the fifth	True
Castellanos put the Tigers up 1 - 0 , but Lobstein -- the left-hander who has given Detroit an unexpected lift down the stretch -- could n't hold off the Twins in the fifth . Minnesota hit eight singles that inning . Tigers left-hander Robbie Ray pitched for the first time in the majors since Sept. 3 . Brian Dozier hit Ray 's first pitch over the fence in left field for his 23rd homer of the year , a solo shot that gave Minnesota a 9 - 2 lead in the eighth	True
Papelbon made his first appearance in Philadelphia since he made a lewd gesture as he left the field , closing out the Phillies ' 5 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night with a scoreless ninth inning . The game was Papelbon 's first	False
Marlon Byrd drove in the go-ahead run with a seventh-inning groundout . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Chris Johnson homered for Atlanta , which dropped its ninth	False
Chris Johnson homered for Atlanta , which dropped its ninth in 11 games while falling to 5 - 18 this month . Philadelphia took the lead in the seventh	True
Chris Johnson homered for Atlanta , which dropped its ninth in 11 games while falling to 5 - 18 this month . Philadelphia took the lead in the seventh off Jordan Walden ( 0 - 2 ) . Ruiz led off with a walk and went to third	False
Chris Johnson homered for Atlanta , which dropped its ninth in 11 games while falling to 5 - 18 this month . Philadelphia took the lead in the seventh off Jordan Walden ( 0 - 2 ) . Ruiz led off with a walk and went to third on Ryan Howard 's one - out double before scoring on Byrd 's groundout to second	False
The Tigers , who have already wrapped up a postseason spot , lead Kansas City by two games with three to play . Scherzer made it through six tough innings , Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Tigers , who have already wrapped up a postseason spot , lead Kansas City by two games with three to play . Scherzer made it through six tough innings , Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first and Miguel Cabrera added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Minnesota 's Trevor May ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Martinez gave Detroit an early lead with his 32nd homer of the year . Cabrera 's 24th made it 3 - 0 , but the Twins made Scherzer work . After escaping trouble in the second	True
Minnesota 's Trevor May ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Martinez gave Detroit an early lead with his 32nd homer of the year . Cabrera 's 24th made it 3 - 0 , but the Twins made Scherzer work . After escaping trouble in the second and fourth	True
Minnesota 's Trevor May ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Martinez gave Detroit an early lead with his 32nd homer of the year . Cabrera 's 24th made it 3 - 0 , but the Twins made Scherzer work . After escaping trouble in the second and fourth , the right-hander allowed a two - run double to Joe Mauer in the fifth	True
Scherzer struck out nine and walked four while throwing 116 pitches . Rajai Davis doubled home an insurance run for Detroit in the seventh	True
The Angels beat their Northern California rival for the seventh time in the last eight meetings to capture the season series 10 - 9 for the first time in four years . The Angels won at the Coliseum for just the third time in nine games . Angels star Mike Trout left the game before the top of the fifth	True
This stretch for Oakland can be best defined as one of wasted pitching performances and devoid of clutch hitting . The A 's rallied with four runs in the seventh	True
This stretch for Oakland can be best defined as one of wasted pitching performances and devoid of clutch hitting . The A 's rallied with four runs in the seventh , including Josh Reddick 's two - run double and an RBI triple by Nick Punto . Adam Dunn struck out as a pinch-hitter to end the inning with runners on first	False
This stretch for Oakland can be best defined as one of wasted pitching performances and devoid of clutch hitting . The A 's rallied with four runs in the seventh , including Josh Reddick 's two - run double and an RBI triple by Nick Punto . Adam Dunn struck out as a pinch-hitter to end the inning with runners on first and second	False
The A 's rallied with four runs in the seventh , including Josh Reddick 's two - run double and an RBI triple by Nick Punto . Adam Dunn struck out as a pinch-hitter to end the inning with runners on first and second . Trout dropped a fly ball in center field for a three - base error in the fourth	True
Rookie Yordano Ventura blanked Cleveland 's punchless offense for seven innings as Kansas City kept pressure on first-place Detroit in the AL Central with a 7 - 1 win over the Indians on Tuesday night . Following the game , the Royals retreated to their clubhouse to watch the ninth inning of the Tigers ' 5 - 4 win over Chicago . As they ate their postgame meals , Kansas City 's players roared loudly when the White Sox scored three runs in the ninth	True
The hard-throwing Ventura ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four singles and threw a 100 mph fastball on his 104th pitch . Salvador Perez 's two - out , two - run double off Danny Salazar ( 6 - 8 ) put the Royals ahead 5 - 0 in the fifth	True
The hard-throwing Ventura ( 14 - 10 ) allowed four singles and threw a 100 mph fastball on his 104th pitch . Salvador Perez 's two - out , two - run double off Danny Salazar ( 6 - 8 ) put the Royals ahead 5 - 0 in the fifth and they turned their attention to the left-field scoreboard to monitor the Tigers ' score . Kansas City remained one game out of first	False
The Indians ' faint playoff hopes grew dimmer . Cleveland trails Kansas City by 4 1/2 games in the wild-card chase with four games remaining . Cleveland 's offense went into a funk at the worst time possible . The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
Omar Infante 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead , and with the Indians ' offense sputtering , Ventura had more than enough cushion to notch his fifth win in six starts and improve to 3 - 0 with a 1.57 ERA in five career starts against the Indians . He 's 7 - 1 with a 2.02 ERA in his last eight starts in the division . In the fifth	True
Salazar was dominant in the early going , getting six strikeouts in the first two innings with each whiff coming on a wicked change-up that badly fooled the Royals hitters . He escaped a threat in the third	True
Salazar was dominant in the early going , getting six strikeouts in the first two innings with each whiff coming on a wicked change-up that badly fooled the Royals hitters . He escaped a threat in the third , but Salazar was n't so fortunate in the fourth	True
Seattle lost its fourth straight thanks to another poor effort by a starting pitcher . Mariners starters have failed to complete five innings in any of the past four games , allowing 27 earned runs over 14 2/3 innings in that span for an ugly ERA of 16.56 . Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) came in with a 2.07 ERA this season and had allowed just three earned runs in 28 innings over four September starts . He gave up a run in the first	True
Hernandez ( 14 - 6 ) came in with a 2.07 ERA this season and had allowed just three earned runs in 28 innings over four September starts . He gave up a run in the first on Encarnacion 's RBI single , but retired the next 11 batters , striking out five . That streak ended in the fifth	True
Trevor Plouffe added four singles and Aaron Hicks two hits and an RBI for the Twins , who won for the 67th time , their highest total since 2010 After getting hit in the right elbow by Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 1 ) in the first inning , Mauer played defense in the second	True
After getting hit in the right elbow by Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 1 ) in the first inning , Mauer played defense in the second before coming out with a bruised elbow . The Twins say he is day to day . Parmelee hit in Mauer 's spot and singled down the left-field line to drive in Hicks and Eduardo Escobar , giving Minnesota a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Chafin gave up four runs on seven hits and was removed after the first two batters he faced in the fourth reached base . Ender Inciarte lined his fourth single of the game to score Cody Ross and make it 6 - 3 in the ninth	True
Chafin gave up four runs on seven hits and was removed after the first two batters he faced in the fourth reached base . Ender Inciarte lined his fourth single of the game to score Cody Ross and make it 6 - 3 in the ninth before Jared Burton got A. J. Pollack to ground out with runners on first	False
Chafin gave up four runs on seven hits and was removed after the first two batters he faced in the fourth reached base . Ender Inciarte lined his fourth single of the game to score Cody Ross and make it 6 - 3 in the ninth before Jared Burton got A. J. Pollack to ground out with runners on first and second	False
Hamels ( 9 - 8 ) allowed seven hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Alvarez issued a two - out walk to Carlos Ruiz in the top of the eighth inning , ending his night after 97 pitches as he was replaced by left-hander Mike Dunn . After Chase Utley singled , Dunn struck out Ryan Howard with runners on first	False
Hamels ( 9 - 8 ) allowed seven hits and two runs in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Alvarez issued a two - out walk to Carlos Ruiz in the top of the eighth inning , ending his night after 97 pitches as he was replaced by left-hander Mike Dunn . After Chase Utley singled , Dunn struck out Ryan Howard with runners on first and second	False
Alvarez issued a two - out walk to Carlos Ruiz in the top of the eighth inning , ending his night after 97 pitches as he was replaced by left-hander Mike Dunn . After Chase Utley singled , Dunn struck out Ryan Howard with runners on first and second to end the inning . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth	True
Hamels got into trouble in the fourth inning when he allowed consecutive singles to Jeff Baker , Jarrod Saltalamacchia , and Lucas -- who drove in Baker with his base hit to center . The Marlins extended the lead to 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Marlins extended the lead to 2 - 0 in the fifth after Christian Yelich doubled and eventually scored on a sacrifice fly by McGehee . Only two Phillies runners advanced to scoring position against Alvarez , who calmly retired the next batter each time to end the second	True
Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer for St. Louis . Pat Neshek ( 7 - 2 ) took the loss . With the score tied at 3 , Anthony Rizzo hit a one - out double off the base of the wall in right-center and advanced to third	False
Luis Valbuena was intentionally walked to get to Castillo , who drove the ball into the right-center gap . Rizzo scored easily . The Cubs jumped on St. Louis early , grabbing a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cubs jumped on St. Louis early , grabbing a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Valbuena led off with a walk and Castillo followed with a two - run drive deep into the left-field bleachers . The margin grew to 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
The margin grew to 3 - 0 in the fifth when Szczur led off with a solo homer against Miller that just made the first row of bleachers in left-center . St. Louis got on the board in the sixth	True
DeGrom allowed three hits , three walks and two runs -- one earned -- as he threw 63 of 100 pitches for strikes . In his last 15 starts , the rookie is 9 - 2 with a 1.90 ERA over 99 1/3 innings . DeGrom , who retired the first 12 hitters he faced , also used his bat , earning his second career RBI with a squeeze bunt that put New York ahead 6 - 2 in the sixth	True
The light-hitting Braves dropped to 8 - 60 when scoring two runs or less and got swept for the seventh time this year in a series of three or more games . Atlanta began the day ranked next-to-last in runs scored in the majors and was third	False
Shortstop Andrelton Simmons said it was hard to believe the team has been such a mess offensively . The Mets went up in the first	True
Shortstop Andrelton Simmons said it was hard to believe the team has been such a mess offensively . The Mets went up in the first on Daniel Murphy 's RBI groundout and 2 - 0 in the second	True
The Mets went up in the first on Daniel Murphy 's RBI groundout and 2 - 0 in the second on Tejada 's sacrifice fly . They led 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
Santana gave up six hits and five runs with two walks and four strikeouts in five innings . Atlanta made it 5 - 2 in the fifth	True
With eight games to play for both teams , Toronto is 5 games back for an AL wild card and the Yankees are 4 . Seattle , which lost , fell a half-game behind Kansas City , and Cleveland beat Minnesota to climb within 3 games of Kansas City . Danny Valencia hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the sixth	True
With most of the 47,292 fans at Yankee Stadium standing and chanting `` Der-ek Je-ter ! '' his every at-bat , the retiring captain doubled and singled for his third straight multihit game . He also scored his 1,920th run to pass suspended teammate Alex Rodriguez for ninth place on the career list . Jeter hit an RBI double down the left-field line off Brandon Morrow in the ninth	True
Bautista scored four times and reached base all five plate appearances , walking three times to pass 100 for the third time in his career . The All-Star right fielder connected leading off the seventh	True
The All-Star right fielder connected leading off the seventh against Chase Whitley , giving him 34 homers and 101 RBIs this year . His eight homers against New York are tied for most against one team this season , according to STATS . The Cubs ' Anthony Rizzo has eight against Cincinnati . Edwin Encarnacion had an RBI double in the first	True
The All-Star right fielder connected leading off the seventh against Chase Whitley , giving him 34 homers and 101 RBIs this year . His eight homers against New York are tied for most against one team this season , according to STATS . The Cubs ' Anthony Rizzo has eight against Cincinnati . Edwin Encarnacion had an RBI double in the first off Chris Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) , but the Yankees took a lead with runs in the third	True
The All-Star right fielder connected leading off the seventh against Chase Whitley , giving him 34 homers and 101 RBIs this year . His eight homers against New York are tied for most against one team this season , according to STATS . The Cubs ' Anthony Rizzo has eight against Cincinnati . Edwin Encarnacion had an RBI double in the first off Chris Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) , but the Yankees took a lead with runs in the third and fourth	True
Edwin Encarnacion had an RBI double in the first off Chris Capuano ( 2 - 4 ) , but the Yankees took a lead with runs in the third and fourth . Jeter singled off the glove of diving second baseman Steve Tolleson and scored on McCann 's single after advancing on a wild pitch in the third	True
Dustin Ackley hit two solo homers , and Mike Zunino and Kyle Seager each hit three - run shots in a seven - run fourth inning as Mariners cruised to a 10 - 5 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Ackley homered in the third	True
Peacock allowed six hits and seven runs -- two earned -- with four walks in 3 1/3 innings in a game where seven of Seattle 's 10 runs were unearned . Ackley tied it at 1 with a home run in the third inning . His second homer was off Darin Downs and pushed the lead to 9 - 3 in the eighth	True
They did n't need any Thursday , taking control with a five - run fourth -- doing all that scoring with two outs . Wilson Ramos ' double started the flurry by driving home Anthony Rendon to tie the game , and the Nationals were on their way . Frandsen had Washington 's sixth	False
It just did n't carry over to the field , and the Marlins lost for the sixth time in nine games . Johnson had an RBI double in the second	True
The Pirates got a lucky break when Boston pinch-runner Jemile Weeks was hit by a batted ball in the ninth inning , beating the Red Sox 3 - 2 to increase their lead in the NL playoff race . The Pirates won their fourth	False
There are nine games left in Boston 's misbegotten season . But after another loss Thursday , John Farrell may wonder what pitfalls may yet await before the season mercifully draws to a close , Gordon Edes writes . Down 3 - 2 , the Red Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the ninth	True
There are nine games left in Boston 's misbegotten season . But after another loss Thursday , John Farrell may wonder what pitfalls may yet await before the season mercifully draws to a close , Gordon Edes writes . Down 3 - 2 , the Red Sox put runners at the corners with no outs in the ninth against Mark Melancon . Will Middlebrooks then hit a chopper down the line and ball struck the back of Weeks ' left leg as he made a dive back to third	False
The second-year righty improved 7 - 1 in nine career September starts . Starling Marte hit his 13th homer , connecting off Brandon Workman ( 1 - 10 ) in the fifth	True
Starling Marte hit his 13th homer , connecting off Brandon Workman ( 1 - 10 ) in the fifth for a 3 - 1 lead . Workman lost his 10th straight decision . Boston had closed to 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
Chris Valaika , Ryan Kalish and Luis Valbuena each had a run-scoring hit as the Cubs won their third straight . They improved to 38 - 36 at Wrigley Field despite being 16 games under .500 overall . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth	True
The Reds , with a makeshift lineup of mostly backups and September call-ups , did n't waste any time jumping on top . Leadoff batter Kristopher Negron started the game with a double and later scored on a grounder by Yorman Rodriguez . But that was all the Reds could manage . Their best scoring opportunity after the opening inning came in the seventh	True
But that was all the Reds could manage . Their best scoring opportunity after the opening inning came in the seventh when , with two on and two out , Negron hit a liner toward the left-field wall that Chris Coghlan caught before running and jumping into the ivy . The Cubs scored twice in the second	True
But that was all the Reds could manage . Their best scoring opportunity after the opening inning came in the seventh when , with two on and two out , Negron hit a liner toward the left-field wall that Chris Coghlan caught before running and jumping into the ivy . The Cubs scored twice in the second . Soler walked and later scored on a single by Valaika . Kalish hit a double to center that appeared to score two runners , but Valaika was sent back to third	False
It did n't take Kansas City long to take the lead for good . In the bottom of the third	True
He did n't look like it on this night . Escobar added his solo shot off Sale with two outs in the fourth	True
Escobar added his solo shot off Sale with two outs in the fourth . Escobar 's third homer of the season and first since May 11 landed in almost the exact same spot as Cain 's home run . Aoki doubled in the first inning , singled in the third	True
Escobar added his solo shot off Sale with two outs in the fourth . Escobar 's third homer of the season and first since May 11 landed in almost the exact same spot as Cain 's home run . Aoki doubled in the first inning , singled in the third and fourth	True
Escobar added his solo shot off Sale with two outs in the fourth . Escobar 's third homer of the season and first since May 11 landed in almost the exact same spot as Cain 's home run . Aoki doubled in the first inning , singled in the third and fourth and walked in the sixth	True
Castillo 's arrival in the Red Sox clubhouse on Wednesday afternoon ended a quick tour of the team 's minor league system . He made stops at three different levels before coming up to Boston to stay . While manager John Farrell stressed the final games of an otherwise lost season are simply a chance for Castillo to `` get acclimated '' to life in the big leagues , the 27-year-old believes it wo n't take long for him to get up to speed . He provided a brief glimpse of what 's to come in the fourth	True
Castillo 's arrival in the Red Sox clubhouse on Wednesday afternoon ended a quick tour of the team 's minor league system . He made stops at three different levels before coming up to Boston to stay . While manager John Farrell stressed the final games of an otherwise lost season are simply a chance for Castillo to `` get acclimated '' to life in the big leagues , the 27-year-old believes it wo n't take long for him to get up to speed . He provided a brief glimpse of what 's to come in the fourth when he ripped a sharp grounder to second	False
Polanco wasted little time drumming Buchholz , who had n't given up a homer in his last 36 innings . There was no chance to make it 37 after Polanco drilled a Buchholz fastball into the seats in right for his seventh homer of the season and first since Aug. 10 . The lead ballooned to 4 - 0 in the second behind a two - run double by Clint Barmes . Walker golfed a Buchholz pitch into the first row of seats in right for his 21st homer of the season in the third	True
SAN DIEGO -- Andrew Cashner was not happy about the way his no-hitter was broken up . Dominic Brown 's fifth-inning bunt against the shift with one out in the fifth	True
Dominic Brown 's fifth-inning bunt against the shift with one out in the fifth was the Phillies first hit , and Cashner finished with a two - hitter as the San Diego Padres beat the Philadelphia Phillies 1 - 0 on Monday night . Marlon Byrd singled in the eighth	True
After Brown reached , Wil Nieves followed with a pop up to Jedd Gyorko , with Brown running on the pitch . Brown was doubled off when he neglected to re-touch second returning to first base . The Padres scored after Rivera opened the second	True
After Brown reached , Wil Nieves followed with a pop up to Jedd Gyorko , with Brown running on the pitch . Brown was doubled off when he neglected to re-touch second returning to first base . The Padres scored after Rivera opened the second with a double and later Cashner hit a hard grounder to Asche at third	False
A top contender for NL Rookie of the Year , deGrom equaled Deshaies ' mark by freezing Mathis with a 95 mph fastball . The right-hander then gave up a sharp single to Cosart on a 1 - 0 pitch and received a warm ovation from the Citi Field crowd of 23,027 . Despite squandering a two - run lead , deGrom was in line to win before Miami scored three in the eighth	True
Despite squandering a two - run lead , deGrom was in line to win before Miami scored three in the eighth against New York 's best relievers . Jeurys Familia ( 2 - 5 ) gave up four straight hits , and Mathis delivered a two - out single off closer Jenrry Mejia . With the bases loaded , Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) threw a called third strike past Dilson Herrera to end the seventh	True
With the bases loaded , Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) threw a called third strike past Dilson Herrera to end the seventh . Steve Cishek closed for his 36th save in 40 chances . Miami finally solved deGrom in the seventh	True
Casey McGehee 's error at third base helped the Mets take a 5 - 3 lead with three unearned runs in the bottom half . Daniel Murphy hit an RBI single , Travis d'Arnaud broke his bat on a go-ahead double and reliever A. J. Ramos walked three consecutive batters to force in a run . Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double off Cosart in the first	True
Miley ( 8 - 11 ) bounced back from his shortest outing of the season by slowing down his mechanics , allowing one run . Trumbo started Arizona 's homestand strong and kept it going against the Giants , hitting his ninth homer off Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) in the third inning and a run-scoring single off Juan Gutierrez in the seventh	True
Trumbo started Arizona 's homestand strong and kept it going against the Giants , hitting his ninth homer off Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) in the third inning and a run-scoring single off Juan Gutierrez in the seventh . Trumbo has six hits and nine RBIs the past three games . Vogelsong pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings against the Diamondbacks his last outing , but was in trouble by the third	True
Vogelsong pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings against the Diamondbacks his last outing , but was in trouble by the third in his 30th start of the season . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases against him and Trumbo cashed in , ending a 120 at-bat homerless streak by lifting his second career grand slam just over the wall in right . Arizona loaded the bases again in the sixth	True
Miley had his shortest outing of the season his last start against the Giants , lasting just two innings after giving up three runs and five hits . The left-hander tried to throw too hard in that outing and spent the days in between trying to slow things down . He did against the Giants in his 100th career start , escaping a jam in the second inning and giving up one run on Brandon Crawford 's groundout in the seventh	True
The Royals remain a half-game behind Detroit in the AL Central standings . After losing four of their previous five games , it was important for the Royals to keep pace with the Tigers . Nori Aoki , batting second	False
Nori Aoki , batting second for the first time this season , and Alex Gordon , who snapped an 0 - for - 22 skid , each had two hits , scored a run and drove in a run . Alcides Escobar also had two hits , including a double to start the game . Infante , who usually bats second	False
Nori Aoki , batting second for the first time this season , and Alex Gordon , who snapped an 0 - for - 22 skid , each had two hits , scored a run and drove in a run . Alcides Escobar also had two hits , including a double to start the game . Infante , who usually bats second , was dropped to seventh	False
Nori Aoki , batting second for the first time this season , and Alex Gordon , who snapped an 0 - for - 22 skid , each had two hits , scored a run and drove in a run . Alcides Escobar also had two hits , including a double to start the game . Infante , who usually bats second , was dropped to seventh and responded with three singles , including an eighth-inning single that scored Lorenzo Cain . He also drove in a run in the third	True
Guthrie ( 11 - 11 ) , who was roughed up for eight runs on 10 hits in 2 innings in a loss Monday at Detroit , allowed three hits and one unearned run in eight innings . After David Ortiz 's single in the third	True
Fifteen of Guthrie 's 24 outs were fly outs , with center fielder Jarrod Dyson tracking down nine . Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 7 ) was pulled after four innings and 65 pitches , permitting five runs on six hits . He balked home Salvador Perez , who had an RBI double in the three - run third	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Francisco Liriano tossed eight dominant innings against Philadelphia . The only time the Phillies managed to score was in the ninth	True
He finished three strikeouts shy of his career-best of 15 . Mark Melancon allowed one of two runners left by Jared Hughes to score in the ninth	True
The Pirates got on the board when Davis , in a 2 - for - 18 slump , singled to score Martin in the second inning . In the sixth	True
Jonathan Villar hit a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning to lift Collin McHugh and the Astros to a 2 - 1 victory over Seattle . Logan Morrison homered off McHugh in the eighth	True
Logan Morrison homered off McHugh in the eighth to tie it , but Houston countered and dropped the Mariners a half-game out in the race for the second AL wild card . With two outs in the ninth	True
Logan Morrison homered off McHugh in the eighth to tie it , but Houston countered and dropped the Mariners a half-game out in the race for the second AL wild card . With two outs in the ninth , Yoervis Medina ( 4 - 3 ) walked Jon Singleton and he advanced to second	False
Logan Morrison homered off McHugh in the eighth to tie it , but Houston countered and dropped the Mariners a half-game out in the race for the second AL wild card . With two outs in the ninth , Yoervis Medina ( 4 - 3 ) walked Jon Singleton and he advanced to second on a wild pitch . Singleton moved to third	False
Houston ( 64 - 81 ) has won 13 of 21 , and the Astros are nearly halfway through a stretch that has them facing playoff contenders in 18 straight games . McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) permitted only two hits in eight innings -- an infield single in the fourth	True
McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) permitted only two hits in eight innings -- an infield single in the fourth and Morrison 's long homer off the facade of the second deck in right field . The right-hander struck out four and walked none . Josh Fields worked the ninth	True
Roenis Elias pitched six innings for the Mariners , allowing one run and six hits . He walked two and struck out four . The Astros scored with two outs in the fourth	True
Roenis Elias pitched six innings for the Mariners , allowing one run and six hits . He walked two and struck out four . The Astros scored with two outs in the fourth . With Jake Marisnick on first	False
In his attempt to gather it in , right fielder Michael Saunders bobbled the ball twice . That allowed Marisnick to beat the relay home on the double . A replay review kept the Astros off the board in the sixth	True
A replay review kept the Astros off the board in the sixth . With two outs and runners on first	False
A replay review kept the Astros off the board in the sixth . With two outs and runners on first and second	False
With two outs and runners on first and second , Singleton bounced a grounder to the right of Morrison at first base . He made a high toss to Elias covering . Elias leaped for the ball and came down on the bag at the same time as Singleton . Singleton was ruled safe , and Chris Carter raced across the plate . McClendon challenged the call at first	False
Singleton was ruled safe , and Chris Carter raced across the plate . McClendon challenged the call at first , which was reversed . Joe Beimel pitched to one batter in the ninth	True
The Pirates entered the night with a 1 1/2-game lead over Atlanta and Milwaukee for the second NL wild card . The last-place Phillies have won 10 of 15 . Galvis led off the seventh	True
The Pirates entered the night with a 1 1/2-game lead over Atlanta and Milwaukee for the second NL wild card . The last-place Phillies have won 10 of 15 . Galvis led off the seventh with a grounder to deep shortstop for a single off Justin Wilson ( 3 - 4 ) . After a pair of strikeouts , Galvis stole second	False
Galvis led off the seventh with a grounder to deep shortstop for a single off Justin Wilson ( 3 - 4 ) . After a pair of strikeouts , Galvis stole second . He scored on Franco 's hit to right . Galvis hit a drive way out to right to tie it at 3 in the fifth	True
Galvis hit a drive way out to right to tie it at 3 in the fifth . The Pirates lost a run after a video review showed that a fan reached over the fence and touched Starling Marte 's drive to left-center in the fifth	True
Galvis hit a drive way out to right to tie it at 3 in the fifth . The Pirates lost a run after a video review showed that a fan reached over the fence and touched Starling Marte 's drive to left-center in the fifth . Marte was awarded a double instead of a homer and was stranded at third	False
The Pirates lost a run after a video review showed that a fan reached over the fence and touched Starling Marte 's drive to left-center in the fifth . Marte was awarded a double instead of a homer and was stranded at third . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chase Utley 's RBI single . Franco hit a popup to shallow right that fell for a double when second baseman Neil Walker could n't see it in the lights . Jordy Mercer 's RBI double in the second tied it at 1 . Russell Martin hit a two - run double to right , giving the Pirates a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
Jordy Mercer 's RBI double in the second tied it at 1 . Russell Martin hit a two - run double to right , giving the Pirates a 3 - 2 lead in the third . Phillies starter David Buchanan helped himself with an RBI single after Galvis hit a double off the right-field wall in the second	True
The Mariners moved one game behind Oakland , which lost to the White Sox , 5 - 4 in 12 innings , for the first AL wild card and are one game ahead of Detroit for the second playoff spot . With one out in the eighth	True
The Mariners moved one game behind Oakland , which lost to the White Sox , 5 - 4 in 12 innings , for the first AL wild card and are one game ahead of Detroit for the second playoff spot . With one out in the eighth , Mike Zunino worked a walk off Michael Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) . James Jones pinch ran for him and stole second	False
Austin Jackson followed with a single to center . Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) worked the eighth	True
Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) worked the eighth for the victory . Fernando Rodney , despite putting two on in the ninth	True
Fernando Rodney , despite putting two on in the ninth and throwing 30 pitches , picked up his AL-leading 44th save in his 47th opportunity . Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) worked the eighth	True
Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) worked the eighth for the victory . Fernando Rodney put two on in the ninth	True
Astros starter Brad Peacock entered with a 5.01 ERA , but he allowed just four hits , walked two and struck out six in five innings . Miller delivered a two - out RBI single in the sixth	True
The Pirates swept the three - game series against the last-place Cubs to improve to 12 - 4 against Chicago this season , including 7 - 2 at Wrigley Field . Coupled with Milwaukee 's 9 - 1 loss to St. Louis , they moved a half-game ahead of the Brewers for the last wild card . Cole hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
The Pirates swept the three - game series against the last-place Cubs to improve to 12 - 4 against Chicago this season , including 7 - 2 at Wrigley Field . Coupled with Milwaukee 's 9 - 1 loss to St. Louis , they moved a half-game ahead of the Brewers for the last wild card . Cole hit a two - run shot in the seventh for the last of Pittsburgh 's four homers . Neil Walker hit a two - run shot in the first	True
The Pirates swept the three - game series against the last-place Cubs to improve to 12 - 4 against Chicago this season , including 7 - 2 at Wrigley Field . Coupled with Milwaukee 's 9 - 1 loss to St. Louis , they moved a half-game ahead of the Brewers for the last wild card . Cole hit a two - run shot in the seventh for the last of Pittsburgh 's four homers . Neil Walker hit a two - run shot in the first and Jordy Mercer and Andrew McCutchen connected in consecutive at-bats in the second	True
Chicago had won three in a row before the visit from Pittsburgh . Travis Wood ( 8 - 12 ) was tagged for seven runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings , making the left-hander just 1 - 7 with a 5.86 ERA in his last 15 starts . The Pirates scored five times in the second	True
Pittsburgh finished with 19 hits . Walker , McCutchen and Gaby Sanchez had three apiece . Sanchez hit an RBI single off Eric Jokisch to make it 8 - 0 in the fourth	True
Sanchez hit an RBI single off Eric Jokisch to make it 8 - 0 in the fourth . The Cubs had a 19-inning scoring drought before Mike Olt 's RBI single in the fifth	False
Sanchez hit an RBI single off Eric Jokisch to make it 8 - 0 in the fourth . The Cubs had a 19-inning scoring drought before Mike Olt 's RBI single in the fifth . Welington Castillo added an RBI double in the sixth	False
The Cubs had a 19-inning scoring drought before Mike Olt 's RBI single in the fifth . Welington Castillo added an RBI double in the sixth . Olt went 3 for 3 with a walk , and Matt Szczur had a two - run single in the seventh	False
Yunel Escobar scored on Nick Hundley 's passed ball with two outs in ninth inning Saturday , giving the Rays a 3 - 2 win over the Baltimore Orioles . Escobar reached first	False
Yunel Escobar scored on Nick Hundley 's passed ball with two outs in ninth inning Saturday , giving the Rays a 3 - 2 win over the Baltimore Orioles . Escobar reached first on a throwing error by shortstop Ryan Flaherty leading off the ninth	True
Yunel Escobar scored on Nick Hundley 's passed ball with two outs in ninth inning Saturday , giving the Rays a 3 - 2 win over the Baltimore Orioles . Escobar reached first on a throwing error by shortstop Ryan Flaherty leading off the ninth , took second	False
Yunel Escobar scored on Nick Hundley 's passed ball with two outs in ninth inning Saturday , giving the Rays a 3 - 2 win over the Baltimore Orioles . Escobar reached first on a throwing error by shortstop Ryan Flaherty leading off the ninth , took second on Kevin Kiermaier 's sacrifice bunt and advanced to third	False
Playing its 2,733rd regular-season game , Tampa Bay won for the first time on a game-ending passed ball , according to STATS . Baltimore had not lost on a walkoff passed ball since at least 1974 , STATS said . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) struck out two during a perfect ninth	True
Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) struck out two during a perfect ninth to beat the Orioles for the second straight day . The AL East leaders were coming off a 9 - 2 homestand . Baltimore had tied the score in the eighth	True
Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) struck out two during a perfect ninth to beat the Orioles for the second straight day . The AL East leaders were coming off a 9 - 2 homestand . Baltimore had tied the score in the eighth when Rays closer Jake McGee walked Steve Pearce , pinch-runner Quintin Berry advanced when McGee made an errant pickoff attempt for an error and Nelson Cruz singled for his 94th RBI . Delmon Young lined to third baseman Evan Longoria , who threw to second	False
It was a rare one - run win for Cincinnati , which is the worst in the majors at such close games with a 21 - 34 mark . Frazier 's second homer in two days tied it in the sixth	True
It was a rare one - run win for Cincinnati , which is the worst in the majors at such close games with a 21 - 34 mark . Frazier 's second homer in two days tied it in the sixth against Dillon Gee ( 6 - 7 ) . Heisey pinch-hit for Cueto with two outs in the seventh	False
Frazier 's second homer in two days tied it in the sixth against Dillon Gee ( 6 - 7 ) . Heisey pinch-hit for Cueto with two outs in the seventh and broke the 1-all tie with his eighth homer . It was Heisey 's fourth pinch-hit homer of the season . Aroldis Chapman relieved and got the last four outs for his 30th save in 32 chances , escaping a threat in the ninth	True
They wasted early chances against Cueto , getting five hits in the first two innings but scoring only once . Travis d'Arnaud extended his hitting tear with a leadoff double in the second	True
Travis d'Arnaud extended his hitting tear with a leadoff double in the second and came around on Herrera 's single . Cueto retired 13 in a row until Lucas Duda walked with two outs in the sixth	True
Neither could Harang . Bourjos made a nice running catch to rob Chase Utley of extra bases and an RBI to end the seventh	True
Howard 's throw home on Matt Carpenter 's grounder to first base was not quick enough to catch Bourjos , who slid in ahead of catcher Carlos Ruiz 's tag . The Phillies unsuccessfully challenged the call , believing that Bourjos might have been late getting his foot on the base . Adams and Jhonny Peralta added RBIs later in the inning . Kolten Wong had a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Adams and Jhonny Peralta added RBIs later in the inning . Kolten Wong had a two - out RBI single in the second to give St. Louis the early lead . Howard hit his fourth homer in the fourth	True
Howard hit his fourth homer in the fourth , a drive just over the fence into the home bullpen in right that gave him 39 RBIs in 33 career games in St. Louis . He grounded out his other three at-bats against an over-shifted defense , each time to Wong , the second baseman , standing in shallow right field . Howard batted fifth behind Jeff Francoeur and hedged at first	False
The right-hander got another opportunity to close out a game Tuesday night and sealed Miami 's 4 - 3 victory over the Mets after Michael Morse hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning . Cishek walked leadoff hitter Curtis Granderson in the ninth	True
It was the Marlins ' first win against the Mets this season in six tries . Miami has won six of seven overall . Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Juan Lagares hit a three - run double and Murphy had three hits for the Mets ( 15 - 6 ) , who lost for only the third time in 16 games . Carlos Torres ( 1 - 1 ) walked two in the eighth	True
It was Morse 's first RBI since April 18 . New York right-hander Rafael Montero was given a spot start to rest regular members of the rotation an extra day . He took a shutout into the sixth	True
Montero retired his first nine batters , five on strikeouts . The Marlins scored three times in the sixth	True
Buddy Carlyle came in and threw a wild pitch that resulted in another run . Trailing 3 - 0 , the Mets loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Ortiz also connected with two runners on , and Hanley Ramirez added a solo shot for the Red Sox , who have won three of five this season against the defending AL East champions . Ortiz is known for hitting long balls . Holt is not . Although the 5-foot-10 , 180-pound Holt was batting eighth	False
Jimmy Paredes and Chris Davis homered for the last-place Orioles , whose five - game skid is their longest since September 2013 . After Tommy Hunter retired the first two Boston batters in the eighth	True
Holt then brought home three unearned runs with his fifth career homer . Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Machado with two outs and the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Machado with two outs and the bases loaded in the seventh after Everth Cabrera hit a tying sacrifice fly . Junichi Tazawa gave up a solo shot to Davis in the eighth	False
Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) struck out Machado with two outs and the bases loaded in the seventh after Everth Cabrera hit a tying sacrifice fly . Junichi Tazawa gave up a solo shot to Davis in the eighth , but Koji Uehara worked the ninth	False
Boston starter Rick Porcello gave up four runs and six hits in six - plus innings . In his previous outing , also against Baltimore , the right-hander allowed eight runs and a career-high 12 hits . Porcello struck out the first five batters he faced and did n't give up a hit until Machado singled with one out in the fourth	True
The advantage did n't last long . Gonzalez retired the first two batters in the fifth	True
Josh Donaldson hit a two - run homer , Hutchison pitched eight strong innings and the Toronto Blue Jays completed a three - game sweep of Baltimore , beating the Orioles 7 - 6 on Thursday night . Hutchison ( 2 - 0 ) was perfect through five innings before Manny Machado drilled a first-pitch homer in the sixth	True
Hutchison allowed two runs and four hits , walked none and struck out a season-high seven in the longest outing by a Blue Jays starter this season . The right-hander had failed to finish the fifth	True
Toronto won for the fourth time in five games and finished its season opening homestand at 5 - 5 . The Orioles have lost four straight . Machado added a three - run drive off Miguel Castro in the ninth	True
Castro got the final two outs for his fourth save . Rookie Devon Travis opened the scoring with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third	True
Castro got the final two outs for his fourth save . Rookie Devon Travis opened the scoring with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third and Donaldson followed with a drive off the facing of the third deck in left , his fourth	False
Rookie Devon Travis opened the scoring with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third and Donaldson followed with a drive off the facing of the third deck in left , his fourth . The Blue Jays added three more in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays added three more in the fourth . Danny Valencia doubled home a run and Kevin Pillar hit a two - run double that bounced off the third base bag . Orioles right-hander Chris Tillman ( 2 - 2 ) left after issuing a one - out walk to Justin Smoak in the fifth	True
Tillman allowed seven runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He 's 0 - 2 with an 18.00 ERA in two starts against Toronto . Travis Snider hit a fielder 's choice grounder in the seventh	True
Tillman allowed seven runs and five hits in 4 1/3 innings . He 's 0 - 2 with an 18.00 ERA in two starts against Toronto . Travis Snider hit a fielder 's choice grounder in the seventh and an RBI single off Liam Hendriks in the ninth	True
CHICAGO -- The Kansas City Royals stayed in their fighting mood . They also stayed in their winning mood . A benches-clearing fight led to five ejections several innings before Eric Hosmer hit the go-ahead double in the 13th	True
A benches-clearing fight led to five ejections several innings before Eric Hosmer hit the go-ahead double in the 13th to lead the Royals to a 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Thursday night . With two outs , Hosmer 's hit off Chicago 's Jake Petricka ( 0 - 1 ) brought in Jarrod Dyson . Wade Davis then pitched a scoreless 13th	True
He got to the bottom of a pile after what looked like a routine play . In the seventh	True
He got to the bottom of a pile after what looked like a routine play . In the seventh , Yordano Ventura snagged a grounder from Chicago outfielder Adam Eaton and they appeared to exchange words before Ventura threw to first	False
Chicago pitcher Jeff Samardzija was one of five ejected , and his actions did n't gain the Royals ' approval . The play was the culmination of tensions that seemed to rise during the game and carry over from their season-opening series earlier this month when the teams combined to hit six batters . In the bottom of the fourth	True
Chicago pitcher Jeff Samardzija was one of five ejected , and his actions did n't gain the Royals ' approval . The play was the culmination of tensions that seemed to rise during the game and carry over from their season-opening series earlier this month when the teams combined to hit six batters . In the bottom of the fourth , Ventura hit Jose Abreu . In the top of the fifth	False
The failed chances eventually ran out and the Astros were unable to complete a three - game sweep against Seattle , falling 3 - 2 to the Mariners . Down a run , Houston loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth	True
Down a run , Houston loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth off Mariners reliever Yoervis Medina , who had walked three in the inning . Chris Carter , who homered an inning earlier , struck out to end the threat . The Astros then put runners on the corners with one out in the ninth	False
Down a run , Houston loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth off Mariners reliever Yoervis Medina , who had walked three in the inning . Chris Carter , who homered an inning earlier , struck out to end the threat . The Astros then put runners on the corners with one out in the ninth after back-to-back singles by Jake Marisnick and Jose Altuve . But Seattle closer Fernando Rodney induced an infield popup and groundout to second	False
The Seattle bullpen 's ability to get through the final two innings unscathed preserved J. A. Happ 's first win with the Mariners . Acquired in an offseason trade , Happ ( 1 - 1 ) won his third start . He gave up two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings , walking none and striking out five . Happ ran into trouble in the seventh	True
The Seattle bullpen 's ability to get through the final two innings unscathed preserved J. A. Happ 's first win with the Mariners . Acquired in an offseason trade , Happ ( 1 - 1 ) won his third start . He gave up two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings , walking none and striking out five . Happ ran into trouble in the seventh after allowing a leadoff home run to Carter -- the first	False
The Seattle bullpen 's ability to get through the final two innings unscathed preserved J. A. Happ 's first win with the Mariners . Acquired in an offseason trade , Happ ( 1 - 1 ) won his third start . He gave up two runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings , walking none and striking out five . Happ ran into trouble in the seventh after allowing a leadoff home run to Carter -- the first of the season for the slugger , who tied for second	False
Happ ran into trouble in the seventh after allowing a leadoff home run to Carter -- the first of the season for the slugger , who tied for second in the majors last year with 37 home runs -- and single to Colby Rasmus . Happ immediately induced a double play and got out of the inning with a fly ball . After retiring the first batter of the eighth	True
Houston starter Roberto Hernandez ( 0 - 2 ) stumbled early , but eventually settled down to pitch seven innings . Austin Jackson singled , stole second	False
Austin Jackson singled , stole second and scored on Nelson Cruz 's single to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . Mike Zunino hit a solo home run in the third	True
Austin Jackson singled , stole second and scored on Nelson Cruz 's single to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . Mike Zunino hit a solo home run in the third and Brad Miller singled home Logan Morrison in the fourth	True
Mike Zunino hit a solo home run in the third and Brad Miller singled home Logan Morrison in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Jose Altuve hit an RBI single with two outs in the Houston fifth	True
Royals starter Jeremy Guthrie ( 0 - 1 ) gave up all three runs and six hits with a career high-tying six walks in five innings . The Twins scored all their runs in the first	True
The Twins scored all their runs in the first on three hits , two walks and a hit batter . Oswaldo Arcia was hit by Guthrie with the bases loaded to bring home Brian Dozier . Kennys Vargas and Dozier singled in the other two runs . Guthrie induced Kurt Suzuki to ground into a double play with the bases loaded to end the inning and prevent further damage . The Twins loaded the bases in the second	True
The Twins loaded the bases in the second on Torii Hunter 's double and walks to Joe Mauer and Dozier . However , Hunter was out trying to steal home to end the inning . Guthrie did not allow a run after the first	True
The home run that started it landed on the batter 's eye beyond center field . Encarnacion 's second	False
The home run that started it landed on the batter 's eye beyond center field . Encarnacion 's second , his fourth	False
Cole quickly changed course and the Brewers managed just one baserunner in his final four innings . Pedro Alvarez hit his fourth homer of the season for the Pirates . Josh Harrison had two hits and Chris Stewart added a two - run single in the sixth	True
Cole quickly changed course and the Brewers managed just one baserunner in his final four innings . Pedro Alvarez hit his fourth homer of the season for the Pirates . Josh Harrison had two hits and Chris Stewart added a two - run single in the sixth off Matt Garza ( 1 - 2 ) . Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
The Pirates began the series hitting just .207 as a team , the lowest in the National League . That number improved to .222 after a weekend in which Pittsburgh outscored the reeling Brewers 17 - 7 . Milwaukee 's shaky play did little to help Garza . An error , a wild pitch and an RBI single by Andrew McCutchen put the Pirates ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
The Pirates began the series hitting just .207 as a team , the lowest in the National League . That number improved to .222 after a weekend in which Pittsburgh outscored the reeling Brewers 17 - 7 . Milwaukee 's shaky play did little to help Garza . An error , a wild pitch and an RBI single by Andrew McCutchen put the Pirates ahead 2 - 0 in the first . The Brewers evened it in the second	True
In his previous start , Oakland tagged him for eight runs in five innings . Luke Gregerson threw a perfect ninth	True
Garrett Richards ( 0 - 1 ) , making his first start since having knee surgery late last season , gave up three earned runs on five hits and four walks in five innings . Richards struck out four . He fanned a swinging Jed Lowrie in the fifth	True
Richards walked two in the first inning before escaping a bases-loaded jam . Valbuena 's two - run shot in the third put Houston on top 2 - 0 . Cron 's homer tied it in the fourth	True
Valbuena 's two - run shot in the third put Houston on top 2 - 0 . Cron 's homer tied it in the fourth . The wild throw by Butera allowed George Springer to score the go-ahead run , and put runners on second	False
Valbuena 's two - run shot in the third put Houston on top 2 - 0 . Cron 's homer tied it in the fourth . The wild throw by Butera allowed George Springer to score the go-ahead run , and put runners on second and third	False
The wild throw by Butera allowed George Springer to score the go-ahead run , and put runners on second and third . Jason Castro followed with an RBI single on a dribbler to make it 4 - 2 . Pujols connected against Pat Neshek in the eighth	True
The curtain call concept was new to him . Heyward 's homer backed a strong six - inning pitching performance by Carlos Martinez as the Cardinals won their fourth	False
Carpenter , who has six successive multihit games , improved to 17 for 29 ( .586 ) lifetime against Bailey . His two - run double in the sixth pushed the lead to 5 - 1 and chased Bailey . Matt Adams put St. Louis in front with an RBI single in the first	True
Holliday left the game after scoring with stiffness in his back . Holliday , who has hit safely in all 10 games this season , is day-to-day . Yadier Molina made it 3 - 0 with a run-scoring double in the fourth	True
Justin Upton homered with two outs in the eighth inning to give the Padres a 3 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Wednesday night . Upton , one of several star players obtained in an offseason roster revamp , hit the first pitch he saw from Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) into the seats in left . It was his third	False
Upton , one of several star players obtained in an offseason roster revamp , hit the first pitch he saw from Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) into the seats in left . It was his third . Upton also homered in a 5 - 1 win Tuesday night . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
The Padres added stars Upton , Matt Kemp , Wil Myers and Will Middlebrooks to pump up the worst offense in the majors . Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth	True
Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Yasmany Tomas , Arizona 's heralded 24-year-old Cuban prospect , made his big league debut as a pinch-hitter in the seventh	True
Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Yasmany Tomas , Arizona 's heralded 24-year-old Cuban prospect , made his big league debut as a pinch-hitter in the seventh and grounded out to second	False
Yasmany Tomas , Arizona 's heralded 24-year-old Cuban prospect , made his big league debut as a pinch-hitter in the seventh and grounded out to second to end the inning . Paul Goldschmidt gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead with his opposite-field home run to right off Brandon Morrow with one out in the first	True
Yasmany Tomas , Arizona 's heralded 24-year-old Cuban prospect , made his big league debut as a pinch-hitter in the seventh and grounded out to second to end the inning . Paul Goldschmidt gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead with his opposite-field home run to right off Brandon Morrow with one out in the first off second	True
Paul Goldschmidt gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead with his opposite-field home run to right off Brandon Morrow with one out in the first off second . It was third homer of the season and his 500th career hit . Ender Inciarte was aboard on a leadoff single . San Diego came back on Yonder Alonso 's RBI double in the second	True
Paul Goldschmidt gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead with his opposite-field home run to right off Brandon Morrow with one out in the first off second . It was third homer of the season and his 500th career hit . Ender Inciarte was aboard on a leadoff single . San Diego came back on Yonder Alonso 's RBI double in the second and Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
San Diego came back on Yonder Alonso 's RBI double in the second and Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly in the sixth . Arizona center fielder A. J. Pollock threw out Derek Norris trying to score from second	False
San Diego came back on Yonder Alonso 's RBI double in the second and Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly in the sixth . Arizona center fielder A. J. Pollock threw out Derek Norris trying to score from second on Will Middlebrooks ' single to end the sixth	True
Cleveland lost its first four home games and lost three players to injuries . Left fielder Michael Brantley missed the final four games with a sore back , and catcher Yan Gomes sprained his right knee , an injury likely to sideline him for two months . Pitcher Carlos Carrasco sustained a bruised jaw after being hit in the face with a line drive Tuesday . Bauer ( 2 - 0 ) , who pitched six hitless innings against Houston in his first start this season , held the White Sox without a hit until Jose Abreu singled leading off the fourth	True
Manager Terry Francona is impressed Bauer is finally showing the consistency the Indians have been waiting to see since acquiring him from Arizona before the 2013 season . Cody Allen walked pinch-hitter Emilio Bonifacio leading off the ninth	True
John Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . Chicago had won its previous three games . Michael Bourn 's third-inning groundout gave Cleveland its first lead since last Thursday against Houston . Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run double in the fourth	True
John Danks ( 0 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 4 2/3 innings . Chicago had won its previous three games . Michael Bourn 's third-inning groundout gave Cleveland its first lead since last Thursday against Houston . Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run double in the fourth and Carlos Santana added an RBI single in the fifth	True
Michael Bourn 's third-inning groundout gave Cleveland its first lead since last Thursday against Houston . Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run double in the fourth and Carlos Santana added an RBI single in the fifth . Chicago got a pair of runs in the sixth	False
CHICAGO -- Jorge Soler came through big and helped the Cubs rally for a win after ace Jon Lester struggled in his second start with Chicago . Soler had a pair of two - run home runs -- including a game-tying shot in the eighth inning -- and Arismendy Alcantara had an RBI single in the 10th	True
Brandon Phillips had four hits for the Reds , while Marlon Byrd and Jay Bruce each drove in two runs . Cincinnati was up 6 - 3 and starter Mike Leake handed the bullpen a two - run lead after seven innings , but the Reds ' relievers failed again . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two hits in the top of the 10th	True
Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two hits in the top of the 10th to pick up the win . Anthony Rizzo led off the bottom of the 10th inning with a walk against Manny Parra ( 0 - 1 ) . Price decided to stay with the left-handed Parra against Soler . After a wild pitch moved Rizzo to second	False
Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two hits in the top of the 10th to pick up the win . Anthony Rizzo led off the bottom of the 10th inning with a walk against Manny Parra ( 0 - 1 ) . Price decided to stay with the left-handed Parra against Soler . After a wild pitch moved Rizzo to second , Soler singled to left on a 3 - 2 pitch with Rizzo stopping at third	False
Detroit 's menacing slugger homered twice and drove in four runs as the Tigers moved to 6 - 0 for the first time in 30 years with an 8 - 5 win over the Cleveland Indians on Sunday . Cabrera , who entered the series batting just .182 , hit a two - run homer in the first inning off T. J. House ( 0 - 1 ) and J. D. Martinez added an insurance solo shot in the ninth	True
Cabrera , who entered the series batting just .182 , hit a two - run homer in the first inning off T. J. House ( 0 - 1 ) and J. D. Martinez added an insurance solo shot in the ninth as the Tigers finished off a series sweep , improving to 18 - 5 in Cleveland since 2013 . Cabrera went 4 for 4 with his first two homers of the season , a double and single . With Cabrera needing a triple for the cycle , Indians manager Terry Francona intentionally walked him in the eighth even though there was a runner on first	False
The Tigers are 6 - 0 for the first time since 1985 , and they 've served early notice that they 're not going to give up their spot atop the AL Central without fight . The Tigers jumped to a 6 - 0 lead after two innings , giving Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 0 ) a comfortable cushion . Joakim Soria worked the ninth	True
The Indians had a rough opening weekend at home in their spectacularly remodeled ballpark . In addition to being swept by the division 's four - time reigning champions , All-Star outfielder Michael Brantley missed two games with a back issue and Cleveland lost catcher Yan Gomes for at least six weeks with a sprained knee . After the Indians pulled within 6 - 3 in the third	True
The Indians had a rough opening weekend at home in their spectacularly remodeled ballpark . In addition to being swept by the division 's four - time reigning champions , All-Star outfielder Michael Brantley missed two games with a back issue and Cleveland lost catcher Yan Gomes for at least six weeks with a sprained knee . After the Indians pulled within 6 - 3 in the third , Cabrera led off the fourth	True
The top of Detroit 's lineup did the majority of the early damage , as the Tigers top five hitters went 6 for 6 with six runs , a homer and three walks in the first two innings . Detroit did n't let House get out of the second	True
Detroit did n't let House get out of the second , rocking the left-hander for six runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings -- the shortest outing of his career . Cabrera put the Tigers up 3 - 0 in the first	True
CLEVELAND -- Alfredo Simon took a shutout into the sixth	True
Simon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The right-hander came over in an offseason trade from Cincinnati and got his first taste of what it 's like to pitch for one of baseball 's best lineups . Castellanos homered in the fifth	True
Castellanos homered in the fifth off Zach McAllister ( 0 - 1 ) , tagged for a career-high 13 hits . Carlos Santana had two RBIs for Cleveland , which put the tying run on deck in the ninth	True
Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) had a brilliant first spring with the A 's after being acquired in the offseason from Toronto in the Josh Donaldson deal . He allowed just one earned run in six starts and his 0.36 ERA was the lowest in the majors . But he gave up three runs in a sloppy first	True
Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) had a brilliant first spring with the A 's after being acquired in the offseason from Toronto in the Josh Donaldson deal . He allowed just one earned run in six starts and his 0.36 ERA was the lowest in the majors . But he gave up three runs in a sloppy first , followed by Moreland 's home run in the third	True
Graveman ( 0 - 1 ) had a brilliant first spring with the A 's after being acquired in the offseason from Toronto in the Josh Donaldson deal . He allowed just one earned run in six starts and his 0.36 ERA was the lowest in the majors . But he gave up three runs in a sloppy first , followed by Moreland 's home run in the third and Choo 's in the fourth	True
But he gave up three runs in a sloppy first , followed by Moreland 's home run in the third and Choo 's in the fourth that ended his day early . Graveman allowed eight runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . Graveman 's day got off to an inauspicious start when he walked Leonys Martin to lead off the game , allowed a single to Choo and then made a throwing error on a pickoff throw to second	False
That 's when things really got weird . The Rangers scored their first run when Beltre hit a grounder to third base and Vogt dropped Brett Lawrie 's throw home for an error . After an RBI single by Prince Fielder and a sacrifice fly by Moreland , Elvis Andrus hit a grounder to Lawrie with runners on first	False
That 's when things really got weird . The Rangers scored their first run when Beltre hit a grounder to third base and Vogt dropped Brett Lawrie 's throw home for an error . After an RBI single by Prince Fielder and a sacrifice fly by Moreland , Elvis Andrus hit a grounder to Lawrie with runners on first and third	False
That 's when things really got weird . The Rangers scored their first run when Beltre hit a grounder to third base and Vogt dropped Brett Lawrie 's throw home for an error . After an RBI single by Prince Fielder and a sacrifice fly by Moreland , Elvis Andrus hit a grounder to Lawrie with runners on first and third . Lawrie threw to second	False
Arrieta also can pitch . Arrieta allowed three hits over seven innings and Starlin Castro had a go-ahead RBI single in a two - run seventh	True
All the stats you need to know from Wednesday 's six shutouts . Phil Coke , Neil Ramirez , Pedro Strop and Hector Rondon combined for hitless relief . Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Arrieta said he was suffering from jitters and too much adrenaline ahead of his first start of the year at home , especially ahead of a game against rival St. Louis . Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) struck out nine in six - plus innings but Castro 's single chased him in the seventh	True
Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) struck out nine in six - plus innings but Castro 's single chased him in the seventh . Montero hit a sacrifice fly off Kevin Siegrist . Anthony Rizzo was hit by a pitch leading off the seventh	True
Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) struck out nine in six - plus innings but Castro 's single chased him in the seventh . Montero hit a sacrifice fly off Kevin Siegrist . Anthony Rizzo was hit by a pitch leading off the seventh and advanced when Lynn 's pickoff throw was wide of Matt Adams at first	False
Lance Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) struck out nine in six - plus innings but Castro 's single chased him in the seventh . Montero hit a sacrifice fly off Kevin Siegrist . Anthony Rizzo was hit by a pitch leading off the seventh and advanced when Lynn 's pickoff throw was wide of Matt Adams at first for an error . Castro then singled , ending the Cubs ' 15-inning scoreless streak at the start of the season , and took second	False
Carrasco ( 1 - 0 ) walked one in 6 1/3 innings a day after signing a four - year contract . Santana put Cleveland up with his homer in the fourth inning and Aviles added an insurance run with his home run to the Crawford Boxes in left field in the eighth	True
Santana put Cleveland up with his homer in the fourth inning and Aviles added an insurance run with his home run to the Crawford Boxes in left field in the eighth . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Carrasco retired the first five batters before walking Jason Castro and giving up a single to Jed Lowrie . But Carrasco retired Colby Rasmus to end the threat . Carrasco sailed through the next three innings , retiring six straight and nine of the next 10 batters . George Springer doubled with one out in the sixth	True
Adam Wainwright shut down the Cubs , again showing that when he 's on , he 's as good as it gets . Joe Maddon 's hiring and Jon Lester 's signing helped bring hope to a rebuilding franchise . But hope does n't drive in runners from third	False
The ace right-hander improved to 9 - 1 with a 3.33 ERA in 20 career games at Chicago 's longtime home . He also lowered his ERA to 1.85 for four career starts on Opening Day . Jason Heyward had three hits in his St. Louis debut , and Matt Holliday drove in two runs . Throw in Matt Carpenter 's two hits , and the top third	True
The Cubs honored Banks with a pregame moment of silence , and his sons Jerry and Joey Banks each threw out a ceremonial first pitch . The club also extended its condolences to the Cardinals for Oscar Taveras , an outfield prospect who died in a car crash in his native Dominican Republic last October . Heyward got the majors ' first hit of the season when he doubled and scored on Holliday 's single in the first	True
The Cubs honored Banks with a pregame moment of silence , and his sons Jerry and Joey Banks each threw out a ceremonial first pitch . The club also extended its condolences to the Cardinals for Oscar Taveras , an outfield prospect who died in a car crash in his native Dominican Republic last October . Heyward got the majors ' first hit of the season when he doubled and scored on Holliday 's single in the first . Holliday had another RBI single in the fifth	True
Heyward got the majors ' first hit of the season when he doubled and scored on Holliday 's single in the first . Holliday had another RBI single in the fifth . It was more than enough for Wainwright , who was slowed by an abdominal injury early in spring training . Carlos Martinez , who won the fifth starter job in training camp , followed with a scoreless seventh	True
The Los Angeles Angels ' second baseman hit a tiebreaking , two - run single with the bases loaded in the eighth inning , making up for an earlier error that helped the Detroit Tigers score the tying run , and the Los Angeles Angels completed a four - game sweep with a 4 - 2 victory Sunday . David Price ( 4 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to David Freese and gave up an infield single to Chris Iannetta , who was safe at first	False
Kole Calhoun advanced both runners with a sacrifice bunt , and Price intentionally walked Grant Green before retiring pinch-hitter Carlos Perez on a popup with his 121st and final pitch . Giavotella grounded Joba Chamberlain 's second pitch up the middle . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) got the victory with a perfect inning of relief , and Huston Street pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Price was charged with four runs , eight hits and four walks in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six , after scattering five hits over seven innings in a 1 - 0 win at Oakland on Tuesday . Detroit had won 11 of the 2012 AL Cy Young Award winner 's previous 12 starts , including his final two last season . Los Angeles did n't get a hit until Freese and Iannetta singled with two outs in the fourth	True
Price was charged with four runs , eight hits and four walks in 7 2/3 innings . He struck out six , after scattering five hits over seven innings in a 1 - 0 win at Oakland on Tuesday . Detroit had won 11 of the 2012 AL Cy Young Award winner 's previous 12 starts , including his final two last season . Los Angeles did n't get a hit until Freese and Iannetta singled with two outs in the fourth . They were stranded when Price retired Calhoun on a foul pop , but the Angels grabbed a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	False
Los Angeles did n't get a hit until Freese and Iannetta singled with two outs in the fourth . They were stranded when Price retired Calhoun on a foul pop , but the Angels grabbed a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth with one - out RBI singles by Erick Aybar and AL MVP Mike Trout . The Tigers tied it in the sixth	False
Los Angeles did n't get a hit until Freese and Iannetta singled with two outs in the fourth . They were stranded when Price retired Calhoun on a foul pop , but the Angels grabbed a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth with one - out RBI singles by Erick Aybar and AL MVP Mike Trout . The Tigers tied it in the sixth with an unearned run against Matt Shoemaker . Cabrera singled with one out , advanced on a passed ball by Iannetta and scored when Giavotella fielded a hard-hit grounder by Yoenis Cespedes to the right of second base and threw the ball just beyond the reach of Green at first	False
Green started at first base for the second time in the big leagues in place of slugger Albert Pujols , who was the designated hitter for the second straight day because of tightness in his groin . Pujols went 0 for 4 , ending his three - game home run streak . Angels righty Cam Bedrosian , whose father Steve gave up seven grand slams during his major league career , retired Cespedes with the bags full to end the seventh	True
Shoemaker was charged with two runs , four hits and a season-high four walks in 5 1/3 innings . The Michigan native 's only other start against the Tigers was on July 26 , 2014 , when he pitched seven innings of three - hit ball in a 4 - 0 win . Tigers rookie James McCann opened the scoring in the second	True
Kluber improved to 3 - 0 with 50 strikeouts and two walks in his last four starts as Cleveland won for the eighth time in 10 games , inching closer to .500 after struggling the first six weeks of the season . Kluber ( 3 - 5 ) gave up a pair of home runs to Mike Zunino in the third	True
Kluber improved to 3 - 0 with 50 strikeouts and two walks in his last four starts as Cleveland won for the eighth time in 10 games , inching closer to .500 after struggling the first six weeks of the season . Kluber ( 3 - 5 ) gave up a pair of home runs to Mike Zunino in the third and Dustin Ackley in the sixth	True
Kluber ( 3 - 5 ) gave up a pair of home runs to Mike Zunino in the third and Dustin Ackley in the sixth , but Seattle was able to mount little otherwise . Kluber earned his first road victory of the season . Eight of the final nine outs recorded by Kluber came via strikeout , including getting Nelson Cruz swinging for the final out of the seventh	True
Eight of the final nine outs recorded by Kluber came via strikeout , including getting Nelson Cruz swinging for the final out of the seventh with a runner on . He threw 112 pitches , one off his season high of 113 when he struck out 18 against St. Louis . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
James Paxton ( 3 - 3 ) gave up eight hits and three earned runs before leaving with two outs and a 3 - 0 count against Brandon Moss in the fifth due to a finger injury . Kipnis entered the night hitting .447 in May and added a pair of singles , along with an RBI groundout in the sixth inning after Jose Ramirez led off with a double . Moss also homered in the second inning off Paxton , his eighth	False
Jimmy Paredes had two hits and stole home for the Orioles , who took the three - game series after winning 4 - 3 on Monday . Steve Pearce hit his sixth home run for Baltimore . Ubaldo Jimenez started strong for the Orioles but faded in the seventh	True
Evan Gattis had three hits , including his 10th homer of the season . Colby Rasmus entered the game on an 0 - for - 11 skid , but had three hits off Jimenez . Rasmus is 13 for 31 ( .419 ) lifetime against him . The Astros pulled within 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
Evan Gattis had three hits , including his 10th homer of the season . Colby Rasmus entered the game on an 0 - for - 11 skid , but had three hits off Jimenez . Rasmus is 13 for 31 ( .419 ) lifetime against him . The Astros pulled within 4 - 2 in the seventh on a grounder by Preston Tucker that scored George Springer . Gattis tied the game on a two - run homer to left-center . After Brad Bach ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The start of the game was delayed 1 hour , 11 minutes because of rain . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a one - out double by Chris Carter after Gattis and Rasmus led off the inning with consecutive singles . The Orioles took control with four runs in the fourth	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a one - out double by Chris Carter after Gattis and Rasmus led off the inning with consecutive singles . The Orioles took control with four runs in the fourth off right-hander Collin McHugh . Baltimore tied it when Paredes led off with a double , took third	False
McHugh allowed four runs and a season high-tying nine hits with five strikeouts over six innings . Brach earned both victories in the Orioles ' three - game series with Houston , after pitching the sixth	True
NEW YORK -- Nick Martinez spent about a dozen games in the left-field bleachers at Yankee Stadium from 2009 - 11 , watching with his Fordham friends and hoping to one day make it to the big leagues -- as a hitter . He spent Saturday on the mound of the very same ballpark , winning yet another game for Texas and sending reeling New York to its fifth straight loss and ninth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit a go-ahead single and a three - run homer in a 10-run third inning that chased CC Sabathia from his shortest start in six years . Shoo and Prince Fielder each had two hits in the third	True
Shoo and Prince Fielder each had two hits in the third , when Texas sent 14 batters to the plate . Fielder finished with three RBIs and hit his third homer in two games . Martinez ( 4 - 0 ) is one of the season 's surprises : He is third	False
Mike Maddux says confidence is a factor . Martinez walked Brett Gardner and Alex Rodriguez in the first	True
New York did n't get a hit until a fourth-inning infield single by Alex Rodriguez . Martinez allowed solo homers to Carlos Beltran in the sixth	True
New York did n't get a hit until a fourth-inning infield single by Alex Rodriguez . Martinez allowed solo homers to Carlos Beltran in the sixth and Didi Gregorius in the seventh	False
Bryce Harper hit another home run and Scherzer had another dominant outing to help the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Friday night for their sixth straight win . Harper 's homer , his 11th	False
Bryce Harper hit another home run and Scherzer had another dominant outing to help the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Friday night for their sixth straight win . Harper 's homer , his 11th in 14 games , tied the score 1 - 1 in the second inning . Ian Desmond 's RBI double drove in Scherzer from first base with the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
The effort impressed his teammates , sort of . Drew Storen got the last three outs for his 13th save in 14 chances . He allowed two singles in the ninth	True
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona remained upbeat as his team struggled through the first six weeks of the season . That approach might be paying off . Cleveland 's 7 - 3 victory over Cincinnati in Friday was its fourth	False
CLEVELAND -- Indians manager Terry Francona remained upbeat as his team struggled through the first six weeks of the season . That approach might be paying off . Cleveland 's 7 - 3 victory over Cincinnati in Friday was its fourth in a row and sixth	False
The Reds have lost a season-high six straight . Cincinnati has been outscored 47 - 16 during its losing streak and dropped to a season-worst five games below .500 at 18 - 23 . Moss homered in the third	True
The Reds have lost a season-high six straight . Cincinnati has been outscored 47 - 16 during its losing streak and dropped to a season-worst five games below .500 at 18 - 23 . Moss homered in the third to break a 2-all tie and added a two - run double in the fourth	True
Mike Leake ( 2 - 3 ) stumbled through four innings , allowing five runs , seven hits and five walks . Jason Kipnis had three hits and two RBIs while Carlos Santana snapped an 0 - for - 25 slump with an RBI double in the seventh	True
Billy Hamilton 's RBI groundout in the second gave the Reds their first lead since their last win on May 14 , but that did n't hold up for long . The Indians went ahead in the bottom half . Michael Bourn drew a bases-loaded walk and Kipnis added an RBI single . Todd Frazier 's RBI double tied the game in the third	True
John Danks ( 2 - 4 ) allowed five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the White Sox , who lost their third straight following a six - game winning streak . Danks was unable to continue a stretch of strong starting pitching for Chicago , which had gotten nine quality starts in its last 13 games with an ERA of 3.01 over that span . Chicago 's Jose Abreu went 1 for 4 and extended his hitting streak to 16 games . Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
Chicago 's Jose Abreu went 1 for 4 and extended his hitting streak to 16 games . Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Bryan Shaw to avoid the shutout . Thanks to Cleveland 's four - run first	True
Chicago 's Jose Abreu went 1 for 4 and extended his hitting streak to 16 games . Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Bryan Shaw to avoid the shutout . Thanks to Cleveland 's four - run first , Salazar pitched with a lead all night . Following a run-scoring single by Michael Brantley and Ryan Raburn 's double-play grounder that allowed Santana to score , Swisher and Aviles hit back-to-back home runs against Danks . For Swisher , it was his first	False
Chicago 's Jose Abreu went 1 for 4 and extended his hitting streak to 16 games . Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Bryan Shaw to avoid the shutout . Thanks to Cleveland 's four - run first , Salazar pitched with a lead all night . Following a run-scoring single by Michael Brantley and Ryan Raburn 's double-play grounder that allowed Santana to score , Swisher and Aviles hit back-to-back home runs against Danks . For Swisher , it was his first of the season and Aviles ' was his third	False
The A 's have lost six of their past seven and 12 of 14 games , falling 14 games under .500 for the first time since finishing the 2011 season 74 - 88 . Colby Rasmus drove in a run with a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Colby Rasmus drove in a run with a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the eighth , and Chris Carter tacked on a pair with a single to shallow center in that inning . Marwin Gonzalez doubled to start the third	True
Colby Rasmus drove in a run with a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the eighth , and Chris Carter tacked on a pair with a single to shallow center in that inning . Marwin Gonzalez doubled to start the third for Houston 's first hit . He advanced to third	False
A walk by Billy Butler followed by consecutive singles by Brett Lawrie and Josh Phegley loaded the bases for Oakland with one out in the fourth inning . But Keuchel escaped the jam by retiring Mark Canha and Craig Gentry to end the inning . Butler and Lawrie hit back-to-back singles with one out in the sixth	True
Butler and Lawrie hit back-to-back singles with one out in the sixth and Butler scored on a two - out error by Carter on a ball hit by Canha to tie it at 1-all . Eric Sogard singled to start the seventh	True
Napoli 's turnaround was the most impressive . He began the game batting .162 . But he gave the Red Sox a 2 - 0 lead against Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) with a leadoff homer in the fourth inning , his fourth	False
Napoli 's turnaround was the most impressive . He began the game batting .162 . But he gave the Red Sox a 2 - 0 lead against Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) with a leadoff homer in the fourth inning , his fourth of the year . Napoli then followed Ortiz 's sixth homer in the fifth	True
He began the game batting .162 . But he gave the Red Sox a 2 - 0 lead against Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 6 ) with a leadoff homer in the fourth inning , his fourth of the year . Napoli then followed Ortiz 's sixth homer in the fifth with an RBI single that made it 4 - 0 . Boston got a scare when Leonys Martin started the ninth	True
Boston got a scare when Leonys Martin started the ninth with a pinch-hit homer off Koji Uehara , ending the closer 's streak of eight hitless appearances . Uehara , however , held on for his 10th save in 11 opportunities . The Red Sox got off to a strong start on their six - game homestand with one run and four hits in the first	True
Boston got a scare when Leonys Martin started the ninth with a pinch-hit homer off Koji Uehara , ending the closer 's streak of eight hitless appearances . Uehara , however , held on for his 10th save in 11 opportunities . The Red Sox got off to a strong start on their six - game homestand with one run and four hits in the first , while Miley held the Rangers scoreless through the fifth	True
Miley put runners in scoring position in five of his seven innings but allowed runs in just one of them . In his previous start , he pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings . Trailing 4 - 0 , the Rangers scored two in the sixth	True
Joe Panik and Angel Pagan had two hits each for the Giants , who have won 11 of their past 14 home games . While Pence , who missed the first 36 games with a broken bone in his left hand , did make a highlight reel catch to rob Adrian Gonzalez of extra bases in the sixth	True
Sergio Romo , the Giants ' fourth pitcher of the seventh inning , retired Howie Kendrick on a comebacker with the bases loaded to keep the shutout intact . Romo got four outs and Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
HOUSTON -- The Oakland Athletics finally got the performance they have needed out of their bullpen and did something they have struggled at this season -- win a one - run game . Brett Lawrie hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the sixth	True
Lawrie 's hit came off Will Harris . He came on in relief of Joe Thatcher ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up an infield single and two walks to load the bases with no outs . Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) went 1 2/3 innings for the win , Evan Scribner threw two innings and Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth	True
The Athletics ' bullpen entered the game 2 - 12 with a 4.78 ERA this season and had converted just four of 12 save opportunities . Harris escaped further damage in the sixth	True
Oakland starter Drew Pomeranz left the game in the fifth inning with left shoulder tightness . After throwing a pitch and then backing off the mound , Melvin went out to the mound with the trainer , and Pomeranz was taken out . He went 4 1/3 innings , giving up one run and two hits with five walks and two strikeouts . Evan Gattis ' sacrifice fly scored Jose Altuve to give Houston a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Evan Gattis ' sacrifice fly scored Jose Altuve to give Houston a 1 - 0 lead in the first , but Sogard 's RBI single in the second tied it . George Springer sent a deep drive to center in the eighth	True
Rays starter Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) cruised into the seventh inning with a 2 - 1 lead , but his night was over quickly after that . Aaron Hicks led off with a single to left , and Santana followed by hooking a ball into the right-field corner for a triple that tied the score . Brian Dozier then put the Twins on top 3 - 2 with a sacrifice fly . David DeJesus hit a home run with two outs in the second	True
Rays starter Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) cruised into the seventh inning with a 2 - 1 lead , but his night was over quickly after that . Aaron Hicks led off with a single to left , and Santana followed by hooking a ball into the right-field corner for a triple that tied the score . Brian Dozier then put the Twins on top 3 - 2 with a sacrifice fly . David DeJesus hit a home run with two outs in the second to put the Rays on top 1 - 0 . But Dozier tied it with a homer leading off the third	True
The right-hander rolled his left ankle on the final play of the fourth inning and bent over briefly before gingerly walking off the field . Buchholz was examined while warming up before the fifth	True
Farrell had hinted at a roster shake-up following Saturday 's 7 - 1 loss and Boston made two changes before the game , recalling outfielder Jackie Bradley Jr. and right-hander Steven Wright from Triple-A Pawtucket . Slumping outfielder Allen Craig and right-hander Robbie Ross were optioned to the minors . Bradley Jr. started in right field and batted eighth	False
Mookie Betts led off the game with a triple and scored on Dustin Pedroia 's groundout . Later in the inning , Napoli connected on Dickey 's knuckleball for his third home run of the season . Sandoval hit a two - out homer in the fifth	True
Mookie Betts led off the game with a triple and scored on Dustin Pedroia 's groundout . Later in the inning , Napoli connected on Dickey 's knuckleball for his third home run of the season . Sandoval hit a two - out homer in the fifth , his third	False
Then , Maldonado singled over the Cubs ' drawn-in outfield with one out in the 11th inning to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 win Sunday over Chicago . Maldonado also hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
The Brewers , who beat the Cubs for the second straight day , are 4 - 3 under Counsell since a 7 - 18 start . Milwaukee had also won two straight in Chicago last week before letting go of Roenicke . Ryan Braun doubled off Jason Motte ( 1 - 1 ) to begin the 11th	True
Ryan Braun doubled off Jason Motte ( 1 - 1 ) to begin the 11th . Two intentional walks sandwiched around a flyout by Khris Davis loaded the bases , and Maldonado 's deep drive sailed over right fielder Jorge Soler . Michael Blazek ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect top of the 11th	True
Michael Blazek ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect top of the 11th , finishing with strikeouts of Anthony Rizzo and pinch-hitting pitcher Travis Wood . Chicago had a chance in the 10th	True
The Nationals were off Thursday , and returned to action with their eighth win in 10 games . Harper has 10 home runs this season , along with those 10 RBIs in his last two games . Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The Nationals were off Thursday , and returned to action with their eighth win in 10 games . Harper has 10 home runs this season , along with those 10 RBIs in his last two games . Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Eric Stults ( 1 - 3 ) , giving Washington a 3 - 2 lead . He hit a three - run drive deep into the right-center field stands in the eighth	True
Jayson Werth added a solo home run as the Nationals backed Gonzalez ( 3 - 2 ) . Gonzalez pitched seven solid innings after going 0 - 7 in his previous eight starts against Atlanta . After giving up runs in the first	True
Freeman continued his success against Washington , doubling twice and driving in a run . He is 10 for 17 vs. the Nationals this year and 42 for 91 over the past two seasons . Freeman 's double in the first set up Jonny Gomes ' sacrifice fly . Freeman doubled home a run in the third	True
Freeman 's double in the first set up Jonny Gomes ' sacrifice fly . Freeman doubled home a run in the third . Werth made it 2 - 1 in the fourth	False
But the Padres remade their outfield in the offseason , moving Venable into a reserve role . It 's one the veteran has learned to accept , and he was rewarded some for his attitude with a home run and a key hit that drove in the go-ahead run Friday night in San Diego 's 6 - 5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks . Venable homered in the second inning , and his single in the seventh	True
The teams combined for six home runs , four by the Diamondbacks , who rallied from a three - run deficit to tie the score at 5 after back-to-back home runs by Paul Goldschmidt and David Peralta . Wil Myers had a career-high four hits for the Padres , including a home run in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks scored all their runs via home runs off Padres starter James Shields ( 4 - 0 ) who went six innings and allowed five runs and six hits with seven strikeouts and three walks . Goldschmidt has homered in three straight games for the second time in the All-Star first baseman 's career . He and Peralta went deep in the sixth	True
Venable gave the Padres a 1 - 0 lead with a two - out home run in the second inning . That broke an 0 - for - 16 streak . The Diamondbacks went ahead 2 - 1 in bottom of the inning when Chris Owings belted a Shields offering over the wall in left-center for a two - run shot . But San Diego responded on Matt Kemp 's run-scoring single in the third	True
Tampa Bay 's cleanup hitter hit two homers -- the second traveling 454 feet in the ninth inning -- and the Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 3 . His second homer of the game provided a cushion after Kevin Jepsen worked out of a one - out , bases-loaded jam in the eighth	True
His second homer of the game provided a cushion after Kevin Jepsen worked out of a one - out , bases-loaded jam in the eighth . He got Daniel Nava to ground to first baseman James Loney , who got the force out at home . And Brock Holt grounded to Loney for the final out . Joey Butler had given the Rays a 4 - 2 lead with a two - run single in the sixth	True
Joey Butler had given the Rays a 4 - 2 lead with a two - run single in the sixth , two nights after hitting his first major-league homer . The Red Sox cut that lead on Mookie Betts ' fifth homer of the season , his third	False
Joey Butler had given the Rays a 4 - 2 lead with a two - run single in the sixth , two nights after hitting his first major-league homer . The Red Sox cut that lead on Mookie Betts ' fifth homer of the season , his third in two days , leading off the eighth	True
The Red Sox cut that lead on Mookie Betts ' fifth homer of the season , his third in two days , leading off the eighth against Jepsen . Then , after Dustin Pedroia grounded out , the Red Sox loaded the bases on a walk to David Ortiz , a single by Mike Napoli and a walk to Pablo Sandoval . But Luis Jimenez pinch ran for Ortiz and came up with runners at first	False
The Red Sox cut that lead on Mookie Betts ' fifth homer of the season , his third in two days , leading off the eighth against Jepsen . Then , after Dustin Pedroia grounded out , the Red Sox loaded the bases on a walk to David Ortiz , a single by Mike Napoli and a walk to Pablo Sandoval . But Luis Jimenez pinch ran for Ortiz and came up with runners at first and second	False
The Red Sox cut that lead on Mookie Betts ' fifth homer of the season , his third in two days , leading off the eighth against Jepsen . Then , after Dustin Pedroia grounded out , the Red Sox loaded the bases on a walk to David Ortiz , a single by Mike Napoli and a walk to Pablo Sandoval . But Luis Jimenez pinch ran for Ortiz and came up with runners at first and second and two outs in the ninth	True
Then , after Dustin Pedroia grounded out , the Red Sox loaded the bases on a walk to David Ortiz , a single by Mike Napoli and a walk to Pablo Sandoval . But Luis Jimenez pinch ran for Ortiz and came up with runners at first and second and two outs in the ninth . Brad Boxberger wrapped up his seventh save by getting the light-hitting Jimenez to hit the ball a few feet in front of the plate for an easy out . The Rays had taken a 1 - 0 lead against Justin Masterson ( 2 - 1 ) in the third	True
The Rays had taken a 1 - 0 lead against Justin Masterson ( 2 - 1 ) in the third when Brandon Guyer doubled and scored on a single by Logan Forsythe . The Red Sox went ahead 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning against Alex Colome ( 2 - 0 ) on consecutive doubles by Xander Bogaerts and Blake Swihart and a sacrifice fly by Pedroia after Swihart moved to third	False
The Red Sox went ahead 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning against Alex Colome ( 2 - 0 ) on consecutive doubles by Xander Bogaerts and Blake Swihart and a sacrifice fly by Pedroia after Swihart moved to third on a groundout . Longoria tied it in the fourth	True
Longoria tied it in the fourth with a leadoff homer to left . Masterson retired the leadoff batter in the fifth	True
Wearing the throwback uniforms from that team , Betts became the youngest Red Sox player to homer twice in a game since Jim Rice did it that year . And unlike Carlton Fisk 's winner in Game 6 of the ' 75 World Series -- which was accompanied by a lot or arm-waving before it hit the foul pole -- neither of Betts ' solo shots needed such assistance . Betts ' first home led off the sixth inning for the first hit off Rays starter Drew Smyly . He added another in the eighth	True
That was enough for Rick Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) , who was the starter in Boston 's last win . He pitched seven innings of shutout ball , scattering eight hits while walking none and striking out six . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
The Red Sox had lost nine of their last 12 games to fall into last place in the AL East . And Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) held them hitless through five . But after Betts after cleared the left-field wall in the sixth	True
Both of Arena do 's homers were off James Shields . He has six . Blackmon homered on Shields ' third pitch of the game and then homered off closer Craig Kimbrel with one out in the ninth	True
Both of Arena do 's homers were off James Shields . He has six . Blackmon homered on Shields ' third pitch of the game and then homered off closer Craig Kimbrel with one out in the ninth , his fifth	False
Shields ( 3 - 0 ) went 5 1/3 innings , his shortest start of the year , and allowed five runs and nine hits while striking out seven and walking none . Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five innings . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five innings . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , his seventh	False
Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five innings . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , his seventh . He doubled in the fourth	True
Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five innings . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , his seventh . He doubled in the fourth and was aboard for Norris ' homer in the fourth	True
Kyle Kendrick ( 1 - 4 ) allowed six runs and six hits in five innings . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , his seventh . He doubled in the fourth and was aboard for Norris ' homer in the fourth . Norris doubled in Cory Spangenberg with the go-ahead run in the fifth	False
Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , his seventh . He doubled in the fourth and was aboard for Norris ' homer in the fourth . Norris doubled in Cory Spangenberg with the go-ahead run in the fifth . Arenado homered leading off the fourth	True
Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , his seventh . He doubled in the fourth and was aboard for Norris ' homer in the fourth . Norris doubled in Cory Spangenberg with the go-ahead run in the fifth . Arenado homered leading off the fourth and hit a two - run shot in the fifth	False
Arenado homered leading off the fourth and hit a two - run shot in the fifth . The Padres thought they got out of the fifth	True
Opponents were hitting .358 against the right-hander before help Milwaukee win for just the fourth time in 17 games . After he walked two of his first three batters , Fiers ( 1 - 3 ) retired 12 straight before allowing a single to Chris Denorfia with one out in the fifth	True
The Brewers improved to 3 - 8 on the road and will try to win their first series of the season Sunday . Ryan Braun hit a two - run drive , his fifth homer of the season , in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit a two - run drive , his fifth homer of the season , in the first . He has homered in three of four games . The Cubs got a scare in the second	True
The Cubs got a scare in the second when rookie second baseman Addison Russell and first baseman Rizzo collided on Carlos Gomez 's bloop single to shallow right field . Both players remained in the game . The Cubs were sloppy , too . Logan Schafer hit a grounder in the ninth	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Brandon Crawford has worked diligently to improve his offensive numbers against left-handers , and it 's showing . Buster Posey and Crawford homered , Tim Hudson pitched into the ninth	True
Buster Posey and Crawford homered , Tim Hudson pitched into the ninth and the San Francisco Giants beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 4 Saturday . Nori Aoki had two RBIs and Casey McGehee had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who won their fourth straight at home and eighth	False
Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) retired the first 10 batters he faced and gave up three runs , two hits and two walks in eight - plus innings . He struck out three . Hudson walked Kole Calhoun in the fourth	True
Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) retired the first 10 batters he faced and gave up three runs , two hits and two walks in eight - plus innings . He struck out three . Hudson walked Kole Calhoun in the fourth , and Calhoun was then caught stealing . Hudson also walked the last batter he faced , pinch-hitter Colin Cowgill to open the ninth	True
Sergio Romo got two outs , including a strikeout of Pujols with two runners on . Jeremy Affeldt gave up an RBI single to Calhoun , and Santiago Casilla allowed an RBI single to David Freese . Casilla then got the last out for his seventh save when Matt Joyce 's single hit pinch-runner Taylor Featherston between first	False
Sergio Romo got two outs , including a strikeout of Pujols with two runners on . Jeremy Affeldt gave up an RBI single to Calhoun , and Santiago Casilla allowed an RBI single to David Freese . Casilla then got the last out for his seventh save when Matt Joyce 's single hit pinch-runner Taylor Featherston between first and second	False
Phillies starter Aaron Harang ( 4 - 10 ) gave up five runs -- four earned -- and nine hits in six innings to drop his seventh straight decision . Drew Storen pitched the ninth	True
Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances . The game ended when Domonic Brown ran through a stop sign at third base on Cody Asche 's single and was tagged out in a rundown . Wilson Ramos drove in Washington 's first run on an infield single in the first	True
Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances . The game ended when Domonic Brown ran through a stop sign at third base on Cody Asche 's single and was tagged out in a rundown . Wilson Ramos drove in Washington 's first run on an infield single in the first . Den Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Wilson Ramos drove in Washington 's first run on an infield single in the first . Den Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Scherzer singled to extend his hitting streak to six games and scored on Danny Espinosa 's sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Scherzer singled to extend his hitting streak to six games and scored on Danny Espinosa 's sacrifice fly in the fifth . Another run scored in the inning when right fielder Brown dropped Ramos ' liner for an error . Brown hit an RBI double off Scherzer in the seventh	True
Scherzer singled to extend his hitting streak to six games and scored on Danny Espinosa 's sacrifice fly in the fifth . Another run scored in the inning when right fielder Brown dropped Ramos ' liner for an error . Brown hit an RBI double off Scherzer in the seventh , and pinch hitter Ben Revere hit his third career homer in 2,194 at-bats in the eighth	True
Baltimore lost for just the fourth time in its last 16 . Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) worked seven solid innings , giving up one run on eight hits , striking out seven and walking one . Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth	True
The attention turned to Ramirez and Pedroia after the game . Trailing 1 - 0 , the Red Sox scored five unearned runs off Bud Norris ( 2 - 6 ) . Mookie Betts ' RBI single tied it before Pedroia 's two - run single pushed them ahead . After Pedroia rounded first	False
Ortiz followed with his homer into the first row of the center-field bleachers . Norris was pulled in the sixth	True
That was more than enough runs the way Buchholz was pitching . In the fifth	True
That was more than enough runs the way Buchholz was pitching . In the fifth , Ramirez was running between first	False
That was more than enough runs the way Buchholz was pitching . In the fifth , Ramirez was running between first and second	False
In the fifth , Ramirez was running between first and second on a hit-and-run when Xander Bogaerts ' line drive hit his hand . He left the field shaking his hand . By rule , he was out and Bogaerts was credited with a single . The Orioles had jumped ahead 1 - 0 on Davis ' RBI single in the sixth	True
Minutes later McCutchen offered a slightly more serious trot around the bases , blasting a two - run shot off Pedro Villarreal to cap a fourth-inning outburst as the Pirates ended a three - game losing streak with a 7 - 6 victory . Smarting from an ugly sweep in Washington over the weekend that included getting no-hit by Max Scherzer , the Pirates took out their frustrations on the Reds with a brief but impressive display . Pittsburgh 's seven - run sprint through the fourth	True
Smarting from an ugly sweep in Washington over the weekend that included getting no-hit by Max Scherzer , the Pirates took out their frustrations on the Reds with a brief but impressive display . Pittsburgh 's seven - run sprint through the fourth was one more run than they managed in their previous four games combined . Rob Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win in relief of ineffective starter Jeff Locke . Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth	True
Jay Bruce homered and drove in three runs for the Reds . Cincinnati left 12 men on base and went just 4 for 17 with runners in scoring position . The 27-year-old Smith went an eventful three - plus innings a few hours after being called up from Triple-A Louisville to fill in for Johnny Cueto , who is skipping a start to give his aching elbow a break . Smith worked around five walks in the first three innings before unraveling in the fourth	True
Gonzalez won a day after Scherzer 's near-perfect performance . Gonzalez passed the injured Stephen Strasburg for second	False
After Morton retired the first batter , Escobar singled and Harper homered . The Nationals batted around , and Escobar 's three - run homer finished Morton and brought Vance Worley from the bullpen . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the Pittsburgh ninth	True
Colorado had lost nine of its last 10 before getting a strong outing from Bettis ( 3 - 2 ) , who got his first win since carrying a no-hitter into the eighth inning at Philadelphia on May 29 . He allowed one run and five hits , walked two and struck out five in 6 1/3 innings . He got a big assist from reliever Tommy Kahnle , who got an inning-ending double play in the seventh	True
Bettis allowed five runs in the first two innings against Houston on Monday before shutting down the Astros in his final three innings . He used that finish as a starting point for Saturday . Bettis got the Rockies off to a good start by holding Milwaukee scoreless until the sixth	True
The offense , which hit .215 in the previous 10 games , gave Bettis enough support to get the win . Nolan Arenado led off the second	True
The offense , which hit .215 in the previous 10 games , gave Bettis enough support to get the win . Nolan Arenado led off the second with a double , moved to third	False
Nolan Arenado led off the second with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Michael McKenry 's sacrifice fly to make it 1 - 0 . Blackmon made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer off Kyle Lohse in the fifth	True
Nolan Arenado led off the second with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Michael McKenry 's sacrifice fly to make it 1 - 0 . Blackmon made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer off Kyle Lohse in the fifth , his ninth	False
Nolan Arenado led off the second with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Michael McKenry 's sacrifice fly to make it 1 - 0 . Blackmon made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer off Kyle Lohse in the fifth , his ninth of the season and just his second	False
Blackmon made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer off Kyle Lohse in the fifth , his ninth of the season and just his second in June . He has five extra-base hits in his last four games . Adam Lind got a run back in the sixth	False
Blackmon made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer off Kyle Lohse in the fifth , his ninth of the season and just his second in June . He has five extra-base hits in his last four games . Adam Lind got a run back in the sixth with a two - out home run off Bettis . It was Lind 's 10th	False
Adam Lind got a run back in the sixth with a two - out home run off Bettis . It was Lind 's 10th of the season and cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . The Brewers mounted a rally in the seventh	True
Adam Lind got a run back in the sixth with a two - out home run off Bettis . It was Lind 's 10th of the season and cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . The Brewers mounted a rally in the seventh when Hernan Perez reached on a one - out double , went to third	False
Adam Lind got a run back in the sixth with a two - out home run off Bettis . It was Lind 's 10th of the season and cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . The Brewers mounted a rally in the seventh when Hernan Perez reached on a one - out double , went to third on a wild pitch and Martin Maldonado walked . Kahnle relieved Bettis and got pinch-hitter Jonathan Lucroy to hit a double play started by Arenado at third	False
The Brewers mounted a rally in the seventh when Hernan Perez reached on a one - out double , went to third on a wild pitch and Martin Maldonado walked . Kahnle relieved Bettis and got pinch-hitter Jonathan Lucroy to hit a double play started by Arenado at third . Colorado made it 5 - 1 in the seventh	False
Rodon ( 3 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits , striking out five and walking three . He bounced back after giving up seven runs in 3 2/3 innings against Pittsburgh in his last start . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
Rodon ( 3 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits , striking out five and walking three . He bounced back after giving up seven runs in 3 2/3 innings against Pittsburgh in his last start . David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 18 chances . On Friday night , he allowed two runs in the ninth	True
Chicago avoided losing nine consecutive games for the first time since 2013 . The Rangers struck out 11 times after fanning 16 times on Friday night . White Sox relievers Zach Putnam and Zach Duke combined to strike out five straight during the seventh	True
The Rangers struck out 11 times after fanning 16 times on Friday night . White Sox relievers Zach Putnam and Zach Duke combined to strike out five straight during the seventh and eighth innings . The struggling White Sox offense caught a break in the third	True
The struggling White Sox offense caught a break in the third . After three straight singles , Adam LaRoche 's sacrifice fly put Chicago ahead . Melky Cabrera was hit by a pitch to load the bases before Alexei Ramirez hit a groundball that bounced past shortstop Elvis Andrus for an error to allow two runs to score . Texas closed to 3 - 2 in the fifth	False
Texas closed to 3 - 2 in the fifth . Carlos Corporan hit an RBI single and Rougned Odor beat out a double play to allow another run to score . Chicago had other chances to score . The White Sox left the bases loaded in the fifth	True
Chicago had other chances to score . The White Sox left the bases loaded in the fifth when Carlos Sanchez grounded out . Ramirez grounded out with the bases loaded to end the first	True
Posey hit his third career slam and the defending World Series champions got two RBI each from Brandon Crawford and Matt Duffy in a 9 - 5 win Friday night . San Francisco 's eighth victory in 10 meetings with the rival Dodgers this season put the Giants within 1 1/2 games of the NL West leaders . Posey gave San Francisco a 4 - 1 lead in the third	True
Chris Heston ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs , seven hits and no walks over 5 2/3 innings in his second start since his no-hitter against the New York Mets on June 9 . The rookie right-hander was coming off a 4 - 0 home loss to Arizona on Sunday . Mike Bolsinger ( 4 - 2 ) gave up a season-high five runs in 5 1/3 innings , along with eight hits and three walks . Half of the right-hander 's six strikeouts came in the fourth	True
Mike Bolsinger ( 4 - 2 ) gave up a season-high five runs in 5 1/3 innings , along with eight hits and three walks . Half of the right-hander 's six strikeouts came in the fourth , the only inning in which he did not allow a baserunner . Posey 's slam was the first allowed by Bolsinger in 18 big league starts , and the second	False
Posey 's slam was the first allowed by Bolsinger in 18 big league starts , and the second against the Dodgers this season . Justin Turner had two doubles and a solo homer for the Dodgers after getting grazed by an 0 - 2 pitch his first time up . Pinch-hitter Alberto Callaspo delivered an RBI single in the ninth	True
Justin Turner had two doubles and a solo homer for the Dodgers after getting grazed by an 0 - 2 pitch his first time up . Pinch-hitter Alberto Callaspo delivered an RBI single in the ninth against Michael Broadway , but Santiago Casilla struck out Yasiel Puig for his 19th save in 22 chances . Yasmani Grandal opened the scoring in the second	True
Yasmani Grandal opened the scoring in the second with an RBI single that snapped a string of 32 consecutive scoreless innings by Giants pitchers against the Dodgers -- including a three - game sweep at San Francisco last month by scores of 2 - 0 , 4 - 0 and 4 - 0 . It was the longest shutout streak by the Giants against any team since they relocated to the West Coast along with the Dodgers in 1958 . The Dodgers closed to 4 - 3 in the third	True
The Dodgers closed to 4 - 3 in the third with three consecutive hits , including Turner 's RBI double and Adrian Gonzalez 's run-scoring single . Heston minimized the damage by retiring Howie Kendrick on a double-play grounder . The Giants added a run in the sixth	True
The Giants added a run in the sixth with consecutive doubles by Brandon Belt and Crawford . Rookie center fielder Joc Pederson robbed Blanco of extra bases with a diving grab . The Giants increased the margin to 9 - 3 in the seventh	True
SEATTLE -- It did n't take long for Felix Hernandez to bounce back from the worst outing of his career . And he did it in impressive fashion outpitching San Francisco 's Madison Bumgarner in a pitcher 's duel . Making his first start since he allowed eight runs in one - third	True
The matchup between Felix Hernandez and Madison Bumgarner leads our nightly power rankings . Hernandez ( 10 - 4 ) struck out five and walked two . The Mariners ' ace allowed a runner to reach scoring position twice , but both times he quickly retired the side by inducing a groundout . McClendon was thinking of sending him out for the ninth	True
The right-hander is 6 - 0 with a 1.60 ERA in his last nine starts following a loss . Wednesday 's performance came after the debacle in Houston last Friday that matched his shortest career outing . The only other time he lasted just one out was due to an injury in a 2007 start against Minnesota . Charlie Furbush retired the first two batters of the ninth	True
Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) also gave up four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and issued one intentional walk . He lost a perfect-game bid in the fifth	True
Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) also gave up four hits in eight innings . He struck out nine and issued one intentional walk . He lost a perfect-game bid in the fifth , and ran into trouble in the sixth	True
All that really mattered for the Rangers was the one Chirinos hit over the wall . Chirinos homered leading off the bottom of the ninth	True
Texas won both home games against the Dodgers , though the teams play again Wednesday and Thursday in Los Angeles . Gonzalez , the 23-year-old right-hander , gave up a one - out walk in the ninth	True
This is why the 38-year-old pitcher left money on the table in Philadelphia last winter to return to the Pirates . This is why he wanted his to end his career in a place where he helped spark a turnaround after two decades of misery . And this -- two - plus hours of spectacular work against the reeling Phillies -- is why the Pirates happily welcomed him back . While Josh Harrison owned the moment when he drove in Neil Walker with two outs in the bottom of the 11th	True
Something the Pirates are doing with regularity . Pittsburgh has won four straight , three of them by shutout to drop its team ERA to 2.83 , tops in the majors . Burnett 's 1.89 ERA trails only 24-year-old teammate Gerrit Cole 's 1.71 . Still , Pittsburgh needed a little help from Philadelphia to escape . Neil Walker singled off Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) with two outs in the ninth	True
Still , Pittsburgh needed a little help from Philadelphia to escape . Neil Walker singled off Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) with two outs in the ninth . Jose Tabata reached when Philadelphia shortstop Freddy Galvis threw a routine grounder into the stands . Harrison followed with a crisp shot up the middle . Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win after working the top of the 11th	True
Burnett spent a forgettable season with Philadelphia in 2014 , losing 18 games and leading the majors in walks before returning to Pittsburgh in the offseason for what he promises will be his final go-round . He is pitching like someone a decade younger , helped on Sunday by more than a little help behind him . Andrew McCutchen made a leaping grab at the center field wall in the first	True
Burnett spent a forgettable season with Philadelphia in 2014 , losing 18 games and leading the majors in walks before returning to Pittsburgh in the offseason for what he promises will be his final go-round . He is pitching like someone a decade younger , helped on Sunday by more than a little help behind him . Andrew McCutchen made a leaping grab at the center field wall in the first to take extra bases away from Ryan Howard , and Sean Rodriguez went all out to haul in a sinking liner to right Galvis in the fifth	True
Andrew McCutchen made a leaping grab at the center field wall in the first to take extra bases away from Ryan Howard , and Sean Rodriguez went all out to haul in a sinking liner to right Galvis in the fifth . Hamels did n't need much assistance , mostly because the Pirates had problems putting the ball in play . His only trouble spot came in the fourth	True
Andrew McCutchen made a leaping grab at the center field wall in the first to take extra bases away from Ryan Howard , and Sean Rodriguez went all out to haul in a sinking liner to right Galvis in the fifth . Hamels did n't need much assistance , mostly because the Pirates had problems putting the ball in play . His only trouble spot came in the fourth when two singles and a hit by pitch loaded the bases . Jordy Mercer grounded out to third	False
Hamels did n't need much assistance , mostly because the Pirates had problems putting the ball in play . His only trouble spot came in the fourth when two singles and a hit by pitch loaded the bases . Jordy Mercer grounded out to third to end the threat and Hamels went back to keeping Pittsburgh 's right-hand heavy lineup in knots . He retired 11 of the last 12 batters he faced , the final one a meek grounder by Burnett that went right back to Hamels . Rather than run to first	False
Despite going 0 for 4 , Buxton streaked home with the go-ahead run in the ninth inning and the Minnesota Twins beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 Sunday and ended a five - game losing streak . Regarded by many as the top prospect in baseball , the 21-year-old Buxton joined the Twins from Double-A . He batted ninth	False
Regarded by many as the top prospect in baseball , the 21-year-old Buxton joined the Twins from Double-A . He batted ninth and played center , filling out a depleted Minnesota outfield . Eduardo Escobar opened the Twins ninth	True
The Twins were missing outfielders Torii Hunter , who was serving his suspension for a uniform-tossing tirade , and injured Aaron Hicks . Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings and Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
Tolleson had been 8 for 8 in save situations since becoming the Rangers ' closer in mid-May . The Twins ' Brian Dozier opened the game with a home run , his 10th career leadoff shot and third	False
Anderson grimaced in pain as the ball rolled toward the third-base line , leaving the Diamondbacks without a play on Posey 's infield single . But the right-hander finished the inning and outpitched World Series MVP Madison Bumgarner as the Giants lost their sixth straight home game . Anderson ( 2 - 1 ) struck out two , walked one and plunked No . 7 hitter Matt Duffy twice before giving way to Daniel Hudson in the eighth	True
Backed by Ender Inciarte 's second-inning RBI single , Anderson snapped a three - start winless stretch since his previous victory May 20 at Miami . He said he might have had a slight advantage facing the Giants for the first time . Arizona did n't allow a runner past second	True
Bumgarner -- no surprise -- insisted he was unfazed . Duffy hit a leadoff single against Hudson in the eighth	True
Bumgarner -- no surprise -- insisted he was unfazed . Duffy hit a leadoff single against Hudson in the eighth and advanced on a wild pitch . He was tagged out at third	False
Duffy hit a leadoff single against Hudson in the eighth and advanced on a wild pitch . He was tagged out at third in a rundown after pinch-hitter Casey McGehee 's grounder . Brad Ziegler worked a perfect ninth	True
Brad Ziegler worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save as the Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in the last five against San Francisco . Giants left fielder Nori Aoki threw out Paul Goldschmidt at the plate to end the third	True
Stanton pulled a liner into the Rockies bullpen for a three - run homer in the first inning . He said he knew the ball was gone when he hit it , even though the trajectory was never higher than about 20 feet . It was only his second homer this year with more than one runner on base . He batted cleanup for the second straight game after previously hitting third	True
By contrast , Rusin regressed after beating Phelps last week . Miami 's Carter Capps struck out two in the ninth	True
De Jesus , a 28-year-old utility player , hit his first career homer in the series opener , a tiebreaking two - run shot for a 6 - 4 win . His three - run homer on Wednesday off Jerome Williams ( 3 - 6 ) made it 4 - 0 in the first inning , the Reds ' sixth homer in two games . Jon Moscot ( 1 - 1 ) got his first win in his second major league start . The 23-year-old right-hander gave up two runs and six hits in six innings . Aroldis Chapman retired the side in the ninth	True
Miller wo n't pick up a ball for 10 to 14 days . Michael Taylor hit a tying , two - run homer in the eighth	True
Michael Taylor hit a tying , two - run homer in the eighth against 22-year-old fellow rookie Jacob Lindgren . Tyler Moore led off the 11th	True
Tyler Moore led off the 11th with a single off Chris Capuano ( 0 - 4 ) and advanced on Jose Lobaton 's sacrifice and Danny Espinosa 's tapper back to the mound . Span then hit a high chopper up the middle . Second baseman Stephen Drew fielded the ball as he crossed second base but Span beat the one - hop throw . Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Drew Storen was perfect in the 11th	True
Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Drew Storen was perfect in the 11th for his 19th save , tying St. Louis ' Trevor Rosenthal for the NL lead . Alex Rodriguez had a tiebreaking double to end a 0 - for - 11 drought in a four - run seventh	True
Brett Gardner 's RBI double off Felipe Rivero tied the score 2-all , and Rodriguez and Brian McCann had run-scoring hits off Aaron Barrett . McCann 's single bounced off second base and over a perfectly positioned fielder . After Yunel Escobar singled to open the eighth	True
Lindgren then got a forceout before Taylor homered the opposite way to right field . No . 9 batter Espinosa doubled with two outs in the third	True
Lindgren then got a forceout before Taylor homered the opposite way to right field . No . 9 batter Espinosa doubled with two outs in the third for Washington 's first hit and scored on Span 's double . Espinosa homered in the fifth	True
The Royals went 2 - 9 over an 11-game stretch until Sunday . Now they 've won four in a row . Kyle Gibson ( 4 - 4 ) found a groove after Gordon 's big hit , finishing six innings with six strikeouts while allowing five hits and two walks , but he had little help . Plouffe , whose triple in the seventh	True
The Royals went 2 - 9 over an 11-game stretch until Sunday . Now they 've won four in a row . Kyle Gibson ( 4 - 4 ) found a groove after Gordon 's big hit , finishing six innings with six strikeouts while allowing five hits and two walks , but he had little help . Plouffe , whose triple in the seventh was Minnesota 's only hit against Chris Young the night before , homered off Luke Hochevar in the eighth	True
Except for that first inning . Eric Hosmer 's single drove in the first run . With two outs and a full count , Gibson left enough of a changeup over the plate for Gordon to drive it into the right-field seats for a 4 - 0 lead . The Royals stretched their lead with two of their three unearned runs in the seventh	True
And in an era of radar gun worship , Heston did n't throw a pitch faster than 91 mph . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) struck out 11 -- six looking -- and allowed just two balls into the outfield , flyouts by Wilmer Flores in the second inning and Michael Cuddyer in the seventh	True
As the Citi Field crowd of 23,155 gave Heston a standing ovation , Giants teammates came out of the dugout and bullpen to mob him . Heston had been extra nervous going into the ninth	True
`` Attack the zone . Do n't let the nerves get to me . Just throw quality strikes , '' he recalled . `` Taking a little more deep breaths out there . '' Brandon Crawford made a backhand stop deep at shortstop and threw to first	False
`` Attack the zone . Do n't let the nerves get to me . Just throw quality strikes , '' he recalled . `` Taking a little more deep breaths out there . '' Brandon Crawford made a backhand stop deep at shortstop and threw to first to retire Eric Campbell for the final out of the eighth	True
Brandon Crawford made a backhand stop deep at shortstop and threw to first to retire Eric Campbell for the final out of the eighth . Heston hit Tejada just below the left shoulder with one out in the fourth	True
Heston threw 72 of 110 pitches for strikes in the 35th complete-game no-hitter by a rookie in major league history , according to STATS , the first since Boston 's Clay Buchholz in 2007 . Heston hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Heston threw 72 of 110 pitches for strikes in the 35th complete-game no-hitter by a rookie in major league history , according to STATS , the first since Boston 's Clay Buchholz in 2007 . Heston hit a two - run single in the fourth off Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) and added another single in the eighth	True
Heston hit a two - run single in the fourth off Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) and added another single in the eighth . Angel Pagan hit an RBI groundout in the first	True
Heston hit a two - run single in the fourth off Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) and added another single in the eighth . Angel Pagan hit an RBI groundout in the first , Matt Duffy homered in the sixth	True
Heston hit a two - run single in the fourth off Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 4 ) and added another single in the eighth . Angel Pagan hit an RBI groundout in the first , Matt Duffy homered in the sixth and Joe Panik hit a leadoff homer in the seventh	False
Pinch-hitting in only his fourth at-bat of the season , Terdoslavich drove a pitch from Joaquin Benoit ( 4 - 3 ) over the fence in right-center . Then he put the hit in perspective for teammate Shelby Miller . The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring five runs in the sixth	True
The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring five runs in the sixth off Shields . Three reviews of calls at the plate were decided in Atlanta 's favor . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring five runs in the sixth off Shields . Three reviews of calls at the plate were decided in Atlanta 's favor . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth . Jason Grilli got through a shaky ninth	True
Will Venable drove in two runs for the Padres with three hits , including his fifth homer . Grilli , who lost a ninth-inning lead in Monday 's 5 - 3 loss in 11 innings , found more trouble . He gave up a one - out double to Yonder Alonso and , with two outs , walked Cory Spangenberg after throwing a wild pitch that allowed Alonso to advance to third	False
Shields allowed seven hits and five runs , four earned , in 5 1/3 innings . Andrelton Simmons hit a three - run double in Atlanta 's improbable five - run sixth	True
Jonny Gomes ' single brought Simmons to the plate for a collision with catcher Derek Norris on another close play . Simmons was called safe , and this time plate umpire Jerry Meals ' call stood following a review of 2 minutes , 41 seconds . Meals had another call overturned in the eighth	True
Jonny Gomes ' single brought Simmons to the plate for a collision with catcher Derek Norris on another close play . Simmons was called safe , and this time plate umpire Jerry Meals ' call stood following a review of 2 minutes , 41 seconds . Meals had another call overturned in the eighth on another play at the plate . Meals called Melvin Upton Jr. safe as he tried to score on a grounder to Uribe at third	False
Meals had another call overturned in the eighth on another play at the plate . Meals called Melvin Upton Jr. safe as he tried to score on a grounder to Uribe at third . Meals ' call was overturned only 49 seconds later . The review showed he was tagged by Bethancourt before scoring . Braves rookie Mike Foltynewicz gave up five runs on a career-high 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He was knocked out of the game by consecutive run-scoring doubles from Venable and Norris in the sixth	True
The game was played in front of 11,425 fans as Game 3 of the NBA Finals between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors took place across the street at Quicken Loans Arena . Roenis Elias ( 3 - 3 ) gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the second	True
The game was played in front of 11,425 fans as Game 3 of the NBA Finals between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors took place across the street at Quicken Loans Arena . Roenis Elias ( 3 - 3 ) gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the second , the only run the left-hander allowed in six innings . Gomes homered to lead off the ninth	True
Cano came into the game in a 10 for 59 skid in the last 15 games and was 6 for 36 on Seattle 's homestand . He was batting .239 with two homers and 18 RBI overall . Cano 's RBI double off Corey Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) put Seattle ahead in the first	True
Cano came into the game in a 10 for 59 skid in the last 15 games and was 6 for 36 on Seattle 's homestand . He was batting .239 with two homers and 18 RBI overall . Cano 's RBI double off Corey Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) put Seattle ahead in the first . Logan Morrison , who extended his hitting streak to 15 games , added a run-scoring double in the second	True
Cano came into the game in a 10 for 59 skid in the last 15 games and was 6 for 36 on Seattle 's homestand . He was batting .239 with two homers and 18 RBI overall . Cano 's RBI double off Corey Kluber ( 3 - 7 ) put Seattle ahead in the first . Logan Morrison , who extended his hitting streak to 15 games , added a run-scoring double in the second . Cano also doubled in the fifth	True
The Mariners , coming off a 2 - 9 homestand , won for only the second time in 10 games . Seattle has scored three runs or less in a club-record 13 straight games . Seth Smith added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Adam Jones also went deep to help the Orioles take two of three in the series . They have won three of four after losing five in a row . Wieters , who returned Friday from Tommy John surgery last season , connected in the ninth	True
Orioles manager Buck Showalter knows the 2014 version of Norris would make a big difference for his team . Norris allowed a run in the fourth	True
Norris , who entered with a 9.98 ERA , made his first start since May 10 . The right-hander went on the DL the following day . Jones homered with two outs in the first	True
Norris , who entered with a 9.98 ERA , made his first start since May 10 . The right-hander went on the DL the following day . Jones homered with two outs in the first . Manny Machado and Travis Snider had RBI in a three - run fourth	True
Carlos Carrasco ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five runs in four - plus innings , and the Indians ( 27 - 29 ) failed to reach .500 for the first time since they were 2 - 2 on April 10 . The right-hander retired the first two hitters in the fourth	True
The right-hander retired the first two hitters in the fourth before Baltimore loaded the bases with two singles and a walk . Machado 's infield hit made it 2 - 0 . Snider blooped a single to center for two more runs . Carrasco started the fifth	True
J. T. Realmuto had a career-high four hits for the Marlins , who have won three straight . Koehler has dominated the Rockies in four starts -- three in hitter-friendly Denver . He did n't allow a hit and faced the minimum Friday until Troy Tulowitzki and Carlos Gonzalez had consecutive two - out singles in the fourth	True
Koehler has dominated the Rockies in four starts -- three in hitter-friendly Denver . He did n't allow a hit and faced the minimum Friday until Troy Tulowitzki and Carlos Gonzalez had consecutive two - out singles in the fourth . Koehler kept throwing strikes after his teammates gave him an early lead . The Marlins scored twice in the second	True
Stanton 's drive , his 18th , traveled an estimated 478 feet . He entered Friday hitting .455 in his last five games against the Rockies , and he has at least one RBI in 13 of his 15 career games at Coors Field . Stanton singled in the fifth	True
Stanton 's drive , his 18th , traveled an estimated 478 feet . He entered Friday hitting .455 in his last five games against the Rockies , and he has at least one RBI in 13 of his 15 career games at Coors Field . Stanton singled in the fifth to help Miami tack on another run , and Realmuto had a leadoff triple to spark a two - run sixth	True
Stanton singled in the fifth to help Miami tack on another run , and Realmuto had a leadoff triple to spark a two - run sixth that made it 6 - 0 . The only run Koehler ( 4 - 3 ) allowed came after second baseman Dee Gordon slipped while fielding Charlie Blackmon 's grounder in the sixth	True
The only run Koehler ( 4 - 3 ) allowed came after second baseman Dee Gordon slipped while fielding Charlie Blackmon 's grounder in the sixth . Blackmon scored on a two - out single by Tulowitzki . Colorado loaded the bases again in the seventh	False
It was the 12th time this season a game in Denver has been postponed or delayed by weather . Colorado has had a total of 14 hours , 29 minutes , of rain delays at home this season . The Rockies scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
Houston starter Dallas Keuchel matched his shortest start this season at six innings after consecutive complete games . He allowed two runs and six hits with seven strikeouts . Houston had runners at first	False
Houston starter Dallas Keuchel matched his shortest start this season at six innings after consecutive complete games . He allowed two runs and six hits with seven strikeouts . Houston had runners at first and third	False
Houston had runners at first and third with no outs in the sixth inning , but Chen retired the next three batters , striking out two . Houston put runners at the corners with no outs in the seventh	True
Houston put runners at the corners with no outs in the seventh . O'Day replaced Chen with one out and walked pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus before to load the bases before striking out George Springer and retiring Jose Altuve on a flyout . Davis ' RBI single put Baltimore ahead in the first	True
Houston put runners at the corners with no outs in the seventh . O'Day replaced Chen with one out and walked pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus before to load the bases before striking out George Springer and retiring Jose Altuve on a flyout . Davis ' RBI single put Baltimore ahead in the first , Hank Conger 's homer run tied the score in the third	True
Houston put runners at the corners with no outs in the seventh . O'Day replaced Chen with one out and walked pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus before to load the bases before striking out George Springer and retiring Jose Altuve on a flyout . Davis ' RBI single put Baltimore ahead in the first , Hank Conger 's homer run tied the score in the third and Valbuena 's sacrifice fly put the Astros ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth	False
DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits to win his second straight start . The righty grew up an hour away in Freehold , New Jersey . He said between 25 and 30 family members and friends came to see him pitch . DeSclafani left with two runners on in the eighth	True
DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits to win his second straight start . The righty grew up an hour away in Freehold , New Jersey . He said between 25 and 30 family members and friends came to see him pitch . DeSclafani left with two runners on in the eighth and both scored . Aroldis Chapman , whose streak of 29 straight saves ended Wednesday night , tossed a perfect ninth	True
The Phillies rallied for walk-off wins Tuesday and Wednesday , but could n't pull off another comeback . Phillips lined an RBI double to left to tie it at 2 in the fifth	True
Ruiz was n't available for comment after the game . Billy Hamilton hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
Billy Hamilton hit a two - run single in the sixth to extend the lead to 5 - 2 . Phillips followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 2 . Ben Revere hit an RBI double in the eighth	True
Ben Revere hit an RBI double in the eighth and Chase Utley 's sacrifice fly got the Phillies to 6 - 4 . Frazier ripped an RBI double in the first	True
Frazier ripped an RBI double in the first after going hitless in 11 at-bats in the series . Revere hit his NL-leading fifth triple in the first	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Maikel Franco has quickly developed a knack for clutch hits . Cody Asche scored from second base on a fielding error by pitcher Ryan Mattheus in the 11th inning , lifting the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 4 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night after Franco hit a tying , three - run homer off Aroldis Chapman in the ninth	True
Cody Asche scored from second base on a fielding error by pitcher Ryan Mattheus in the 11th inning , lifting the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 4 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night after Franco hit a tying , three - run homer off Aroldis Chapman in the ninth . `` It 's a great feeling for everybody , '' said Franco , who hit a tying , two - run homer in the eighth	True
`` It 's a great feeling for everybody , '' said Franco , who hit a tying , two - run homer in the eighth in Philadelphia 's 5 - 4 win Tuesday night . Cincinnati starter Mike Leake took a no-hitter into the seventh	True
Cincinnati starter Mike Leake took a no-hitter into the seventh before Franco lined a single up the middle with two outs . In the 11th	True
`` We fight to the end , '' Galvis said . Seeking his first career shutout in 153 starts , Leake started the ninth	True
`` It 's hard to put into words , '' dejected Reds manager Bryan Price said . `` That 's two straight games we could n't finish them . '' Luis Garcia ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
Philadelphia starter Cole Hamels gave up two runs and six hits , striking out eight in seven innings . He remained 10 - 0 against the Reds , including playoffs . The ace lefty was a hard-luck loser last Friday when the Phillies were no-hit for 7 1 - 3 innings by Colorado 's Chad Bettis in a 4 - 1 loss . Leake was 0 - 3 with a 12.86 ERA in his previous three starts . But he dominated the Phillies . Leake retired his first 11 batters before walking Utley on a close 3 - 2 pitch . He hopped off the mound , thinking it was strike three . Leake also walked Carlos Ruiz in the sixth	True
Leake was 0 - 3 with a 12.86 ERA in his previous three starts . But he dominated the Phillies . Leake retired his first 11 batters before walking Utley on a close 3 - 2 pitch . He hopped off the mound , thinking it was strike three . Leake also walked Carlos Ruiz in the sixth . Brandon Phillips hit a two - run single to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Leake was 0 - 3 with a 12.86 ERA in his previous three starts . But he dominated the Phillies . Leake retired his first 11 batters before walking Utley on a close 3 - 2 pitch . He hopped off the mound , thinking it was strike three . Leake also walked Carlos Ruiz in the sixth . Brandon Phillips hit a two - run single to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Votto hit a two - run homer off Jake Diekman in the ninth	True
Brandon Phillips hit a two - run single to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Votto hit a two - run homer off Jake Diekman in the ninth , driving it 428 feet the opposite way to the left-center seats for a 4 - 0 lead . Reds first base coach Billy Hatcher dove out of the way on a wild throw by Franco after Zack Cozart hit a grounder to third	False
Brandon Phillips hit a two - run single to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Votto hit a two - run homer off Jake Diekman in the ninth , driving it 428 feet the opposite way to the left-center seats for a 4 - 0 lead . Reds first base coach Billy Hatcher dove out of the way on a wild throw by Franco after Zack Cozart hit a grounder to third in the ninth	True
They are off to the best start in franchise history with an American League-best 34 - 20 record . Carter homered in the second	True
Carter homered in the second and fifth innings , and George Springer added a solo shot in the sixth inning as the Astros improved to 21 - 0 when hitting multiple homers this season . In his fourth career start , McCullers ( 2 - 0 ) yielded four hits and struck out a career-best 11 to lower his ERA to 1.88 . McCullers had n't lasted more than six innings entering the game . He retired 15 in a row before a single by Adam Jones with two outs in the ninth	True
After Carter 's homer in the second inning , Gonzalez did n't allow another baserunner until Carter went deep again with one out in the fifth inning to put Houston up 2 - 1 . This time , Carter launched a 93 mph fastball onto the train tracks atop the wall in left-center field for his 11th career multihomer game and the first since Sept. 3 , 2014 . Carter has 10 homers this season after tying for second	False
Jones , who entered the game hitting .118 in five games against Houston this season , snapped a 0 - for - 12 slump with a triple , which bounced off the wall in left-center field , in the fourth inning . The Orioles tied it up when Delmon Young hit a single down the right-field line two outs in the inning . Baltimore did n't get another hit until the single by Jones in the ninth	True
DENVER -- Alex Guerrero hit it about as well as he could . Charlie Blackmon tracked it and timed his leap at the wall just right . For a brief second	False
`` I thought he had it , '' Mattingly admitted . `` I was just numb at that point . '' Guerrero , who entered the game as part of a defensive switch in the eighth	True
Joc Pederson homered in both games , and Kike Hernandez and Adrian Gonzalez also went deep in Game 2 . Josh Ravin ( 1 - 0 ) had his contracted selected from Triple-A Oklahoma before the game and earned the win in his major league debut by getting one out in the eighth	True
Josh Ravin ( 1 - 0 ) had his contracted selected from Triple-A Oklahoma before the game and earned the win in his major league debut by getting one out in the eighth . The team dumped cold water on him to celebrate . The Rockies rallied from an early four - run deficit . Troy Tulowitzki gave the Rockies a 7 - 5 lead with a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Josh Ravin ( 1 - 0 ) had his contracted selected from Triple-A Oklahoma before the game and earned the win in his major league debut by getting one out in the eighth . The team dumped cold water on him to celebrate . The Rockies rallied from an early four - run deficit . Troy Tulowitzki gave the Rockies a 7 - 5 lead with a two - run homer in the seventh . But the bullpen could n't hold it , even after Brandon Barnes added an RBI single in the eighth	True
The Rockies rallied from an early four - run deficit . Troy Tulowitzki gave the Rockies a 7 - 5 lead with a two - run homer in the seventh . But the bullpen could n't hold it , even after Brandon Barnes added an RBI single in the eighth for another insurance run . Weiss went with Betancourt in the ninth	False
That set the stage for Guerrero , who was simply `` looking for solid contact , '' he explained . The ninth	True
That set the stage for Guerrero , who was simply `` looking for solid contact , '' he explained . The ninth was far from smooth for Kenley Jansen , who gave up a one - out double to Carlos Gonzalez . He struck out Ben Paulsen to end the game with Gonzalez standing on third	False
Hand ( 1 - 1 ) did that for six innings and improved his career record as a starter to 5 - 18 in 33 outings . Even with the victory , his winning percentage as a starter ( .217 ) is the lowest in the majors among active pitchers with at least 20 decisions , according to STATS . Giancarlo Stanton helped Hand by hitting a solo homer , his 16th , and making a pivotal play in right field in the ninth	True
Giancarlo Stanton helped Hand by hitting a solo homer , his 16th , and making a pivotal play in right field in the ninth . Stanton has seven of Miami 's 14 homers at Marlins Park this year . Marcell Ozuna hit a two - out , three - run double off Kyle Hendricks that put Miami ahead to stay in the fifth	True
He has allowed two runs in 11 innings in two starts since joining the rotation when the Marlins lost three starters to injury and illness . Addison Russell 's baserunning blunder helped A. J. Ramos earn his fifth safe in seven chances . The Cubs trailed 5 - 2 in the ninth	True
He has allowed two runs in 11 innings in two starts since joining the rotation when the Marlins lost three starters to injury and illness . Addison Russell 's baserunning blunder helped A. J. Ramos earn his fifth safe in seven chances . The Cubs trailed 5 - 2 in the ninth and had runners at first	False
He has allowed two runs in 11 innings in two starts since joining the rotation when the Marlins lost three starters to injury and illness . Addison Russell 's baserunning blunder helped A. J. Ramos earn his fifth safe in seven chances . The Cubs trailed 5 - 2 in the ninth and had runners at first and second	False
He has allowed two runs in 11 innings in two starts since joining the rotation when the Marlins lost three starters to injury and illness . Addison Russell 's baserunning blunder helped A. J. Ramos earn his fifth safe in seven chances . The Cubs trailed 5 - 2 in the ninth and had runners at first and second with one out when Chris Coghlan singled to right , but Stanton fielded the ball and threw out Russell taking too big a turn at second	False
Hendricks ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs in six innings . Junior Lake had a pair of doubles and drove in a run for Chicago . About half the crowd of 23,789 rooted for the visitors , even chanting `` Let 's go Cubbies ! '' But the cheers were for the home team in the fifth	True
Hand 's hit helped the Marlins load the bases with none out , and Hendricks nearly escaped , striking out Stanton and retiring Justin Bour on a popup . But Ozuna lined the first pitch for a bases-clearing double and a 4 - 2 lead . Adeiny Hechavarria , batting for the first time in four days after being sidelined by a sore left shoulder , hit a two - out RBI double in the second	True
Adeiny Hechavarria , batting for the first time in four days after being sidelined by a sore left shoulder , hit a two - out RBI double in the second to put Miami ahead . Maddon elected to pitch to Hechavarria with a runner on second rather than walk him and let Hendricks face the opposing pitcher . Chicago scored in the third	True
Zobrist 's grand slam highlighted a five - run seventh inning for Oakland as the Athletics rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . It was by no means a towering shot , but it reached the first row of fans above the wall . Alfredo Simon ( 5 - 3 ) held the A 's to one hit over the first six innings , but the Tigers scuffled defensively in the seventh	True
The Tigers have lost a season-high five straight . Last-place Oakland has won four of five . With the A 's down 3 - 0 , Oakland 's Brett Lawrie led off the seventh	True
The Tigers have lost a season-high five straight . Last-place Oakland has won four of five . With the A 's down 3 - 0 , Oakland 's Brett Lawrie led off the seventh with a single and advanced to second	False
The Tigers have lost a season-high five straight . Last-place Oakland has won four of five . With the A 's down 3 - 0 , Oakland 's Brett Lawrie led off the seventh with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch , and Marcus Semien hit a one - out grounder that shortstop Jose Iglesias fielded while ranging well to his right . Iglesias flipped the ball toward third	False
With the A 's down 3 - 0 , Oakland 's Brett Lawrie led off the seventh with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch , and Marcus Semien hit a one - out grounder that shortstop Jose Iglesias fielded while ranging well to his right . Iglesias flipped the ball toward third to try to get Lawrie , but Nick Castellanos could n't handle the bouncing throw . Eric Sogard followed with a grounder to second	False
With the A 's down 3 - 0 , Oakland 's Brett Lawrie led off the seventh with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch , and Marcus Semien hit a one - out grounder that shortstop Jose Iglesias fielded while ranging well to his right . Iglesias flipped the ball toward third to try to get Lawrie , but Nick Castellanos could n't handle the bouncing throw . Eric Sogard followed with a grounder to second , but after moving to his left to field the ball , Ian Kinsler passed up an easy out at first	False
With the A 's down 3 - 0 , Oakland 's Brett Lawrie led off the seventh with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch , and Marcus Semien hit a one - out grounder that shortstop Jose Iglesias fielded while ranging well to his right . Iglesias flipped the ball toward third to try to get Lawrie , but Nick Castellanos could n't handle the bouncing throw . Eric Sogard followed with a grounder to second , but after moving to his left to field the ball , Ian Kinsler passed up an easy out at first and threw home instead -- but the runner held at third	False
The A 's lead the major leagues with 52 errors , but this time they were the ones capitalizing on another team 's problems . The Tigers were swept by the Los Angeles Angels in a four - game series out west , and they 're in third place in the AL Central after winning the division the last four years . Manager Brad Ausmus juggled the lineup Tuesday , moving Iglesias to the No . 2 spot and dropping Kinsler to fifth	False
The Tigers were swept by the Los Angeles Angels in a four - game series out west , and they 're in third place in the AL Central after winning the division the last four years . Manager Brad Ausmus juggled the lineup Tuesday , moving Iglesias to the No . 2 spot and dropping Kinsler to fifth . Detroit scored three runs in the fourth	True
Napoli liked a shoulder-high fastball and hit a high fly ball that bounced on the ledge atop the 37-foot-high wall . The 33-year-old first baseman had been on the trading block as someone who would be more useful to a contender than Boston , headed to a second straight last-place finish . De Aza had a pair of RBI singles , one in the first	True
Napoli liked a shoulder-high fastball and hit a high fly ball that bounced on the ledge atop the 37-foot-high wall . The 33-year-old first baseman had been on the trading block as someone who would be more useful to a contender than Boston , headed to a second straight last-place finish . De Aza had a pair of RBI singles , one in the first to tie the game 1 - 1 and another to give Boston a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
Napoli liked a shoulder-high fastball and hit a high fly ball that bounced on the ledge atop the 37-foot-high wall . The 33-year-old first baseman had been on the trading block as someone who would be more useful to a contender than Boston , headed to a second straight last-place finish . De Aza had a pair of RBI singles , one in the first to tie the game 1 - 1 and another to give Boston a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth . Blake Swihart also had two hits for the Red Sox , doubling with one out in the eighth	True
De Aza had a pair of RBI singles , one in the first to tie the game 1 - 1 and another to give Boston a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth . Blake Swihart also had two hits for the Red Sox , doubling with one out in the eighth and scoring on a wild pitch to make it 7 - 5 . Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) won despite allowing John Jaso 's two - run double that gave Tampa Bay a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
De Aza had a pair of RBI singles , one in the first to tie the game 1 - 1 and another to give Boston a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth . Blake Swihart also had two hits for the Red Sox , doubling with one out in the eighth and scoring on a wild pitch to make it 7 - 5 . Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) won despite allowing John Jaso 's two - run double that gave Tampa Bay a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
It was 0 - 0 to start the bottom of the ninth inning . Jed Lowrie drew a walk off Jose Alvarez ( 2 - 2 ) with one out before a two - out single by Marwin Gonzalez . Castro then launched his two - out shot off Fernando Salas into the seats in right field to give Houston the win . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Angels have dropped five of their last six . Kole Calhoun gave Los Angeles its first hit since the second inning with a single with one out in the sixth	True
The Angels have dropped five of their last six . Kole Calhoun gave Los Angeles its first hit since the second inning with a single with one out in the sixth , but Kazmir retired the next five hitters . Johnny Giavotella singled to start the eighth	False
The Angels have dropped five of their last six . Kole Calhoun gave Los Angeles its first hit since the second inning with a single with one out in the sixth , but Kazmir retired the next five hitters . Johnny Giavotella singled to start the eighth and became the first Angel to reach second	False
The Angels have dropped five of their last six . Kole Calhoun gave Los Angeles its first hit since the second inning with a single with one out in the sixth , but Kazmir retired the next five hitters . Johnny Giavotella singled to start the eighth and became the first Angel to reach second on a fly out . Shane Victorino drew a walk before Giavotella took third	False
Shoemaker retired the last 11 batters he faced after a single by Colby Rasmus with one out in the fourth inning . Erick Aybar singled to lead off the second inning before Kazmir retired the next 10 hitters . The next base runner came when Chris Iannetta walked with one out in the fifth	True
Erick Aybar singled to lead off the second inning before Kazmir retired the next 10 hitters . The next base runner came when Chris Iannetta walked with one out in the fifth , but the Angels could n't string any hits together after that . Luis Valbuena got the first start of his career at first base on Thursday night with Lowrie taking over at third	False
Hudson earned a win against the only team he had never beaten in a 17-year big league career , pitching the San Francisco Giants past the struggling A 's 4 - 3 on Sunday for a sweep in the Bay Bridge Series . Matt Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He also won his first game since turning 40 on July 14 . Buster Posey had a season-high four hits in the Giants ' sixth straight home win , fifth	False
He also won his first game since turning 40 on July 14 . Buster Posey had a season-high four hits in the Giants ' sixth straight home win , fifth in a row overall and 12th	False
Buster Posey had a season-high four hits in the Giants ' sixth straight home win , fifth in a row overall and 12th in 14 . The reigning World Series champion Giants recorded their seventh sweep of the season and first	False
Hudson ( 6 - 8 ) faced Oakland for the third time after losing the first two . The right-hander was a sixth-round draft pick by Oakland in 1997 and pitched his initial six major league seasons for the A 's from 1999 - 2004 . Hudson 's wild pitch in the second allowed the A 's to get one run back after Josh Reddick 's leadoff double . Brett Lawrie and pinch-hitter Billy Butler had consecutive run-scoring singles in the fourth	True
Third base umpire and crew chief Joe West checked the ball Hudson was throwing in the third -- the first time the pitcher has ever had that happen -- drawing boos from the sellout crowd of 42,034 . Hudson then hit his 19th career double in the bottom half . The Giants recognized West on the main scoreboard before the sixth	True
Combined with his nine home runs , Duffy has driven in himself and Angel Pagan 17 times . Oakland lost its fourth straight and fifth	False
Oakland lost its fourth straight and fifth in six . A 's rookie Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 7 ) lost his third straight start and failed to make it out of the fifth	True
Another Braves rookie , right-hander Matt Wisler ( 5 - 1 ) , allowed seven hits and walked three in seven innings , his longest outing since beating the Mets in his debut last month . Wisler struck out only two but was able to take advantage of a Cardinals ' lineup that rested regulars Yadier Molina , Jhonny Peralta and Mark Reynolds . The Braves took advantage of Wacha 's wildness to take a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took advantage of Wacha 's wildness to take a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Ryan Lavarnway grounded a double into the left-field corner to score Eury Perez , who had worked a one - out walk after falling behind 0 - 2 in the count . Following a two - out walk to Jace Peterson , Cameron Maybin singled on an 0 - 2 changeup to drive in Lavarnway . Wacha needed 51 pitches to get through the first two innings . The Cardinals evened the score with runs in the fourth	True
The Braves took advantage of Wacha 's wildness to take a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Ryan Lavarnway grounded a double into the left-field corner to score Eury Perez , who had worked a one - out walk after falling behind 0 - 2 in the count . Following a two - out walk to Jace Peterson , Cameron Maybin singled on an 0 - 2 changeup to drive in Lavarnway . Wacha needed 51 pitches to get through the first two innings . The Cardinals evened the score with runs in the fourth and fifth	True
The Cardinals evened the score with runs in the fourth and fifth . Rookie Stephen Piscotty , in his first start at home , drove in the first St. Louis run with a single that scored Jason Heyward . Heyward , scoring for the first time against his former team , initially was ruled out but the call was overturned following a 5-minute-8-second review that showed he slid in ahead of Lavarnway 's tag . Matt Holliday 's double into the right-field corner scored Kolten Wong , who also had doubled , to tie the game in the fifth	True
Pence is hitting .353 ( 18 - for - 51 ) since returning from the disabled list on July 7 and driven in 14 runs in the last 12 games . The Giants are 10 - 2 since he returned to the lineup . Jake Peavy ( 2 - 4 ) pitched six strong innings to earn his second straight victory . Buster Posey extended his hitting streak to 10 games with three hits and drove in a run , and Joe Panik and Angel Pagan each also drove in runs for the Giants , who won their ninth	False
Jake Peavy ( 2 - 4 ) pitched six strong innings to earn his second straight victory . Buster Posey extended his hitting streak to 10 games with three hits and drove in a run , and Joe Panik and Angel Pagan each also drove in runs for the Giants , who won their ninth in 10 games . Ben Zobrist hit a home run for the A 's , who lost their third	False
The rookie shortstop pointed to the dugout as he sprinted up the first base line after lashing a two - out , bases-loaded single that snapped an eighth-inning tie and lifted his team to a 3 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . The sputtering Rays rallied after being limited to two hits over seven innings by Orioles starter Chris Tillman , who came within six outs of winning his sixth straight decision before walking Kevin Kiermaier leading off the eighth	True
The sputtering Rays rallied after being limited to two hits over seven innings by Orioles starter Chris Tillman , who came within six outs of winning his sixth straight decision before walking Kevin Kiermaier leading off the eighth . Kiermaier stole second	False
Beckham received a Gatorade bath leaving the field . He hopes his teammates have n't doused his good fortune . Alex Colome ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Beckham received a Gatorade bath leaving the field . He hopes his teammates have n't doused his good fortune . Alex Colome ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jake McGee worked the ninth	False
Tillman picked up where he left off from a stellar performance at Detroit last weekend , walking three and striking out four while frustrating Tampa Bay most of the night . Chris Davis gave Tillman all the offensive support it looked like the right-hander might need with a RBI double in the fourth	True
Baltimore has lost four straight after getting swept by the first-place New York Yankees . Tillman yielded a leadoff single to Ian Kinsler and walked Victor Martinez in the first inning before finishing a one - hit , eight - inning outing by retiring the last 23 batters he faced in a 3 - 0 victory at Detroit last Saturday . He fanned the first two Rays and extended his streak to 28 consecutive hitters before walking David DeJesus with two outs in the second	True
Tillman yielded a leadoff single to Ian Kinsler and walked Victor Martinez in the first inning before finishing a one - hit , eight - inning outing by retiring the last 23 batters he faced in a 3 - 0 victory at Detroit last Saturday . He fanned the first two Rays and extended his streak to 28 consecutive hitters before walking David DeJesus with two outs in the second . Longoria doubled down the right-field line for the first hit off the Tillman , who also walked Beckham before escaping a jam in the fourth	True
Tillman yielded a leadoff single to Ian Kinsler and walked Victor Martinez in the first inning before finishing a one - hit , eight - inning outing by retiring the last 23 batters he faced in a 3 - 0 victory at Detroit last Saturday . He fanned the first two Rays and extended his streak to 28 consecutive hitters before walking David DeJesus with two outs in the second . Longoria doubled down the right-field line for the first hit off the Tillman , who also walked Beckham before escaping a jam in the fourth . Kiermaier bunted for a single in the fifth	True
Tillman yielded a leadoff single to Ian Kinsler and walked Victor Martinez in the first inning before finishing a one - hit , eight - inning outing by retiring the last 23 batters he faced in a 3 - 0 victory at Detroit last Saturday . He fanned the first two Rays and extended his streak to 28 consecutive hitters before walking David DeJesus with two outs in the second . Longoria doubled down the right-field line for the first hit off the Tillman , who also walked Beckham before escaping a jam in the fourth . Kiermaier bunted for a single in the fifth , but was stranded when Rene Rivera struck out and Steven Souza Jr. grounded to third	False
`` It was ice cold , just what I needed , '' Cooney after throwing seven solid innings , leading the Cardinals to a 4 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Randal Grichuk hit a two - run homer , his second	False
Cooney said the importance of the moment did not sink in until he looked up at the scoreboard right after the final out . Cooney had a successive scoreless string stopped at 12 innings when the Braves scored twice in the sixth	True
St. Louis catcher Yadier Molina did a solid job of guiding the rookie through the little trouble he encountered . Grichuk 's homer came in the second inning . He also hit a two - run homer in the second	True
St. Louis catcher Yadier Molina did a solid job of guiding the rookie through the little trouble he encountered . Grichuk 's homer came in the second inning . He also hit a two - run homer in the second on Thursday in a 4 - 3 win over Kansas City . His 11th	True
Grichuk 's homer came in the second inning . He also hit a two - run homer in the second on Thursday in a 4 - 3 win over Kansas City . His 11th of the season came off rookie Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up six hits and four earned runs in five - plus innings . He had allowed one earned run or less in all three of his previous starts . Kevin Siegrist retired the Braves in the ninth	True
Kevin Siegrist retired the Braves in the ninth for his fifth save in eight opportunities . He struck out Jonny Gomes with two on to end the game . St. Louis closer Trevor Rosenthal was given the night off after appearing in the previous three games . Peralta brought in Matt Carpenter with a run-scoring single in the third	True
Kevin Siegrist retired the Braves in the ninth for his fifth save in eight opportunities . He struck out Jonny Gomes with two on to end the game . St. Louis closer Trevor Rosenthal was given the night off after appearing in the previous three games . Peralta brought in Matt Carpenter with a run-scoring single in the third for a 3 - 0 lead . Reynolds drove in Grichuk in the fourth	True
SAN DIEGO -- After the Padres had given Andrew Cashner the lead , he was n't about to come out of the game . When interim manager Pat Murphy paid a visit to the mound after a leadoff triple in the seventh	True
Backed by home runs from Matt Kemp , Yonder Alonso and Brett Wallace , Cashner rewarded his manager 's decision by getting out of the jam and turning in seven solid innings in San Diego 's 3 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night . When Cole Gillespie tripled leading off the seventh	True
San Diego infielders were very vocal with Murphy as well as Cashner . Wallace hit his first homer with San Diego leading off the fourth	True
San Diego infielders were very vocal with Murphy as well as Cashner . Wallace hit his first homer with San Diego leading off the fourth to tie the game at 1-all . Alonso and Kemp hit back-to-back homers on consecutive pitches in the fifth	True
Cashner allowed a first-inning RBI double by Justin Bour , then clamped down on the Marlins as he ended their season-best three - game road win streak . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth	True
Cashner allowed a first-inning RBI double by Justin Bour , then clamped down on the Marlins as he ended their season-best three - game road win streak . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Craig Kimbrel got the final three outs , including retiring Suzuki on a grounder for the final out with runners on first	False
Cashner allowed a first-inning RBI double by Justin Bour , then clamped down on the Marlins as he ended their season-best three - game road win streak . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Craig Kimbrel got the final three outs , including retiring Suzuki on a grounder for the final out with runners on first and second	False
Hellickson allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out six with no walks . Carter Capps , hitting 100 mph on the Chase Field radar gun with his odd hop-off-the-pitching rubber delivery , threw a perfect eighth	True
A. J. Ramos completed the shutout for his 15th save after blowing one Sunday in Philadelphia . Hellickson gave up a one - out single to Martin Prado in the first	True
A. J. Ramos completed the shutout for his 15th save after blowing one Sunday in Philadelphia . Hellickson gave up a one - out single to Martin Prado in the first , then retired the next 13 hitters before J. T. Realmuto 's two - out double down the left field line in the fifth	True
A. J. Ramos completed the shutout for his 15th save after blowing one Sunday in Philadelphia . Hellickson gave up a one - out single to Martin Prado in the first , then retired the next 13 hitters before J. T. Realmuto 's two - out double down the left field line in the fifth . Realmuto stole third	False
Hellickson gave up a one - out single to Martin Prado in the first , then retired the next 13 hitters before J. T. Realmuto 's two - out double down the left field line in the fifth . Realmuto stole third and scored when Hechavarria singled up the middle . Morse , entering the game with just a .208 average , led off the seventh	True
Hellickson gave up a one - out single to Martin Prado in the first , then retired the next 13 hitters before J. T. Realmuto 's two - out double down the left field line in the fifth . Realmuto stole third and scored when Hechavarria singled up the middle . Morse , entering the game with just a .208 average , led off the seventh with his fourth home run of the season , an opposite-field shot to right . The left-handed hitting Yelich singled in the third run off left-hander Andrew Chafin in the eighth	True
Jon Lester got a shot at his second career no-hitter in strange fashion Saturday in Atlanta after a scoring change . The Cubs lefty talks afterward . A chopper down the line in the Braves ' first	True
Jon Lester got a shot at his second career no-hitter in strange fashion Saturday in Atlanta after a scoring change . The Cubs lefty talks afterward . A chopper down the line in the Braves ' first by Nick Markakis was originally ruled a hit . The scorer , longtime Atlanta sports writer Jack Wilkinson , changed his call in the top of the seventh	True
A chopper down the line in the Braves ' first by Nick Markakis was originally ruled a hit . The scorer , longtime Atlanta sports writer Jack Wilkinson , changed his call in the top of the seventh and charged an error to third baseman Kris Bryant , who let the ball get under his glove . `` At first	False
`` At first it was kind of confusing why all of a sudden it was changed , but at the end of the day it did n't matter . '' A. J. Pierzynski , Lester 's batterymate in Boston for the first half of the 2014 season , led off the eighth	True
Lester ( 5 - 8 ) had gone 10 starts without a win . He struck out seven , walked one and hit Pierzynski with a pitch in 7 innings . Lester pitched a no-hitter for the Red Sox in 2008 against Kansas City . Earlier this month , the lefty took a no-hit bid into the seventh	True
Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one earned run on six hits and three walks in 4 innings . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Manny Banuelos ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one earned run on six hits and three walks in 4 innings . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Bryant singled , moved to third	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Bryant singled , moved to third on an errant pickoff attempt by Banuelos and scored on Anthony Rizzo 's single . Chris Denorfia doubled in the fourth	False
Chris Denorfia doubled in the fourth and scored on a single by Starlin Castro . Rizzo added another RBI single in the Cubs ' two - run ninth	True
The AL Central-leading Royals won for the 10th time in 13 games . Cain doubled and singled early , then led off the 13th	True
Brandon Finnegan ( 3 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings in the four - hour , 56-minute game . Ryan Madson earned his first save in three chances -- and first since 2011 -- after allowing a single in the 13th	True
The Royals finished with 17 hits , including five doubles , and improved to 5 - 1 in extra-inning games . The White Sox tied it in the ninth	True
The White Sox tied it in the ninth on a two - out , two - run double by J. B. Shuck . Royals closer Greg Holland retired the first two batters before Adam LaRoche singled and Alexei Ramirez walked . Shuck 's hit handed Holland his third blown save in 23 opportunities . In the 10th	True
The White Sox tied it in the ninth on a two - out , two - run double by J. B. Shuck . Royals closer Greg Holland retired the first two batters before Adam LaRoche singled and Alexei Ramirez walked . Shuck 's hit handed Holland his third blown save in 23 opportunities . In the 10th , Cain walked and advanced on a wild pitch but was doubled off second	False
In the 10th , Cain walked and advanced on a wild pitch but was doubled off second on a lineout . Geovany Soto just missed a home run when he doubled off the center-field wall in the White Sox 12th	True
Geovany Soto just missed a home run when he doubled off the center-field wall in the White Sox 12th . Mike Moustakas ' sacrifice fly gave the Royals the lead in the eighth	True
Mike Moustakas ' sacrifice fly gave the Royals the lead in the eighth . After an intentional walk to Cain , Zach Duke struck out Eric Hosmer before Kendrys Morales drew a bases-loaded walk to score another run . Ramirez hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brian Dozier lost the All-Star Final Vote , then won the game . Dozier hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth	True
Hours after being passed over in the All-Star Final Vote , Brian Dozier capped an epic rally by the Twins with his second walk-off home run of the week . The Twins scored seven times in the ninth	True
The Twins scored seven times in the ninth off Soria and Bruce Rondon after being limited to one run by Justin Verlander , who went 7 innings . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless ninth , giving up two hits . Dozier was part of the American League 's final player vote for the All-Star Game and found out before the game he finished second	False
Dozier was part of the American League 's final player vote for the All-Star Game and found out before the game he finished second to Kansas City third baseman Mike Moustakas . Dozier -- who entered Friday tied with Toronto All-Star Josh Donaldson for the most extra-base hits in the majors -- hit a game-winning home run in the ninth	True
Dozier 's RBI single in the eighth chased Verlander , who had the best outing of his truncated season . Eddie Rosario had an RBI single in the ninth	False
Hernandez started the All-Star Game last year and could get the nod for a second straight year . Seattle 's ace was backed by a surprising offensive outburst . Morrison 's 12th homer of the season was just the start for Seattle . The Mariners had a season-high 19 hits , 12 off Angels ' starter Garrett Richards ( 9 - 6 ) , who could not make it through the sixth	True
Hernandez struck out six , winning for the first time since June 17 . He also reached 11 wins before the All-Star Game last year and has won at least 10 games prior to the break in each of the last three seasons . The Angels never had more than one runner on base at a time until the seventh	True
The surging Angels had won the first five games of their road trip and nine of 10 but Richards faltered . He had been 3 - 0 with a 0.97 ERA in his previous five games against Seattle . Richards tied his career high allowing the 12 hits -- eight after Seth Smith and Dustin Ackley led off the fourth inning with consecutive singles . The last was by Zunino with one out in the sixth	True
Scherzer ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing in more than a year . The five runs were more than he allowed in his previous four games combined , a stretch that included a no-hitter and a one - hitter . Votto was the main culprit . He doubled in a run in the first inning , hit a solo homer in the third	True
Scherzer ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing in more than a year . The five runs were more than he allowed in his previous four games combined , a stretch that included a no-hitter and a one - hitter . Votto was the main culprit . He doubled in a run in the first inning , hit a solo homer in the third and added an RBI single in the fifth	True
Scherzer gave up two runs before getting two outs . After Brandon Phillips opened the game with a single , Votto hit an RBI double and scored on a triple by Bruce . Votto made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
Votto made it 3 - 0 in the third with his 15th home run , a drive that soared over the right-field wall into the Washington bullpen . Cincinnati used an RBI single by Votto and a sacrifice fly by Todd Frazier to chase Scherzer in the fifth	True
Despite pitching well enough to win , Kluber ( 4 - 9 ) went 0 - 4 with two no-decisions in his previous six starts . But the defending AL Cy Young winner was on his game against the Astros , who managed just five singles and only got one runner to reach third base . Zach McAllister finished the seventh	True
Despite pitching well enough to win , Kluber ( 4 - 9 ) went 0 - 4 with two no-decisions in his previous six starts . But the defending AL Cy Young winner was on his game against the Astros , who managed just five singles and only got one runner to reach third base . Zach McAllister finished the seventh , worked the eighth	True
Zach McAllister finished the seventh , worked the eighth and Bryan Shaw , filling in for closer Cody Allen , finished up for his second save . Michael Brantley homered in the sixth	True
Kluber knows how that feels . The right-hander came in receiving the second-lowest run support average ( 2.43 runs ) in the majors , but did all he could to make the two runs he got on Tuesday stand up . Kluber also received a major boost from his defense in the sixth	True
Kluber knows how that feels . The right-hander came in receiving the second-lowest run support average ( 2.43 runs ) in the majors , but did all he could to make the two runs he got on Tuesday stand up . Kluber also received a major boost from his defense in the sixth while clinging to a 1 - 0 lead . First , center fielder Michael Bourn raced into the gap in right-center to make a lunging catch on Preston Tucker 's liner . Then , rookie shortstop Francisco Lindor made a spinning stop on a hard grounder before throwing to first	False
Kluber knows how that feels . The right-hander came in receiving the second-lowest run support average ( 2.43 runs ) in the majors , but did all he could to make the two runs he got on Tuesday stand up . Kluber also received a major boost from his defense in the sixth while clinging to a 1 - 0 lead . First , center fielder Michael Bourn raced into the gap in right-center to make a lunging catch on Preston Tucker 's liner . Then , rookie shortstop Francisco Lindor made a spinning stop on a hard grounder before throwing to first where Carlos Santana picked the ball to nip Carlos Correa at first	False
Looking for a spark , Francona shuffled his lineup , dropping struggling Carlos Santana into the No . 7 hole for the first time this season . Santana got two hits . But it was David Murphy 's two - out RBI double that gave Cleveland a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Looking for a spark , Francona shuffled his lineup , dropping struggling Carlos Santana into the No . 7 hole for the first time this season . Santana got two hits . But it was David Murphy 's two - out RBI double that gave Cleveland a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Brantley singled and scored all the way from first	False
But it was David Murphy 's two - out RBI double that gave Cleveland a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Brantley singled and scored all the way from first when Murphy pulled a pitch from Velasquez over the right fielder Tucker 's head . It was Kluber 's first lead at home since May 23 , and Brantley doubled it in the sixth	True
The Royals recorded 26 hits in their doubleheader sweep of the Tampa Bay Rays , who have lost nine of their past 10 . Angels left-hander Andrew Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) had another impressive outing in just his third career start . He allowed two runs and eight hits and struck out five in 7 1/3 innings . He surrendered a solo home run to Drew Stubbs in the third	True
The Royals recorded 26 hits in their doubleheader sweep of the Tampa Bay Rays , who have lost nine of their past 10 . Angels left-hander Andrew Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) had another impressive outing in just his third career start . He allowed two runs and eight hits and struck out five in 7 1/3 innings . He surrendered a solo home run to Drew Stubbs in the third and an RBI single to Troy Tulowitzki in the sixth	True
Angels left-hander Andrew Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) had another impressive outing in just his third career start . He allowed two runs and eight hits and struck out five in 7 1/3 innings . He surrendered a solo home run to Drew Stubbs in the third and an RBI single to Troy Tulowitzki in the sixth that extended his hitting streak to 19 games . Heaney 's outing was more than enough for the offense . Pujols hit a three - run shot in the first inning for his AL-leading 26th homer of the season . Joyce gave Los Angeles a 5 - 0 lead with his fourth	False
Angels left-hander Andrew Heaney ( 2 - 0 ) had another impressive outing in just his third career start . He allowed two runs and eight hits and struck out five in 7 1/3 innings . He surrendered a solo home run to Drew Stubbs in the third and an RBI single to Troy Tulowitzki in the sixth that extended his hitting streak to 19 games . Heaney 's outing was more than enough for the offense . Pujols hit a three - run shot in the first inning for his AL-leading 26th homer of the season . Joyce gave Los Angeles a 5 - 0 lead with his fourth of the year in the second	True
Heaney 's outing was more than enough for the offense . Pujols hit a three - run shot in the first inning for his AL-leading 26th homer of the season . Joyce gave Los Angeles a 5 - 0 lead with his fourth of the year in the second , and Trout hit his 22nd later in the inning to make it 8 - 0 . Iannetta ended Bettis ' night with a two - run homer in the third	True
Heaney 's outing was more than enough for the offense . Pujols hit a three - run shot in the first inning for his AL-leading 26th homer of the season . Joyce gave Los Angeles a 5 - 0 lead with his fourth of the year in the second , and Trout hit his 22nd later in the inning to make it 8 - 0 . Iannetta ended Bettis ' night with a two - run homer in the third , his third	False
Iannetta ended Bettis ' night with a two - run homer in the third , his third of the season . It was the roughest outing of the season for Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) , who had become a bright spot in the Rockies rotation . He took a no-hitter into the eighth	True
It was the roughest outing of the season for Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) , who had become a bright spot in the Rockies rotation . He took a no-hitter into the eighth at Philadelphia on May 29 and had allowed three runs or fewer in seven of his first 10 starts before faltering Tuesday . Colorado tried to rally in the eighth	True
It was the roughest outing of the season for Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) , who had become a bright spot in the Rockies rotation . He took a no-hitter into the eighth at Philadelphia on May 29 and had allowed three runs or fewer in seven of his first 10 starts before faltering Tuesday . Colorado tried to rally in the eighth . Charlie Blackmon reached on a one - out single , his third	False
It was the roughest outing of the season for Bettis ( 4 - 4 ) , who had become a bright spot in the Rockies rotation . He took a no-hitter into the eighth at Philadelphia on May 29 and had allowed three runs or fewer in seven of his first 10 starts before faltering Tuesday . Colorado tried to rally in the eighth . Charlie Blackmon reached on a one - out single , his third of the night , and went to third	False
Rollins came home on a double by All-Star rookie Joc Pederson , giving the Dodgers a 10 - 7 lead in a game that lasted 4 hours , 13 minutes . It was 3 minutes short of the longest nine - inning game in the majors this season . Batting ninth	True
Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 1 innings . He had his career-best scoreless streak snapped at 13 innings . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) got the victory in relief , striking out the only batter he faced . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) got the victory in relief , striking out the only batter he faced . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . All-Stars Adrian Gonzalez and Yasmani Grandal each hit a first-pitch homer for the Dodgers , who blew three leads . Gonzalez hit his 16th with two outs in the first	True
J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) got the victory in relief , striking out the only batter he faced . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . All-Stars Adrian Gonzalez and Yasmani Grandal each hit a first-pitch homer for the Dodgers , who blew three leads . Gonzalez hit his 16th with two outs in the first , and Grandal added a three - run shot that tied the game 6-all in the fifth	True
The Dodgers went ahead 7 - 6 on Howie Kendrick 's RBI single that scored Rollins , who singled . Kendrick went 4 - for - 5 and finished a home run shy of the cycle with a triple , double and two singles . Howard hit a three - run homer that gave the Phillies a 5 - 3 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers went ahead 7 - 6 on Howie Kendrick 's RBI single that scored Rollins , who singled . Kendrick went 4 - for - 5 and finished a home run shy of the cycle with a triple , double and two singles . Howard hit a three - run homer that gave the Phillies a 5 - 3 lead in the third . Freddy Galvis had a two - run shot in the second	True
The Dodgers went ahead 7 - 6 on Howie Kendrick 's RBI single that scored Rollins , who singled . Kendrick went 4 - for - 5 and finished a home run shy of the cycle with a triple , double and two singles . Howard hit a three - run homer that gave the Phillies a 5 - 3 lead in the third . Freddy Galvis had a two - run shot in the second and Odubel Herrera added a solo homer in the fourth	True
Howard hit a three - run homer that gave the Phillies a 5 - 3 lead in the third . Freddy Galvis had a two - run shot in the second and Odubel Herrera added a solo homer in the fourth , when the Phillies led 6 - 3 . They tied the game 7-all in the seventh	False
CHICAGO -- John Lackey beat one of his good friends . He also got some timely help from one of his teammates . Lackey threw seven scoreless innings , and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 0 on Monday , despite Jon Lester 's taking a no-hitter into the seventh	True
Lackey , who was a teammate of Lester 's in Boston from 2010 to 2014 , struck out four and gave up six hits while walking one and getting enough support from a Cardinals offense that scored more than three runs for the first time since June 28 . The Cubs had a good chance in the sixth	True
Signed to a six - year , $ 155 million deal the past offseason , Lester ( 4 - 7 ) remains winless in nine straight starts since beating Pittsburgh on May 16 . He allowed two hits and two unearned runs while striking out eight for Chicago , which had won five of six but was shut out for the seventh time . Lester 's bid for his second career no-hitter ended with one out in the seventh	True
Lester 's bid for his second career no-hitter ended with one out in the seventh , when Bryant could n't handle Jhonny Peralta 's sharp grounder in back of third base . That hit ended Lester 's streak of 18 batters retired . The Chicago defense then let Lester down when Bryant 's throw to second	False
Lackey and two relievers combined on a six - hit shutout , which helped St. Louis win its third straight while improving to 8 - 2 against Chicago this season . The Cardinals beat Chicago again , despite 's Lester getting the first hit of his career on an infield single in the second	True
Keuchel , no secret in baseball circles , found out Monday afternoon he had been chosen for the American League All-Star team . He then allowed three runs in six innings in Houston 's 9 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians . The left-hander ( 11 - 3 ) , who leads the league in wins and is second	False
Keuchel , who allowed nine hits and struck out eight , admitted he was n't at his best , but his offense picked him up . An anticipated pitching duel between Keuchel and Carlos Carrasco never materialized . Carrasco , who came within one out of a no-hitter against Tampa Bay on Wednesday , allowed five runs in four innings . The right-hander ( 10 - 7 ) gave up four runs in the first	True
Keuchel , who allowed nine hits and struck out eight , admitted he was n't at his best , but his offense picked him up . An anticipated pitching duel between Keuchel and Carlos Carrasco never materialized . Carrasco , who came within one out of a no-hitter against Tampa Bay on Wednesday , allowed five runs in four innings . The right-hander ( 10 - 7 ) gave up four runs in the first and Preston Tucker 's solo homer in the fourth	True
Jason Kipnis , selected to the All-Star team as a reserve at second base , was 1 for 3 with a sacrifice fly for Cleveland and extended his home hitting streak to 29 games . Cleveland scored in the third	True
Keuchel wo n't argue with his manager . Carrasco had last week 's no-hit bid broken up with two outs in the ninth	True
Trout celebrated his third straight year of being voted an All-Star starter in the outfield -- and fourth trip to the midsummer party -- with one of seven run-scoring singles or sacrifice flies for the Angels in the first three innings . The All-Star game is July 14 in Cincinnati . Calhoun 's three - run shot , his ninth	False
Trout celebrated his third straight year of being voted an All-Star starter in the outfield -- and fourth trip to the midsummer party -- with one of seven run-scoring singles or sacrifice flies for the Angels in the first three innings . The All-Star game is July 14 in Cincinnati . Calhoun 's three - run shot , his ninth , gave Los Angeles a 12 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Pujols , Calhoun and Johnny Giavotella had two hits apiece for the Angels , who outscored the Rangers 33 - 8 in the series . Pujols , whose solo homer in the fourth put Los Angeles up 8 - 1 , had two RBI along with Giavotella . The only hit off Wilson through four innings was Prince Fielder 's 13th home run in the first	True
The Angels had at least 15 hits -- their season high coming into the series -- in each of the three games . The Rangers got to Wilson with five hits combined in the fifth	True
The Angels had at least 15 hits -- their season high coming into the series -- in each of the three games . The Rangers got to Wilson with five hits combined in the fifth and sixth	True
Ryan Howard hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly with the bases loaded in the 10th inning , and Philadelphia beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 0 Sunday to stop a six - game losing streak . Odubel Herrera singled off Nick Masset ( 2 - 2 ) leading off the 10th	True
Ryan Howard hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly with the bases loaded in the 10th inning , and Philadelphia beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 0 Sunday to stop a six - game losing streak . Odubel Herrera singled off Nick Masset ( 2 - 2 ) leading off the 10th and broke for second	False
Following the game , Masset and Eveland were designated for assignment . The Braves recalled right-hander Arodys Vizcaino from Gwinnett and selected the contract of right-hander David Carpenter from the Triple-A farm team . Luis Garcia ( 3 - 3 ) pitched out of a first-and-third , one - out jam in the ninth	True
Atlanta 's Shelby Miller gave up seven hits and struck out eight in 6 1/3 innings , lowering his ERA to 2.07 . He is 0 - 3 in eight starts since a May 17 win at Miami despite a 2.80 ERA in that span . Franco singled leading off the eighth	True
The Marlins won despite hitting into a franchise record-tying five double plays , including one on a grounder by Bour . The Marlins trailed 5 - 3 to start the ninth	True
The Marlins had been 0 - 38 when trailing after seven innings . Now they will go for a three - game sweep of the reigning World Series champions , with ace Jose Fernandez returning Thursday from a layoff of more than a year following Tommy John surgery . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the Marlins , who won despite being out-hit 14 - 8 . They squandered a 3 - 1 lead and committed a season-high three errors , which led to two unearned runs . The comeback cost Florida native Chris Heston his ninth victory . Heston , pitching before more than 20 friends and relatives , went six innings for the Giants and allowed three runs , all in the third	True
With the defense charging , Haren made the decision to swing rather than bunt , Jennings said . Miami 's Dee Gordon , who hit a three - run inside-the-park homer Tuesday , this time stopped at third	False
Anderson pitched seven strong innings and the NL West-leading Dodgers beat the Diamondbacks for the ninth time in the past 10 meetings . They recorded their first winning road trip of the season with a 6 - 4 mark in the 10-game swing to Chicago , Miami and Arizona . Anderson ( 5 - 4 ) stranded six runners and allowed one run and seven hits , striking out seven and walking two . The run came on Aaron Hill 's home run in the sixth	True
The Dodgers ' defense got them out of a jam in the bottom of the inning , as Anderson picked off Nick Ahmed trying to steal and catcher A. J. Ellis raced up the first base line to catch a throw from first baseman Scott Van Slyke and tag out A. J. Pollock , who had stopped briefly after rounding first base on a single . The Dodgers scored three runs in the third	True
Kendrick has a seven - game hitting streak and is hitting .500 with eight RBI in that span . He is 24 for 65 ( .369 ) with runners in scoring position this season . Pollock had three hits and scored on Hill 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Kendrick has a seven - game hitting streak and is hitting .500 with eight RBI in that span . He is 24 for 65 ( .369 ) with runners in scoring position this season . Pollock had three hits and scored on Hill 's sacrifice fly in the eighth off reliever Yimi Garcia . The Diamondbacks got closer on David Peralta 's solo home run off closer Kenley Jansen in the ninth	True
Ortiz was n't around after the game to talk about his chase . Didi Gregorius had four singles for New York , which had scored 20 runs on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep over Atlanta . He flied out to the warning track with the bases loaded and two outs in the top of the ninth	True
Betts ' homer made it 2 - 1 . New York loaded the bases three times in the first five innings against Rodriguez , who escaped with Bradley 's help in the fourth	True
Betts ' homer made it 2 - 1 . New York loaded the bases three times in the first five innings against Rodriguez , who escaped with Bradley 's help in the fourth and struck out Greg Bird to end the fifth	True
By that point of his night , though , Walker had done his job . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth	True
Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth to earn his fifth save in as many opportunities . The Mariners snapped a scoreless tie in the sixth	True
Danks scattered seven hits over six innings , struck out five and took his third loss in his last four outings . Before Friday , Danks had n't allowed a home run since June 17 -- the same day he suffered his last home loss before giving up the two earned runs against the Mariners . Chicago , which finished with four hits , loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
He was an inch away from so much more . Verlander ( 2 - 6 ) retired the next three batters after Iannetta , who is hitting .188 , to finish his seventh career shutout and first	False
Verlander 's most recent no-hitter came at Toronto on May 7 , 2011 . He also pitched one against Milwaukee on June 12 , 2007 . Wednesday 's effort marked the seventh time in the last five seasons Verlander carried a no-hit bid into at least the seventh inning . He took one into the ninth	True
Four times now in 2015 a no-hit bid has been broken up in the ninth inning . Verlander struck out five consecutive batters before walking David Murphy on four pitches to start the eighth	True
Four times now in 2015 a no-hit bid has been broken up in the ninth inning . Verlander struck out five consecutive batters before walking David Murphy on four pitches to start the eighth , including Mike Trout looking at a breaking ball for the second	False
Four times now in 2015 a no-hit bid has been broken up in the ninth inning . Verlander struck out five consecutive batters before walking David Murphy on four pitches to start the eighth , including Mike Trout looking at a breaking ball for the second out in the seventh	True
Bettis ( 6 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out four in his first big league start since July 18 . He was coming back from right elbow inflammation . The Rockies scored two runs in the first	True
Bettis ( 6 - 4 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out four in his first big league start since July 18 . He was coming back from right elbow inflammation . The Rockies scored two runs in the first after Garcia misplayed a grounder to his left that could have been an inning-ending double play . Garcia let Nick Hundley 's grounder get right through him to start the fourth	True
The Rockies scored two runs in the first after Garcia misplayed a grounder to his left that could have been an inning-ending double play . Garcia let Nick Hundley 's grounder get right through him to start the fourth , allowing the Rockies to tack on two more runs when DJ LeMahieu came through with a two - out , bases-loaded single . Garcia made another error in the fifth	True
Atlanta starter Mike Foltynewicz ( 4 - 6 ) went five innings and took the loss . LeMahieu picked up his third RBI with a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
LeMahieu picked up his third RBI with a sacrifice fly in the ninth . Bettis also did good work at the plate . He had his first big league hit in the second	True
LeMahieu picked up his third RBI with a sacrifice fly in the ninth . Bettis also did good work at the plate . He had his first big league hit in the second and contributed to the two - run fourth	True
Freddie Freeman squandered a couple of chances to get the Braves back in the game . After Nick Markakis ' RBI single got Atlanta on the board in the fifth	True
Freddie Freeman squandered a couple of chances to get the Braves back in the game . After Nick Markakis ' RBI single got Atlanta on the board in the fifth , Nick Swisher popped out with runners at first	False
Freddie Freeman squandered a couple of chances to get the Braves back in the game . After Nick Markakis ' RBI single got Atlanta on the board in the fifth , Nick Swisher popped out with runners at first and third	False
After Nick Markakis ' RBI single got Atlanta on the board in the fifth , Nick Swisher popped out with runners at first and third , and Freeman grounded out to end the inning . Freeman came up in the seventh	True
Jimenez ( 9 - 8 ) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . The loss was the fifth straight for Baltimore and sixth	False
The two - run homer by Jones and a run-scoring double by Steve Clevenger in the fourth inning got the Orioles off to a good start , and Jimenez was cruising through five . The only run he had allowed was on an RBI groundout by Eric Hosmer in the third inning . Things completely unraveled for Jimenez in the sixth	True
BALTIMORE -- The Minnesota Twins had some key hits , got effective pitching and made several big defensive plays . They also capitalized on Baltimore 's mistakes . Trevor Plouffe hit a tying single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Twins took advantage of two errors in the 12th	True
Just when you thought it could n't get worse for the O 's , it did . And Manny Machado did n't pretend otherwise in an expletive-laced postgame interview . All-Star third baseman Manny Machado moved to shortstop for the first time in his major league career in the 12th	True
Just when you thought it could n't get worse for the O 's , it did . And Manny Machado did n't pretend otherwise in an expletive-laced postgame interview . All-Star third baseman Manny Machado moved to shortstop for the first time in his major league career in the 12th and misplayed a grounder by Eduardo Escobar , who slid in safely to second	False
Glen Perkins ( 2 - 4 ) , who had been dealing with a bulging disk and had n't pitched since Aug. 17 , picked up the win . Tommy Milone got his first career save . Brian Matusz ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss after Zach Britton blew his third save by allowing Plouffe 's tying single in the ninth	True
Brian Matusz ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss after Zach Britton blew his third save by allowing Plouffe 's tying single in the ninth . After allowing a two run-homer to Sano in the first	True
Twins starter Mike Pelfrey gave up three runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . Baltimore had gone 0 for 5 with runners in scoring position against Pelfrey before Schoop delivered an RBI single in the third	True
Moustakas ' two - run double capped a wild four - run ninth inning that carried the AL Central-leading Kansas City Royals to an 8 - 6 comeback victory over the Boston Red Sox on Sunday . The Royals had two runners cut down at the plate in the ninth	True
Moustakas also had a solo homer and RBI double for Kansas City , which salvaged a split of the four - game series . Boston led 6 - 4 going into the ninth	True
Moustakas also had a solo homer and RBI double for Kansas City , which salvaged a split of the four - game series . Boston led 6 - 4 going into the ninth . After left fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. threw out Omar Infante trying for the homer for the first	True
Boston led 6 - 4 going into the ninth . After left fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. threw out Omar Infante trying for the homer for the first out , Kansas City rallied with four hits , tying it on Eric Hosmer 's two - run single . Batting eighth	True
Bradley Jr. had two RBI doubles and a single for the Red Sox , who went 6 - 4 on a 10-game homestand -- all under interim manager Torey Lovullo , who took over for John Farrell on Aug. 14 . Farrell took a medical leave for the rest of the season to deal with Stage 1 Lymphoma . Boston trailed 4 - 2 , but scored twice in both the sixth	True
Bradley Jr. had two RBI doubles and a single for the Red Sox , who went 6 - 4 on a 10-game homestand -- all under interim manager Torey Lovullo , who took over for John Farrell on Aug. 14 . Farrell took a medical leave for the rest of the season to deal with Stage 1 Lymphoma . Boston trailed 4 - 2 , but scored twice in both the sixth and seventh	True
Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up six runs in 6 2/3 innings . Trailing 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Sill , Williams praised Espinosa 's value to team that will need to produce more consistently on offense to chase down the NL East-leading New York Mets . Harper hit two doubles , the first	False
Jonathan Lucroy , Scooter Gennett and Khris Davis homered for Milwaukee . Washington took a 5 - 2 lead in the third	True
Ian Desmond 's chopped single to the mound scored a run and Espinosa cleared the bases with a double off the very top of the out-of-town scoreboard in right center . Washington chased Garza in a four - run fifth	True
Not when they 've shown a propensity all season for turning them into victories . Kris Bryant and Miguel Montero had consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth	True
Kris Bryant and Miguel Montero had consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth as the Cubs extended Shelby Miller 's winless skid to 17 games with a 5 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday . Anthony Rizzo added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Anthony Rizzo added an RBI single in the seventh for Chicago . The Cubs , who remain in the thick of the NL wild-card chase , erased an early , 3 - 1 deficit , taking the lead in the two - run sixth	True
The Cubs , who remain in the thick of the NL wild-card chase , erased an early , 3 - 1 deficit , taking the lead in the two - run sixth . Jason Motte ( 8 - 1 ) earned the win in relief , starting a string of four innings during which Cubs relievers did n't allow a hit until pinch-hitter Nick Swisher doubled with one out in the ninth	True
Miller only allowed two hits , including Chris Coghlan 's solo homer , over the first five innings , but gave up five runs overall -- three earned -- after the Braves made a pair of critical errors . Miller struck out eight in 6 1/3 innings and walked four while scattering six hits . After allowing a first-inning home run to Coghlan , Miller retired 10 of 11 batters before running into trouble in the sixth	True
The Braves have lost five straight overall and 20 of 22 road games , the most recent which did n't get a lot of help from Atlanta 's defense . Chicago , which never led until the sixth	True
The Braves have lost five straight overall and 20 of 22 road games , the most recent which did n't get a lot of help from Atlanta 's defense . Chicago , which never led until the sixth , got to 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
Markakis scored on Freddie Freeman 's fielder 's choice in the first inning after lacing a sharp single on the game 's first pitch . But the early deficit did n't affect the Cubs , whose offense finally got to Miller in the sixth	True
Jared Hughes , who got Gregor Blanco to line out to end the seventh-inning threat , and Tony Watson completed the shutout . Walker hit his 13th home run in the sixth inning off Jake Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) to push the Pirates ' lead to 4 - 0 . They had gone ahead 2 - 0 on RBI doubles by Aramis Ramirez in the first	True
Jared Hughes , who got Gregor Blanco to line out to end the seventh-inning threat , and Tony Watson completed the shutout . Walker hit his 13th home run in the sixth inning off Jake Peavy ( 3 - 6 ) to push the Pirates ' lead to 4 - 0 . They had gone ahead 2 - 0 on RBI doubles by Aramis Ramirez in the first and shortstop Jung Ho Kang in the third	True
Thought to be a strength , the Kansas City Royals ' bullpen has shown some warts lately and might be a cause for concern going into October . Ben Zobrist singled with one out in the 10th	True
Ben Zobrist singled with one out in the 10th , the Royals ' first hit since Eric Hosmer 's RBI single in the first inning . After Hosmer walked , Morales singled against Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) as Kansas City improved to 7 - 2 in extra-inning games . Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Zobrist reached base 13 times in the series with seven hits and six walks . Kole Calhoun homered in the eighth	True
Kole Calhoun homered in the eighth off Wade Davis to put the Angels up 3 - 2 . Los Angeles closer Huston Street , however , could n't hold the lead in the ninth	True
Kole Calhoun homered in the eighth off Wade Davis to put the Angels up 3 - 2 . Los Angeles closer Huston Street , however , could n't hold the lead in the ninth . He walked the bases loaded before Alex Rios ' sacrifice fly scored Hosmer to tie the score . Mike Trout then made a diving catch of Paulo Orlando 's scorcher to right-center for the third	False
Hector Santiago gave up two runs and three hits to the first four batters he faced , but not allow a hit after that before departing after seven innings . Calhoun also tripled in the sixth	True
Alcides Escobar singled , his 32nd hit to leadoff the game , and scored on Zobrist 's double . Zobrist scored on Hosmer 's single that extended his streak to 10 games with a RBI , the longest in the majors this season . Royals catcher Salvador Perez was ejected in the seventh	True
It was Miller 's 10th start in which he did n't win despite allowing no more than one run -- the most in the majors . Instead of criticizing the lack of offense , he praised the fielders who helped extend the no-hit bid . Michael Bourn , acquired from Cleveland earlier this month , made a diving catch on David Peralta 's drive in foul territory down the left field line in the first	True
Michael Bourn , acquired from Cleveland earlier this month , made a diving catch on David Peralta 's drive in foul territory down the left field line in the first . The catch helped Miller survive walks to Ender Inciarte and Aaron Hill to open the game . Leading 1 - 0 , Miller 's no-hit try ended when Nick Ahmed led off the eighth	True
Miller , who struck out 10 , has a 3.03 ERA and eight losses during his drought . He had four walks . Maybin opened with the 10th	True
Maybin opened with the 10th with a drive over the left field wall on a 1 - 2 pitch off David Hernandez ( 0 - 3 ) . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the side in the top of the 10th	False
David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the side in the top of the 10th . Atlanta had runners on first	False
David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the side in the top of the 10th . Atlanta had runners on first and second	False
David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the side in the top of the 10th . Atlanta had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
Atlanta had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth when center fielder Inciarte made a leaping catch of Bourn 's drive to the right-center gap to send the game to extra innings . Inciarte drove in the tying run in the eighth	True
Los Angeles lost its ninth straight on the road . This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first	False
Los Angeles lost its ninth straight on the road . This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth	True
Los Angeles lost its ninth straight on the road . This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth , allowing Angels pinch runner Taylor Featherston to race home from third	False
Los Angeles lost its ninth straight on the road . This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth , allowing Angels pinch runner Taylor Featherston to race home from third and tie the game at 2 on Conor Gillaspie 's grounder to first	False
This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth , allowing Angels pinch runner Taylor Featherston to race home from third and tie the game at 2 on Conor Gillaspie 's grounder to first . With one out and runners at first	False
This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth , allowing Angels pinch runner Taylor Featherston to race home from third and tie the game at 2 on Conor Gillaspie 's grounder to first . With one out and runners at first and third	False
This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth , allowing Angels pinch runner Taylor Featherston to race home from third and tie the game at 2 on Conor Gillaspie 's grounder to first . With one out and runners at first and third , White Sox closer David Robertson got Gillaspie to bounce softly to Abreu at first	False
This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth , allowing Angels pinch runner Taylor Featherston to race home from third and tie the game at 2 on Conor Gillaspie 's grounder to first . With one out and runners at first and third , White Sox closer David Robertson got Gillaspie to bounce softly to Abreu at first , who tagged the bag for the second	False
With one out and runners at first and third , White Sox closer David Robertson got Gillaspie to bounce softly to Abreu at first , who tagged the bag for the second out . Rather than throwing home , Abreu threw to Alexei Ramirez who was covering second	False
With one out and runners at first and third , White Sox closer David Robertson got Gillaspie to bounce softly to Abreu at first , who tagged the bag for the second out . Rather than throwing home , Abreu threw to Alexei Ramirez who was covering second and pursued Johnny Giavotella in a rundown . After Ramirez obstructed Giovatella , he was ruled safe at second	False
Rather than throwing home , Abreu threw to Alexei Ramirez who was covering second and pursued Johnny Giavotella in a rundown . After Ramirez obstructed Giovatella , he was ruled safe at second to extend the inning . The weird tone was set when Robertson , who had his sixth blown save in 29 chances , struck out Erick Aybar on a pitch in the dirt to open the ninth	True
The weird tone was set when Robertson , who had his sixth blown save in 29 chances , struck out Erick Aybar on a pitch in the dirt to open the ninth . White Sox catcher Tyler Flowers tagged Aybar to complete the play and home plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth called Aybar out . But Aybar ran to first	False
Scioscia 's was more concerned about the sliding Angels ' inability to drive in runners . They left 14 on base and were 0 for 15 with men in scoring position despite scoring twice . White Sox starter John Danks pitched one - run ball into the eighth	True
Scioscia 's was more concerned about the sliding Angels ' inability to drive in runners . They left 14 on base and were 0 for 15 with men in scoring position despite scoring twice . White Sox starter John Danks pitched one - run ball into the eighth and was in line for the win after Ramirez doubled in the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
Angels rookie left-hander Andrew Heaney allowed two runs on six hits and struck out four in 5 2/3 innings . Gordon Beckham drove in Chicago 's first run with a sac fly . Gillaspie , making his first appearance against his former team , snapped an 0 - for - 17 slump with a double in the fifth	True
Chicago center fielder Trayce Thompson , the younger brother of Golden State Warriors star Klay Thompson , went 2 for 3 in his fifth big-league game . He 's 6 for 12 since his call-up from Triple-A Charlotte last Friday . White Sox rookie third baseman Tyler Saladino scored a run and sparkled in the field . He made an unassisted double play in the fifth	True
Chicago center fielder Trayce Thompson , the younger brother of Golden State Warriors star Klay Thompson , went 2 for 3 in his fifth big-league game . He 's 6 for 12 since his call-up from Triple-A Charlotte last Friday . White Sox rookie third baseman Tyler Saladino scored a run and sparkled in the field . He made an unassisted double play in the fifth , then threw out Mike Trout at home in the sixth	False
Rodon ( 5 - 4 ) had struggled in his previous four starts , going 1 - 2 with a 9.33 ERA . He did considerably better Tuesday , striking out a career-high 11 , allowing four hits and finishing seven innings for the first time for the White Sox , who have won the first two of the three - game series . He set the tone in the first	True
He set the tone in the first . Shane Victorino started the game with a walk and Kole Calhoun followed with a single . Rodon struck out Mike Trout and Albert Pujols , before getting Erick Aybar to fly out to left and end the inning . Melky Cabrera gave Chicago the lead in the fourth	True
He set the tone in the first . Shane Victorino started the game with a walk and Kole Calhoun followed with a single . Rodon struck out Mike Trout and Albert Pujols , before getting Erick Aybar to fly out to left and end the inning . Melky Cabrera gave Chicago the lead in the fourth with his two - run double against Hector Santiago . Thompson put the White Sox in front 3 - 0 with two outs in the fifth	True
Thompson , the son of former NBA player Mychal and brother of current Golden State Warriors star Klay , was playfully ignored in the Chicago dugout until making it almost to the end of the bench before getting mobbed by his teammates . David Robertson picked up his 23rd save in 28 tries for Chicago by pitching a perfect ninth	True
David Robertson picked up his 23rd save in 28 tries for Chicago by pitching a perfect ninth . Los Angeles ' last chance came in the eighth	True
David Robertson picked up his 23rd save in 28 tries for Chicago by pitching a perfect ninth . Los Angeles ' last chance came in the eighth . With one out , Chicago 's Zach Duke allowed a Victorino single before walking Calhoun . Jake Petricka replaced Duke , and Trout grounded to Jose Abreu but his throw to second	False
Los Angeles ' last chance came in the eighth . With one out , Chicago 's Zach Duke allowed a Victorino single before walking Calhoun . Jake Petricka replaced Duke , and Trout grounded to Jose Abreu but his throw to second was dropped by Alexei Ramirez to load the bases . Petricka ended the inning when he fielded Pujols ' tapper and flipped to home for the force and Tyler Flowers threw to first	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Angels were n't surprised when Baltimore manager Buck Showalter ordered intentional walks to sluggers Mike Trout and Albert Pujols with a runner at second	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- The Angels were n't surprised when Baltimore manager Buck Showalter ordered intentional walks to sluggers Mike Trout and Albert Pujols with a runner at second and two out in the bottom of the 11th	True
`` Those last four innings were money . It was just nice to be able to contribute again . '' Staked to a 4 - 2 lead , Weaver was one out away from qualifying for a win when he experienced some discomfort on the top of his right thumb in the fifth	True
Both of the Angels ' home runs had to be sorted out by video review . Giavotella led off the third	True
The Orioles contended that the ball was interfered with by a fan , but second base umpire Phil Cuzzi 's call stood after the crew got the word from the replay officials in New York . It was Murphy 's first homer for the Angels following the July 28 trade with Cleveland , and the 100th of his big league career . Calhoun 's drive with one out in the first also just made it over the wall in right-center . Cuzzi initially ruled the ball in play , and Calhoun stopped at second	False
Danks threw six scoreless innings on July 17 to beat Volquez . Volquez pitched seven strong innings and Lorenzo Cain doubled home the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
Danks ( 6 - 9 ) , who has a 9 - 2 career record against the Royals , gave up three runs on five hits and three walks in six innings . Cain , who tripled in the first inning but was stranded , doubled into the left-field corner to score Ben Zobrist for the initial run in the sixth	True
Cain , who tripled in the first inning but was stranded , doubled into the left-field corner to score Ben Zobrist for the initial run in the sixth . Eric Hosmer drove home Cain with a single , giving him 10 RBI in the past 11 games . Alex Rios , who played with the White Sox from 2009 - 13 , laced a double to left field to score Mike Moustakas , who had walked , with the first Kansas City run in the fifth	True
Alex Rios , who played with the White Sox from 2009 - 13 , laced a double to left field to score Mike Moustakas , who had walked , with the first Kansas City run in the fifth . Jose Abreu , who has hit safely in 16 of his past 17 games , doubled home Trayce Thompson , who led off the sixth	False
Jose Abreu , who has hit safely in 16 of his past 17 games , doubled home Trayce Thompson , who led off the sixth with an infield single for his first big league hit , for the first White Sox run . Luke Hochevar , who replaced Volquez in the eighth	True
Luke Hochevar , who replaced Volquez in the eighth , walked Tyler Flowers and yielded a double to Thompson to start the inning , but recovered to strike out Tyler Saladino and Abreu . Left-hander Franklin Morales retired Melky Cabrera on a fly to the right field warning track to strand the runners as the White Sox went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position . Greg Holland gave up a home run to Adam LaRoche in the ninth	True
Indians manager Terry Francona was n't surprised Hunter delivered with the game on the line . Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Indians manager Terry Francona was n't surprised Hunter delivered with the game on the line . Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Glen Perkins worked out of trouble in the ninth	True
Twins manager Paul Molitor knew the victory was more difficult than it should have been , but he was n't about to give it back . The Indians scored four runs in the third	True
Twins manager Paul Molitor knew the victory was more difficult than it should have been , but he was n't about to give it back . The Indians scored four runs in the third and five runs in the fourth	False
Twins manager Paul Molitor knew the victory was more difficult than it should have been , but he was n't about to give it back . The Indians scored four runs in the third and five runs in the fourth . Yan Gomes had four RBI , including a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Twins manager Paul Molitor knew the victory was more difficult than it should have been , but he was n't about to give it back . The Indians scored four runs in the third and five runs in the fourth . Yan Gomes had four RBI , including a three - run homer in the fourth that gave Cleveland a 9 - 7 lead . Minnesota scored a run in the fifth	True
The Indians scored four runs in the third and five runs in the fourth . Yan Gomes had four RBI , including a three - run homer in the fourth that gave Cleveland a 9 - 7 lead . Minnesota scored a run in the fifth , and Brian Dozier 's leadoff homer in the sixth tied it 9-all . Shaw retired Trevor Plouffe to start the ninth	True
Twins starter Mike Pelfrey could n't hold the big lead and remained winless since June 7 , a stretch of 10 starts . The right-hander allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley had three RBI for the Indians , including a two - run double in the fourth	True
Michael Brantley had three RBI for the Indians , including a two - run double in the fourth . Cleveland starter Cody Anderson retired the first six hitters but did n't get through the third	True
Philadelphia starter David Buchanan ( 2 - 6 ) lasted four innings and gave up seven runs and 10 hits . Gonzalez connected for his 22nd homer in the second	True
Philadelphia starter David Buchanan ( 2 - 6 ) lasted four innings and gave up seven runs and 10 hits . Gonzalez connected for his 22nd homer in the second to put the Dodgers ahead 6 - 5 . Greinke hit his fifth career homer in the third	True
Gonzalez connected for his 22nd homer in the second to put the Dodgers ahead 6 - 5 . Greinke hit his fifth career homer in the third to make it 7 - 5 . Greinke reached on an infield single for his third hit to start the sixth	True
Kenley Jansen got the final two outs to record his 21st save in 22 chances . He entered with two runners on and allowed a two - run double to Maikel Franco and a single to Ryan Howard before Brown lined into a double play to first baseman Gonzalez . The Dodgers jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first	True
`` Once I catch these two a few more times , it will be even better . '' Bruce Rondon pitched the eighth	True
Johnny Cueto ( 7 - 7 ) could n't pick up his first win for Kansas City despite only allowing two runs on five hits in seven innings . Cueto walked two and struck out two . The Tigers broke a scoreless tie in the third	True
The Tigers broke a scoreless tie in the third when Gose 's two - out triple over the head of Lorenzo Cain brought home Tyler Collins . Kansas City got its own RBI triple in the fourth	False
The Tigers broke a scoreless tie in the third when Gose 's two - out triple over the head of Lorenzo Cain brought home Tyler Collins . Kansas City got its own RBI triple in the fourth , this one off the bat of Kendrys Morales . It was his first triple since 2012 -- also against Detroit -- and just the fifth	False
Kansas City got its own RBI triple in the fourth , this one off the bat of Kendrys Morales . It was his first triple since 2012 -- also against Detroit -- and just the fifth of his nine - year career . Yet another triple let the Tigers regain the lead in their half of the fourth	True
Yet another triple let the Tigers regain the lead in their half of the fourth . Kinsler hit it into the right-centerfield gap and scored on Victor Martinez 's groundout . Rios singled and moved to third	False
Yet another triple let the Tigers regain the lead in their half of the fourth . Kinsler hit it into the right-centerfield gap and scored on Victor Martinez 's groundout . Rios singled and moved to third on a bad pickoff throw in the fifth	True
Chris Colabello hit a two - run home run , R. A. Dickey threw seven shutout innings and the Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 Sunday , taking three of four from the AL 's top team . Both benches and bullpens emptied after Toronto reliever Aaron Sanchez was ejected for hitting Kansas City 's Alcides Escobar on the thigh in the eighth	True
Chris Colabello hit a two - run home run , R. A. Dickey threw seven shutout innings and the Blue Jays beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 Sunday , taking three of four from the AL 's top team . Both benches and bullpens emptied after Toronto reliever Aaron Sanchez was ejected for hitting Kansas City 's Alcides Escobar on the thigh in the eighth . It was the climax of a game-long spat that began when Royals starter Edinson Volquez hit Josh Donaldson on the left shoulder in the first	True
Donaldson and Volquez traded stares and words as the Blue Jays slugger took a slow walk to first base after being hit . Home plate umpire Jim Wolf warned both dugouts . When Donaldson batted again in the third	True
When Donaldson batted again in the third , Volquez missed high and inside with a pitch that sailed to the backstop . Blue Jays manager John Gibbons came out to argue but Volquez was not ejected . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , Royals reliever Ryan Madson hit Troy Tulowitzki on the right forearm , then threw high and inside to Donaldson , who stepped out and yelled at Wolf . Gibbons and on-deck hitter Jose Bautista stepped in to break up the argument , and Gibbons was eventually ejected . After Donaldson struck out , Bautista made it 3 - 0 with a double to center , and yelled at Madson as he ran to first	False
Toronto scored a pair of insurance runs in the bottom half after Kelvin Herrera walked the bases loaded . Ben Revere hit a sacrifice fly and Tulowitzki had an RBI single . Osuna finished in the ninth	True
Toronto denied Volquez his third straight win and handed Kansas City its fourth loss in five games . Volquez retired Kevin Pillar and Ryan Goins to strand runners at the corners in the second	True
Toronto denied Volquez his third straight win and handed Kansas City its fourth loss in five games . Volquez retired Kevin Pillar and Ryan Goins to strand runners at the corners in the second before the Blue Jays opened the scoring in the fourth	True
Toronto denied Volquez his third straight win and handed Kansas City its fourth loss in five games . Volquez retired Kevin Pillar and Ryan Goins to strand runners at the corners in the second before the Blue Jays opened the scoring in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion led off with a single and Colabello followed with a drive to left , his 10th	False
Leake said he 'd like to figure out quickly where he 'll be pitching in 2016 . Bochy sounded optimistic about Leake re-signing with the Giants ; Leake also said he is open to returning . Jimmy Rollins singled in the fourth	True
There was no celebration this time , though the Giants relished playing spoiler to their longtime rivals by keeping them behind the Mets . Duffy hit his 12th home run of the season in the first	True
There was no celebration this time , though the Giants relished playing spoiler to their longtime rivals by keeping them behind the Mets . Duffy hit his 12th home run of the season in the first after Kelby Tomlinson drew a one - out walk off Dodgers starter Mike Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) . Duffy , who went into the game leading all NL rookies in hits , also singled in the sixth	True
There was no celebration this time , though the Giants relished playing spoiler to their longtime rivals by keeping them behind the Mets . Duffy hit his 12th home run of the season in the first after Kelby Tomlinson drew a one - out walk off Dodgers starter Mike Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) . Duffy , who went into the game leading all NL rookies in hits , also singled in the sixth and in the ninth	False
Duffy hit his 12th home run of the season in the first after Kelby Tomlinson drew a one - out walk off Dodgers starter Mike Bolsinger ( 6 - 6 ) . Duffy , who went into the game leading all NL rookies in hits , also singled in the sixth and in the ninth . Angel Pagan reached on an infield single in the third	True
Angel Pagan reached on an infield single in the third when Bolsinger was late covering the bag , and Tomlinson followed with an RBI double into the right-field corner to make it 2 - 0 . Noonan homered off Joel Peralta in the seventh	True
But that 's still the target for the Royals , who came within one victory of winning last year 's World Series . The win was a painful one for Kansas City . In the seventh	True
But that 's still the target for the Royals , who came within one victory of winning last year 's World Series . The win was a painful one for Kansas City . In the seventh , Lorenzo Cain fouled a pitch from Jose Quintana off his right knee . He remained in the game and grounded out to third	False
But that 's still the target for the Royals , who came within one victory of winning last year 's World Series . The win was a painful one for Kansas City . In the seventh , Lorenzo Cain fouled a pitch from Jose Quintana off his right knee . He remained in the game and grounded out to third but he did n't make it to first	False
Quintana remained winless since Sept. 12 despite going nine innings while allowing three runs and five hits . Chicago gave Quintana a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Quintana remained winless since Sept. 12 despite going nine innings while allowing three runs and five hits . Chicago gave Quintana a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Eaton 's run-scoring single . The White Sox had three singles off Volquez in the first	True
Quintana remained winless since Sept. 12 despite going nine innings while allowing three runs and five hits . Chicago gave Quintana a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Eaton 's run-scoring single . The White Sox had three singles off Volquez in the first and three more in the second	False
Chicago gave Quintana a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Eaton 's run-scoring single . The White Sox had three singles off Volquez in the first and three more in the second but only scored one run . Gordon led off the third	True
Gordon led off the third with his 13th home run over the fence in deep left-center field . Moustakas ' two - run homer in the sixth gave Kansas City a 3 - 1 lead . Jose Abreu hit his 30th homer in the seventh	True
Gordon led off the third with his 13th home run over the fence in deep left-center field . Moustakas ' two - run homer in the sixth gave Kansas City a 3 - 1 lead . Jose Abreu hit his 30th homer in the seventh for Chicago to pull within 3 - 2 . In the eighth	True
Jose Abreu hit his 30th homer in the seventh for Chicago to pull within 3 - 2 . In the eighth , Chicago tied the game with a double by Tyler Flowers when his drive to right off Kelvin Herrera went over Paulo Orlando 's head and bounced over the wall , bringing in Tyler Saladino . But Robertson could n't hold Kansas City in the 10th	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Thirteen days after the Texas Rangers roared past the Houston Astros to grab first place in the AL West , they find themselves trying to fend off a counterattack in their bid to claim their first division title since 2011 . Justin Verlander allowed one run in six innings , and Tyler Collins ' three - run home run sparked a five - run fifth	True
Colby Lewis ( 17 - 9 ) allowed six runs on 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing since June 5 . After Fielder 's homer , the Rangers loaded the bases with none out in the fourth	True
Hours after the Nationals suspended closer Jonathan Papelbon for fighting with teammate Bryce Harper in the dugout a day earlier , Max Scherzer came within five outs of his second no-hitter of the season , shutting down the Cincinnati Reds into the eighth inning while striking out 10 batters in a 5 - 1 victory Monday . Scherzer did not allow a hit until Tucker Barnhart singled to left field on a 1 - 2 count with one out in the eighth	True
Hours after the Nationals suspended closer Jonathan Papelbon for fighting with teammate Bryce Harper in the dugout a day earlier , Max Scherzer came within five outs of his second no-hitter of the season , shutting down the Cincinnati Reds into the eighth inning while striking out 10 batters in a 5 - 1 victory Monday . Scherzer did not allow a hit until Tucker Barnhart singled to left field on a 1 - 2 count with one out in the eighth . That came on Scherzer 's 105th pitch , and fans at the stadium rose to salute the right-hander with a standing ovation . To that point , the Reds only had three baserunners , on walks in the first	True
Hours after the Nationals suspended closer Jonathan Papelbon for fighting with teammate Bryce Harper in the dugout a day earlier , Max Scherzer came within five outs of his second no-hitter of the season , shutting down the Cincinnati Reds into the eighth inning while striking out 10 batters in a 5 - 1 victory Monday . Scherzer did not allow a hit until Tucker Barnhart singled to left field on a 1 - 2 count with one out in the eighth . That came on Scherzer 's 105th pitch , and fans at the stadium rose to salute the right-hander with a standing ovation . To that point , the Reds only had three baserunners , on walks in the first , third	True
Hours after the Nationals suspended closer Jonathan Papelbon for fighting with teammate Bryce Harper in the dugout a day earlier , Max Scherzer came within five outs of his second no-hitter of the season , shutting down the Cincinnati Reds into the eighth inning while striking out 10 batters in a 5 - 1 victory Monday . Scherzer did not allow a hit until Tucker Barnhart singled to left field on a 1 - 2 count with one out in the eighth . That came on Scherzer 's 105th pitch , and fans at the stadium rose to salute the right-hander with a standing ovation . To that point , the Reds only had three baserunners , on walks in the first , third and seventh	True
Did he ponder getting no-no No . 2 , which would have made him the first pitcher with two no-hitters in one regular season since Nolan Ryan in 1973 ? Barnhart wound up scoring on Skip Schumaker 's single , the only other hit allowed by Scherzer ( 13 - 12 ) , who left after the eighth	True
The Nationals began the season as World Series favorites , but their playoff hopes officially ended Saturday , when the Mets clinched the NL East title . Before the eighth inning , Schumaker came closest to getting a hit off Scherzer -- and he did so twice . In the third inning , left fielder Tyler Moore laid out for a diving catch , and in the sixth	True
On Wednesday , Papelbon plunked Baltimore star Manny Machado and was ejected from that game ; afterward Harper called the hit-by-pitch `` tired '' and worried aloud about whether the Orioles would retaliate by beaning him . Papelbon was suspended for three games by Major League Baseball for hitting Machado but appealed , allowing him to continue playing . On Sunday , Harper was replaced in right field for the ninth	True
Harper entered Sunday leading the league in batting average ( .339 ) , homers ( 41 ) , slugging percentage ( .663 ) and on-base percentage ( .470 ) . Papelbon ( 4 - 3 ) , who entered in the eighth	True
Harper entered Sunday leading the league in batting average ( .339 ) , homers ( 41 ) , slugging percentage ( .663 ) and on-base percentage ( .470 ) . Papelbon ( 4 - 3 ) , who entered in the eighth , went back to the mound for the ninth	True
The ace right-hander pitched seven dominant innings and homered in his major league-best 21st win , and Chicago stopped Pittsburgh 's eight - game win streak with a 4 - 0 victory over the Pirates on Sunday night . Arrieta ( 21 - 6 ) retired his first 18 batters before Gregory Polanco grounded a leadoff single into left field in the seventh	True
Of course , Pittsburgh still has a chance to catch St. Louis for the NL Central title . The Pirates trail the Cardinals by three games heading into a three - game set against the division leaders beginning Monday night in Pittsburgh . A. J. Burnett ( 9 - 6 ) pitched six effective innings in the season finale against the Cubs , but Arrieta shut down the Pirates right from the start . Pedro Alvarez 's leadoff fly ball to left in the sixth	True
A. J. Burnett ( 9 - 6 ) pitched six effective innings in the season finale against the Cubs , but Arrieta shut down the Pirates right from the start . Pedro Alvarez 's leadoff fly ball to left in the sixth was Pittsburgh 's first ball to leave the infield . Kris Bryant had an RBI single in the first	True
A. J. Burnett ( 9 - 6 ) pitched six effective innings in the season finale against the Cubs , but Arrieta shut down the Pirates right from the start . Pedro Alvarez 's leadoff fly ball to left in the sixth was Pittsburgh 's first ball to leave the infield . Kris Bryant had an RBI single in the first for Chicago , and Arrieta made it 2 - 0 with a one - out drive to right-center in the second	True
Kris Bryant had an RBI single in the first for Chicago , and Arrieta made it 2 - 0 with a one - out drive to right-center in the second . Arrieta 's second homer of the season led to a curtain call for the crowd of 40,617 at Wrigley Field . The Pirates threatened after Polanco 's single in the seventh	True
Kris Bryant had an RBI single in the first for Chicago , and Arrieta made it 2 - 0 with a one - out drive to right-center in the second . Arrieta 's second homer of the season led to a curtain call for the crowd of 40,617 at Wrigley Field . The Pirates threatened after Polanco 's single in the seventh . Arrieta hit Andrew McCutchen with one out , putting runners on first	False
Kris Bryant had an RBI single in the first for Chicago , and Arrieta made it 2 - 0 with a one - out drive to right-center in the second . Arrieta 's second homer of the season led to a curtain call for the crowd of 40,617 at Wrigley Field . The Pirates threatened after Polanco 's single in the seventh . Arrieta hit Andrew McCutchen with one out , putting runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers do have this going for them in that pivotal series by the Bay -- Zack Greinke is starting on Monday and Clayton Kershaw on Tuesday . Arenado hit his 41st homer in the fourth	True
The victory breaks an eight - game losing streak to the Rangers and ends a three - game skid overall for Houston , which increased its lead for the second AL wild card spot to one game over the Angels , who play later Saturday . Chris Carter and Colby Rasmus also homered for the Astros , who are second	False
Chris Carter and Colby Rasmus also homered for the Astros , who are second in the majors with 216 longballs this season . The six homers Texas gave up were a season high . The Astros trailed by 3 early before Correa 's second home run , this one a two - run shot , tied it at 4-in the third	True
Chris Carter and Colby Rasmus also homered for the Astros , who are second in the majors with 216 longballs this season . The six homers Texas gave up were a season high . The Astros trailed by 3 early before Correa 's second home run , this one a two - run shot , tied it at 4-in the third . Carter 's 418-foot home run to left-center put Houston on top 5 - 4 in the sixth	True
Chris Carter and Colby Rasmus also homered for the Astros , who are second in the majors with 216 longballs this season . The six homers Texas gave up were a season high . The Astros trailed by 3 early before Correa 's second home run , this one a two - run shot , tied it at 4-in the third . Carter 's 418-foot home run to left-center put Houston on top 5 - 4 in the sixth and Rasmus 's two - run drive extended the lead to 8 - 4 in the seventh	False
Altuve , who returned to the lineup after being injured in a collision with Correa Friday night , got his first multihomer game when he went deep again in the eighth inning . The Rangers scored three runs in the ninth	True
Altuve , who returned to the lineup after being injured in a collision with Correa Friday night , got his first multihomer game when he went deep again in the eighth inning . The Rangers scored three runs in the ninth off closer Luke Gregerson to cut the lead to 9 - 7 with two outs . Gregerson was replaced by Will Harris after he plunked Adrian Beltre to leave runners at first	False
Altuve , who returned to the lineup after being injured in a collision with Correa Friday night , got his first multihomer game when he went deep again in the eighth inning . The Rangers scored three runs in the ninth off closer Luke Gregerson to cut the lead to 9 - 7 with two outs . Gregerson was replaced by Will Harris after he plunked Adrian Beltre to leave runners at first and second	False
`` I know the fact they came back and ran him through all the tests and were n't overly concerned with what they saw , that 's a good thing , '' the manager added . Khris Davis homered off Trevor Rosenthal leading off the ninth inning for Milwaukee , atoning for a base-running gaffe earlier . Davis thought there were two outs instead of one when he kept running on a routine fly ball and was easily doubled off second	False
`` I know the fact they came back and ran him through all the tests and were n't overly concerned with what they saw , that 's a good thing , '' the manager added . Khris Davis homered off Trevor Rosenthal leading off the ninth inning for Milwaukee , atoning for a base-running gaffe earlier . Davis thought there were two outs instead of one when he kept running on a routine fly ball and was easily doubled off second in the fourth	True
Davis was 1 for 5 with four strikeouts against Rosenthal before lining a 1 - 1 fastball into the right-field bullpen . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) got the Brewers out of danger in the eighth	True
Martinez flinched after a called first strike to Adam Lind , then left the field with his glove covering his face and in apparent pain . Martinez is among the NL leaders in wins ( 14 ) and ERA ( 3.01 ) . Lefty Tyler Lyons replaced Martinez and had five strikeouts in a row in the second	True
Martinez flinched after a called first strike to Adam Lind , then left the field with his glove covering his face and in apparent pain . Martinez is among the NL leaders in wins ( 14 ) and ERA ( 3.01 ) . Lefty Tyler Lyons replaced Martinez and had five strikeouts in a row in the second and third	True
Lefty Tyler Lyons replaced Martinez and had five strikeouts in a row in the second and third . Jean Segura scored from second	False
Lefty Tyler Lyons replaced Martinez and had five strikeouts in a row in the second and third . Jean Segura scored from second to tie it at 3 in the seventh	False
Jean Segura scored from second to tie it at 3 in the seventh when rookie second baseman Greg Garcia could n't get the ball out of his glove on a two - out grounder by pinch-hitter Domingo Santana . Jonathan Lucroy had a pinch-hit RBI single in the sixth	False
Gonzalez walked two batters with one out in the second inning and both scored . With runners on first	False
Gonzalez walked two batters with one out in the second inning and both scored . With runners on first and third	False
With runners on first and third , Jimenez lined a two - out single to center to make it 1 - 0 . J. J. Hardy scored on a Nolan Reimold single . The Orioles have committed the fewest errors in the majors , but they picked up two in the fourth	True
Junior Lake , filling in for Adam Jones in center , dropped a flyball for a two - base error to start the inning . Another error , this one by Jonathan Schoop , allowed Washington to score , but the Orioles then turned a sparkling 2 - 5 - 5 double play ( aided by a replay review ) with Schoop covering first	False
Another error , this one by Jonathan Schoop , allowed Washington to score , but the Orioles then turned a sparkling 2 - 5 - 5 double play ( aided by a replay review ) with Schoop covering first to end the threat . The Orioles bumped it to 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
Stephen Piscotty doubled in the go-ahead run in a two - run eighth inning , a rally that began with Tommy Pham 's leadoff triple , and Rosenthal earned his 47th save in 49 chances to match the franchise record in a 2 - 1 victory on Monday night . Rookie Tommy Pham tripled off J. J. Hoover ( 8 - 2 ) to open the eighth	True
Rookie Tommy Pham tripled off J. J. Hoover ( 8 - 2 ) to open the eighth and Jhonny Peralta 's one - out single tied it ahead of Piscotty 's drive off the wall in left-center . It was the seventh go-ahead RBI for Piscotty in 55 games with St. Louis . Johnathon Broxton ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one hit the eighth	True
Reds rookie starter John Lamb held St. Louis scoreless for the second time this month , striking out six and allowing five hits in six - plus innings . Brandon Phillips had three hits including a first-inning RBI single . Cardinals starter Jaime Garcia allowed a run on five hits in seven innings . He lacked control in the first	True
Banister called the final scheduled off day Monday an opportunity `` to have a mental break , not an exhale moment . '' The Rangers open a three - game series Tuesday in Oakland , then play three games in Houston . Cano 's 17th home run , a three - run drive in the fifth	True
Hernandez gave up two runs , struck out five and matched a season high with five walks in 5 2/3 innings before leaving after 105 pitches with a stiff right elbow , a move the Mariners called precautionary . He is expected to take his next turn as scheduled at the Angels next weekend , when he could match a career best with a 19th victory . King Felix is 5 - 0 with a 1.83 ERA against Texas this year , only the fifth pitcher since 1972 to beat the Rangers five times in the same season . He is the first	False
Franklin Gutierrez followed Cano with his 15th homer , connecting off Ross Ohlendorf . Moreland hit his 22nd homer for Texas , a one - out solo shot to center in the second	True
Franklin Gutierrez followed Cano with his 15th homer , connecting off Ross Ohlendorf . Moreland hit his 22nd homer for Texas , a one - out solo shot to center in the second . Elvis Andrus had a bloop RBI single against a drawn-in infield after Rougned Odor 's one - out triple in the fourth	True
The maddening lack of consistency from Alfredo Simon , the Detroit Tigers ' most mercurial starting pitcher , continued Sunday against Kansas City . Morales homered in the third	True
The maddening lack of consistency from Alfredo Simon , the Detroit Tigers ' most mercurial starting pitcher , continued Sunday against Kansas City . Morales homered in the third , fourth	True
The maddening lack of consistency from Alfredo Simon , the Detroit Tigers ' most mercurial starting pitcher , continued Sunday against Kansas City . Morales homered in the third , fourth and eighth innings , becoming the first Kansas City player to go deep three times in a game since Danny Tartabull against Oakland on July 6 , 1991 . Morales ended up scoring five times on the day , but he was on deck when Eric Hosmer flied out and ended the top of the ninth	True
George Brett held the previous Royals record of 14 total bases . He did it in a 16-inning game in 1979 . The Royals scored two runs in the first	True
George Brett held the previous Royals record of 14 total bases . He did it in a 16-inning game in 1979 . The Royals scored two runs in the first , and Morales homered to lead off the third	True
The Royals scored two runs in the first , and Morales homered to lead off the third . Orlando 's two - run homer later that inning made it 5 - 0 . Detroit scored three runs in the third	True
Chen ( 10 - 7 ) allowed one run , six hits and struck out seven . He ended his outing by escaping a two - on , no-out jam . Darren O'Day worked a scoreless eighth	True
Darren O'Day worked a scoreless eighth before Zach Britton got three outs for his 34th save . Tampa Bay rookie Mikie Mahtook did n't start a day after tying a team record with five hits in a game . He entered as a pinch-runner in the eighth	True
Darren O'Day worked a scoreless eighth before Zach Britton got three outs for his 34th save . Tampa Bay rookie Mikie Mahtook did n't start a day after tying a team record with five hits in a game . He entered as a pinch-runner in the eighth and stole second	False
Infante drove in a career-high seven runs and the Royals overcame some early sloppiness for an 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Thursday night . A veteran infielder making his first start in 11 days , Infante hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Corey Kluber ( 8 - 14 ) , added a two - run double in the fifth	True
Infante drove in a career-high seven runs and the Royals overcame some early sloppiness for an 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Thursday night . A veteran infielder making his first start in 11 days , Infante hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Corey Kluber ( 8 - 14 ) , added a two - run double in the fifth after the Indians pulled their ace and hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
A veteran infielder making his first start in 11 days , Infante hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Corey Kluber ( 8 - 14 ) , added a two - run double in the fifth after the Indians pulled their ace and hit a two - run single in the seventh . Infante also had a sacrifice and nearly matched the offensive output of teammate Mike Moustakas , who set a team record with nine RBI on Saturday against Baltimore . Needing a triple to hit for the cycle , Infante lined out to center field in the ninth	True
Afterward , he treated his big night like it was nothing unusual . Yordana Ventura ( 12 - 8 ) went five innings , retiring struggling All-Star Jason Kipnis with the bases loaded to end the fifth	True
The Indians did n't make up any more ground in the wild-card race . They came in trailing Houston by four games for the second spot . Cleveland loaded the bases in the ninth	True
But as soon as Kluber left , the Royals pounced on left-handed reliever Kyle Crockett , who gave up Eric Hosmer 's RBI double that put Kansas City up 4 - 2 . Jeff Manship came on for Cleveland but walked Alex Rios , and Infante followed with his double to make it 6 - 2 . Infante 's second double pushed Kansas City 's lead to 8 - 3 in the seventh	True
On Wednesday , Francona joked that he might limit the right-hander to `` 140 - 150 '' pitches , but wound up pulling Kluber after 61 . Infante 's second homer of the season gave the Royals a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Kemp has 22 homers and 97 RBI , most for a Padres ' outfielder since Greg Vaughn had 119 in 1998 . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a solo homer off Cashner in the sixth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a solo homer off Cashner in the sixth to cut the Padres ' lead to 4 - 3 . Craig Kimbrell got the final four outs for his 37th save . He also got his first career at-bat in the eighth	True
Murphy said he let Kimbrell hit because he was reluctant to do a double-switch and remove any of his starters , for both offensive and defensive reasons . A. J. Pollock had three hits , including a double . David Peralta extended his hitting streak to 13 with a double in the fourth	True
A. J. Pollock had three hits , including a double . David Peralta extended his hitting streak to 13 with a double in the fourth . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases in the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks loaded the bases in the fourth on Peralta 's double and Cashner 's walks to Jake Lamb and Brandon Drury . Then Chris Owings lined a two - run single to right to give Arizona a 2 - 1 lead . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead when Cory Spangenberg singled home Brett Wallace , who had doubled , in the fourth	True
Minnesota ( 75 - 69 ) is 1 1 - 2 games back of Houston for the second AL wild card , but Hughes ( 10 - 9 ) lasted just three innings in his return from a month-long stint on the disabled list with a back injury . Hughes allowed two runs in the first	True
Minnesota ( 75 - 69 ) is 1 1 - 2 games back of Houston for the second AL wild card , but Hughes ( 10 - 9 ) lasted just three innings in his return from a month-long stint on the disabled list with a back injury . Hughes allowed two runs in the first off three hits and a walk , and Detroit scored again in the second	True
Neither Hughes nor Twins manager Paul Molitor knew what the next step is for Hughes , with Minnesota needing a starter for Sunday . Hughes could be considered , as could rookie Tyler Duffey . Alfredo Simon ( 13 - 9 ) pitched into the seventh inning for Detroit ( 66 - 78 ) , which was officially eliminated in the AL Central after winning the division title each of the last four years . Bruce Rondon allowed a run in the ninth	True
Alfredo Simon ( 13 - 9 ) pitched into the seventh inning for Detroit ( 66 - 78 ) , which was officially eliminated in the AL Central after winning the division title each of the last four years . Bruce Rondon allowed a run in the ninth before finishing for his fifth save . The Twins trailed 4 - 1 after six innings , but they had a chance to tie the game in the ninth	True
The Twins trailed 4 - 1 after six innings , but they had a chance to tie the game in the ninth . Brian Dozier walked and scored on Joe Mauer 's two - out double before Rondon struck out rookie slugger Miguel Sano . Sano had a two - run single in the seventh	True
The Twins trailed 4 - 1 after six innings , but they had a chance to tie the game in the ninth . Brian Dozier walked and scored on Joe Mauer 's two - out double before Rondon struck out rookie slugger Miguel Sano . Sano had a two - run single in the seventh , but Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play to preserve Detroit 's 4 - 3 advantage . The Tigers added another run in the ninth	False
Ackley , starting over rookie Greg Bird because he was 4 for 11 against Dickey coming in , homered for the first time since July 8 for Seattle against Detroit . New York went ahead in the second	True
Ackley , starting over rookie Greg Bird because he was 4 for 11 against Dickey coming in , homered for the first time since July 8 for Seattle against Detroit . New York went ahead in the second on sacrifice flies by Ackley and Didi Gregorius . Ackley , acquired from the Mariners on July 30 , hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Ackley , starting over rookie Greg Bird because he was 4 for 11 against Dickey coming in , homered for the first time since July 8 for Seattle against Detroit . New York went ahead in the second on sacrifice flies by Ackley and Didi Gregorius . Ackley , acquired from the Mariners on July 30 , hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Rodriguez added an RBI double in the eighth	False
The 40-year-old Rodriguez joked about the decline of his speed . Rodriguez added an RBI double in the eighth	True
The 40-year-old Rodriguez joked about the decline of his speed . Rodriguez added an RBI double in the eighth that chased Dickey , again showing excitement while standing on second	False
Josh Harrison hit a winning single in the 11th inning , and the Pirates rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 6 Sunday and remain 2 1/2 games behind St. Louis in the NL Central race . With the score 6 - 6 , pinch-hitter Travis Ishikawa singled off Tyler Thornburg ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced when left fielder Shane Peterson bobbled the ball for an error . Pinch-runner Pedro Florimon moved to third	False
Harrison , Andrew McCutchen and Jung Ho Kang had two hits apiece for the Pirates , and Pedro Alvarez hit his team-leading 23rd home run . Harrison went 8 for 19 as Pittsburgh won three of four in the series . Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) induced Scooter Gennett to hit into an inning-ending double play in the 11th	True
Khris Davis hit a two - run home run , his 20th , for the Brewers . Rookie first baseman Jason Rogers had a career-high four hits . Down 6 - 1 , the Pirates scored three runs in the fourth	True
Khris Davis hit a two - run home run , his 20th , for the Brewers . Rookie first baseman Jason Rogers had a career-high four hits . Down 6 - 1 , the Pirates scored three runs in the fourth and two in the seventh	False
In a game that started 2 hours , 20 minutes late because of rain , Colon ( 14 - 11 ) allowed seven hits , two runs , one walk and struck out two in 6 2/3 innings . The 42-year-old Colon , who added an RBI single in the fourth	True
In a game that started 2 hours , 20 minutes late because of rain , Colon ( 14 - 11 ) allowed seven hits , two runs , one walk and struck out two in 6 2/3 innings . The 42-year-old Colon , who added an RBI single in the fourth , led 4 - 0 before Jace Peterson 's RBI triple and Andrelton Simmons ' single in the seventh	False
Colon outpitched All-Star Shelby Miller ( 5 - 14 ) , whose winless streak reached 21 straight starts -- longest by Braves pitcher since Carl Morton went a franchise-record 22 without a victory from Sept. 10 , 1975-July 18 , 1976 . The Mets went up 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
Colon outpitched All-Star Shelby Miller ( 5 - 14 ) , whose winless streak reached 21 straight starts -- longest by Braves pitcher since Carl Morton went a franchise-record 22 without a victory from Sept. 10 , 1975-July 18 , 1976 . The Mets went up 3 - 0 in the fourth on Plawecki 's two - run double and Colon 's single . Uribe added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 in the seventh	False
The Mets went up 3 - 0 in the fourth on Plawecki 's two - run double and Colon 's single . Uribe added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 in the seventh . Plawecki had an RBI groundout for as New York took a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth	False
The Mets went up 3 - 0 in the fourth on Plawecki 's two - run double and Colon 's single . Uribe added an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 in the seventh . Plawecki had an RBI groundout for as New York took a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth . Uribe 's two - run double put the Mets up 7 - 2 in the ninth	False
Plawecki had an RBI groundout for as New York took a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth . Uribe 's two - run double put the Mets up 7 - 2 in the ninth . Colon stranded two runners in the first	True
Plawecki had an RBI groundout for as New York took a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth . Uribe 's two - run double put the Mets up 7 - 2 in the ninth . Colon stranded two runners in the first , one in the second	True
Plawecki had an RBI groundout for as New York took a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth . Uribe 's two - run double put the Mets up 7 - 2 in the ninth . Colon stranded two runners in the first , one in the second and one in the third	False
Dario Alvarez pitched 1 1/3 innings before Addison Reed got the final three outs . Miller , who allowed seven hits , three runs , two walks and struck out five in six innings , has now lost six games when giving up no more than one run . He began the night with a 2.81 ERA that ranked sixth	False
Blackmon jumped just at the wall and caught the ball near the top of the fence with one out in the ninth inning Thursday , preserving the Rockies ' 4 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres . Nolan Arenado hit his NL-leading 38th home run for the Rockies . Carlos Gonzalez hit his 37th homer , and Daniel Descalso hit a tiebreaking shot leading off the eighth	True
Arenado has homered in eight of his 11 games in September . He leads the league with 108 RBI . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the seventh	True
Matt Kemp homered for San Diego and has reached base in a career-high 30 consecutive games . San Diego starter Tyson Ross allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings and also drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Rodon also has nasty stuff , said Brantly , who made his second start with the White Sox at catcher . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off White Sox reliever Nate Jones in the eighth	True
Rodon also has nasty stuff , said Brantly , who made his second start with the White Sox at catcher . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off White Sox reliever Nate Jones in the eighth and pinch-hitter Jose Ramirez added a solo shot against Zach Duke in the ninth	True
The game started after a 64-minute delay due to anticipated storms that never amounted to more than light rain . Heavier thunderstorms had moved through the area earlier . Rodon escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second	True
The game started after a 64-minute delay due to anticipated storms that never amounted to more than light rain . Heavier thunderstorms had moved through the area earlier . Rodon escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second . He settled in after he was staked to a four - run lead on Brantly 's homer in the second	True
The game started after a 64-minute delay due to anticipated storms that never amounted to more than light rain . Heavier thunderstorms had moved through the area earlier . Rodon escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second . He settled in after he was staked to a four - run lead on Brantly 's homer in the second and Abreu 's solo shot in the third	False
The White Sox had lost their first six games at Kauffman Stadium before sweeping the Royals . David Robertson worked a flawless ninth	True
The AL-leading Royals were swept at home for the first time this season . Johnny Cueto ( 2 - 5 ) was pulled after three innings in his fourth straight loss . Kansas City pulled within one with two runs in the seventh	True
The AL-leading Royals were swept at home for the first time this season . Johnny Cueto ( 2 - 5 ) was pulled after three innings in his fourth straight loss . Kansas City pulled within one with two runs in the seventh . But Eaton doubled and scored on Jose Abreu 's sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
The White Sox scored three runs before making an out . Jose Abreu singled in Eaton , and Avisail Garcia drove in two runs with a base hit . Chicago tacked on two more runs in the third	True
Chicago tacked on two more runs in the third on Adam LaRoche 's RBI single and Rob Brantly 's sacrifice fly . Eaton added his 12th homer with one out in the sixth	True
Eaton added his 12th homer with one out in the sixth . The speedy leadoff hitter had six career homers in 211 games coming into the year . Perez 's second-inning homer was his team-leading 19th . Dyson and Moustakas went deep in the sixth	True
Detroit had lost seven of its previous eight games and was outscored 71 - 21 in that stretch . Simon ( 12 - 9 ) became the first Tigers pitcher besides Justin Verlander to win a game since beating the Rangers on Aug. 20 . This time , he did n't allow a hit until the sixth	True
Danny Salazar ( 12 - 8 ) lasted 3 2/3 innings , allowing six runs on eight hits and a walk . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a fluke play . With two out , Nick Castellanos and Tyler Collins singled to left , bringing James McCann to the plate . McCann hit a hard grounder up the middle -- one that looked like a fairly easy play for Indians shortstop Francisco Lindor -- but the ball ricocheted off Salazar 's heel and popped over Lindor into shallow left for an RBI single . Martinez made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a fluke play . With two out , Nick Castellanos and Tyler Collins singled to left , bringing James McCann to the plate . McCann hit a hard grounder up the middle -- one that looked like a fairly easy play for Indians shortstop Francisco Lindor -- but the ball ricocheted off Salazar 's heel and popped over Lindor into shallow left for an RBI single . Martinez made it 3 - 0 in the third , hitting his homer just out of the reach of Lonnie Chisenhall in right . Detroit had lost a baserunner earlier in the inning when Ian Kinsler was thrown out trying to steal second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a fluke play . With two out , Nick Castellanos and Tyler Collins singled to left , bringing James McCann to the plate . McCann hit a hard grounder up the middle -- one that looked like a fairly easy play for Indians shortstop Francisco Lindor -- but the ball ricocheted off Salazar 's heel and popped over Lindor into shallow left for an RBI single . Martinez made it 3 - 0 in the third , hitting his homer just out of the reach of Lonnie Chisenhall in right . Detroit had lost a baserunner earlier in the inning when Ian Kinsler was thrown out trying to steal second . It was Detroit 's 43rd caught stealing of the season , which leads the majors . They are just 13th	False
Martinez made it 3 - 0 in the third , hitting his homer just out of the reach of Lonnie Chisenhall in right . Detroit had lost a baserunner earlier in the inning when Ian Kinsler was thrown out trying to steal second . It was Detroit 's 43rd caught stealing of the season , which leads the majors . They are just 13th with 71 stolen bases . Rajai Davis kept Simon 's fledgling no-hitter intact with a diving catch in left-center to end the fourth	True
Rajai Davis kept Simon 's fledgling no-hitter intact with a diving catch in left-center to end the fourth , robbing Jerry Sands of extra bases . He then helped the Tigers expand the lead in the bottom of the inning . After Collins homered to make it 4 - 0 , McCann singled and scored on Davis 's triple , and Ian Kinsler followed with an RBI infield single . Michael Brantley got Cleveland 's first hit with a double down the line with two out in the sixth	True
Michael Brantley got Cleveland 's first hit with a double down the line with two out in the sixth . Left-hander Giovanni Soto , once traded from Detroit to Cleveland for Jhonny Peralta , made his major league debut with two out in the fifth inning . Collins hit his first pitch to Sands for an easy out , and Shawn Armstrong replaced Soto for the sixth	True
Martin Prado 's fifth hit of the game was a two - out double in the 11th inning that scored Christian Yelich from first base Friday night and gave the Miami Marlins a 6 - 5 victory . New York overcame an early 3 - 0 deficit to take the lead , and tied the seesaw game by scoring with a two - out rally in the ninth	True
Martin Prado 's fifth hit of the game was a two - out double in the 11th inning that scored Christian Yelich from first base Friday night and gave the Miami Marlins a 6 - 5 victory . New York overcame an early 3 - 0 deficit to take the lead , and tied the seesaw game by scoring with a two - out rally in the ninth . But the Mets stranded 13 runners , including three in the eighth	True
Martin Prado 's fifth hit of the game was a two - out double in the 11th inning that scored Christian Yelich from first base Friday night and gave the Miami Marlins a 6 - 5 victory . New York overcame an early 3 - 0 deficit to take the lead , and tied the seesaw game by scoring with a two - out rally in the ninth . But the Mets stranded 13 runners , including three in the eighth and three more in the ninth	True
They have scored 22 runs in the past three games but lost two of them . Mets starter Jacob deGrom went six innings , He allowed nine hits and three runs , all in the fourth	True
Mets starter Jacob deGrom went six innings , He allowed nine hits and three runs , all in the fourth , when he gave up four consecutive hits . The right-hander 's ERA has climbed to 2.40 from 1.98 on Aug. 24 , but he was in line for his 13th win before an uncharacteristically shaky showing by the bullpen in the seventh	True
Rookie Michael Conforto , batting cleanup for the first time because injuries left the Mets short-handed , went 0 for 6 with an RBI . David Wright went 0 for 5 . Cole Gillespie singled to open the 11th	True
Tom Koehler held the Mets to two runs in six innings . The Mets trailed 5 - 4 with two outs in the ninth	True
Tom Koehler held the Mets to two runs in six innings . The Mets trailed 5 - 4 with two outs in the ninth when Travis d'Arnaud singled off closer A. J. Ramos . D'Arnaud took third	False
He is eager to do anything to keep the Angels in the playoff mix . Pujols had an RBI single in the first inning , then hit his 555th career homer in the second	True
He is eager to do anything to keep the Angels in the playoff mix . Pujols had an RBI single in the first inning , then hit his 555th career homer in the second that tied Dominican Republic countryman Manny Ramirez for 14th	False
Gray ( 12 - 7 ) lost his third straight decision , matching his career high with six earned runs allowed for the first time since exactly a year earlier on Sept. 2 , 2014 , at Seattle . The All-Star righty gave up four straight singles to start the game . Gray 's wild pitch scored the first	False
David Murphy and David Freese each singled home runs in the first inning and C. J. Cron had an RBI groundout as Gray fell behind . Gray also dropped to 7 - 3 in 12 starts against the AL West this year and 19 - 8 for his career . Josh Phegley hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the first	True
Josh Phegley hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the first when the A 's pulled back within 4 - 3 . Oakland has homered in a season-high nine straight games , with 12 longballs . Brett Lawrie led off the eighth	True
CHICAGO -- Kris Bryant hardly had time to enjoy his latest home run . The rookie third baseman hit a tying drive in the eighth inning , then made a two - out error in the ninth	True
Minnesota 's Miguel Sano , Houston 's Carlos Correa and Cleveland 's Francisco Lindor all in the running for AL rookie of the year . Dickey ( 10 - 10 ) threw 92 pitches , including 68 strikes , in his second complete game of the season and 15th	False
Dickey ( 10 - 10 ) threw 92 pitches , including 68 strikes , in his second complete game of the season and 15th of his career . Now 7 - 0 since the All-Star break , he 's unbeaten in 10 starts dating to a July 9 road loss against the White Sox . Dickey set down 14 straight before Jason Kipnis hit a one - out single in the ninth	True
Cleveland lost consecutive games for the first time since Aug. 18 and 19 at Boston . They went 9 - 2 in between . Perfect through the first three innings , Dickey allowed back to-back singles to begin the fourth	True
Donaldson went 3 for 4 with three RBI , raising his ML-leading total to 111 . Donaldson and Troy Tulowitzki each had RBI singles in the first	True
Donaldson went 3 for 4 with three RBI , raising his ML-leading total to 111 . Donaldson and Troy Tulowitzki each had RBI singles in the first and Donaldson chased Bauer with a two - run double in the second	True
The 22-year-old righty had won five straight decisions since a 1 - 0 loss to Tampa Bay in his debut . With a runner on second	False
He threw strikes on 72 of his 101 pitches . The Brewers collected four consecutive hits in the first	True
The Brewers collected four consecutive hits in the first off Cole ( 15 - 8 ) . Ryan Braun drove in a run with a single and Adam Lind drove in two with a double as Milwaukee grabbed a 3 - 0 lead before Cole retired a batter . Jean Segura drove in another run in the inning on a two - out infield hit . Jonathan Lucroy 's run-scoring single extended Milwaukee 's lead to 5 - 0 in the second	True
Cole lasted four innings , his shortest outing of the season . He gave up five runs and eight hits . He walked one and struck out two . While Cole struggled , Nelson cruised . He retired 10 straight before Jung Ho Kang led off the fifth	True
While Cole struggled , Nelson cruised . He retired 10 straight before Jung Ho Kang led off the fifth with a double and then scored on Neil Walker 's single . Pedro Alvarez hit a leadoff home run in the eighth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit a leadoff home run in the eighth to cut the lead to 5 - 2 . The Brewers added two runs in the eighth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit a leadoff home run in the eighth to cut the lead to 5 - 2 . The Brewers added two runs in the eighth . Aramis Ramirez and Kang hit back-to-back homers in the ninth	False
Goldschmidt hit his 27th home run in the first inning but the Rockies rallied for two in the bottom of the inning to take the lead . Arenado hit a solo home run in the third	True
`` His ball was up , and when you pitch up at Coors Field you 're looking for trouble , '' Arizona manager Chip Hale . `` He started getting it down and then he used that upper part of the zone to get strikeouts . '' Arizona led most of the first game . Gosselin , acquired in a June 20 trade with Atlanta , doubled home a run in the third	True
`` His ball was up , and when you pitch up at Coors Field you 're looking for trouble , '' Arizona manager Chip Hale . `` He started getting it down and then he used that upper part of the zone to get strikeouts . '' Arizona led most of the first game . Gosselin , acquired in a June 20 trade with Atlanta , doubled home a run in the third , and then broke it open with a three - run shot off Miguel Castro ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
His three - run shot to left went an estimated 434 feet and gave Arizona a 6 - 2 lead . It was the second home run of his career . Patrick Corbin ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- homers by DJ LeMahieu in the second	True
Patrick Corbin ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- homers by DJ LeMahieu in the second and Kyle Parker in the fifth -- and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . The left-hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts against the Rockies . Daniel Hudson pitched the ninth	True
His hair obscuring the royal blue letters across the back of his white uniform , Cueto struck out four and walked three , allowing the fewest hits in a World Series complete game by an AL pitcher since Boston 's Jim Lonborg 's one - hitter against St. Louis in 1967 . Both New York hits were soft singles by Lucas Duda , an infield roller to third	False
His hair obscuring the royal blue letters across the back of his white uniform , Cueto struck out four and walked three , allowing the fewest hits in a World Series complete game by an AL pitcher since Boston 's Jim Lonborg 's one - hitter against St. Louis in 1967 . Both New York hits were soft singles by Lucas Duda , an infield roller to third that took advantage of the shift in the second inning and an opposite-field RBI single to left in the fourth	True
Both New York hits were soft singles by Lucas Duda , an infield roller to third that took advantage of the shift in the second inning and an opposite-field RBI single to left in the fourth . When Yoenis Cespedes flied to center for the final out , Cueto pointed to the sky , kissed his hand , tapped his chest softly twice and hugged catcher Salvador Perez . Cueto tossed the first World Series complete game by an AL pitcher since Minnesota 's Jack Morris won Game 7 against Atlanta in 1991 . DeGrom , 3 - 0 in the postseason coming in , allowed four runs , six hits and three walks over five innings in a hairy matchup of pitchers with contrasting long locks . Pitching with seven days ' rest , deGrom held Kansas City to one hit through four innings but got in trouble in the fifth	True
Ben Zobrist 's grounder advanced the runners , and Lorenzo Cain fouled off four pitches before a fly out to short center . Hosmer singled off the mound into center field for a 3 - 1 lead , and Kendrys Morales singled in another run . Gordon added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Unheralded Marco Estrada delivered a masterpiece with the Blue Jays needing a win to stay alive in the ALCS . Can ace David Price do the same ? Edinson Volquez was amped up , throwing harder than he had all year . But he lost it in the sixth	True
Edinson Volquez was amped up , throwing harder than he had all year . But he lost it in the sixth , and the Royals will try to close out the ALCS at home . Tulowitzki provided three of those runs . He broke the game open with a bases-clearing double off Kelvin Herrera in the sixth	True
Tulowitzki provided three of those runs . He broke the game open with a bases-clearing double off Kelvin Herrera in the sixth , giving him seven RBI in the series . Edwin Encarnacion had walked with the bases loaded against Edinson Volquez , who seemed flustered by a couple of close calls against the Royals . Kansas City totaled 22 runs and 30 hits in the first two games in Toronto , but Estrada faced the minimum 20 batters before Lorenzo Cain walked with two outs in the seventh	True
Tulowitzki provided three of those runs . He broke the game open with a bases-clearing double off Kelvin Herrera in the sixth , giving him seven RBI in the series . Edwin Encarnacion had walked with the bases loaded against Edinson Volquez , who seemed flustered by a couple of close calls against the Royals . Kansas City totaled 22 runs and 30 hits in the first two games in Toronto , but Estrada faced the minimum 20 batters before Lorenzo Cain walked with two outs in the seventh . Closer Roberto Osuna was perfect in the ninth	True
Yordano Ventura will start for the defending AL champions on Friday in Game 6 against David Price , the Game 2 loser . Estrada , a 32-year-old free-agent to be , kept the bullpen door closed for most of the afternoon , a day after Kansas City romped 14 - 2 in a game that saw infielder Cliff Pennington pitch in the ninth	True
Before 49,325 roaring fans , Chris Colabello 's solo homer into the left-field seats in the second gave Estrada a lead . It was the only mistake by Volquez , the Game 1 winner . Estrada did n't make a miscue until Salvador Perez homered with two outs in the eighth	True
Estrada did n't make a miscue until Salvador Perez homered with two outs in the eighth . Estrada retired his first nine batters , ending at four Escobar 's record streak of leading off playoff games with hits . Escobar , who entered 9 for 15 ( .600 ) , got Kansas City 's first hit when he opened the fourth	True
Zobrist promptly grounded into a double play to second baseman Ryan Goins . Kansas City had no other runners until Cain walked with two outs in the seventh	True
Kansas City had no other runners until Cain walked with two outs in the seventh . Price was up in the bullpen , but Estrada got Eric Hosmer to fly out . Volquez allowed just two singles after Colabello connected but lost the strike zone in the sixth	True
Herrera relieved and struck out Colabello . With the crowd chanting `` Tu-lo ! Tu-lo ! '' Tulowitzki sent a drive to the center-field wall , sending fans into a towel-waving frenzy . Bautista and Donaldson had consecutive doubles off Danny Duffy in the seventh	True
Herrera relieved and struck out Colabello . With the crowd chanting `` Tu-lo ! Tu-lo ! '' Tulowitzki sent a drive to the center-field wall , sending fans into a towel-waving frenzy . Bautista and Donaldson had consecutive doubles off Danny Duffy in the seventh to make it 6 - 0 , and Kevin Pillar doubled in a run in the eighth	False
Cueto allowed two hits , a single by Evan Gattis followed by Luis Valbuena 's second-inning homer , before retiring the final 19 batters he faced . He struck out eight without a walk in the kind of clutch performance the Royals expected when they got him from the Reds . When Wade Davis breezed through the ninth	True
The defending AL champs will host the Toronto Blue Jays in Game 1 on Friday night . The teams have met once before in the ALCS with the Royals winning in seven games in 1985 -- they would go on to beat the St. Louis Cardinals for their only World Series triumph . The Royals trailed the Astros 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
The defending AL champs will host the Toronto Blue Jays in Game 1 on Friday night . The teams have met once before in the ALCS with the Royals winning in seven games in 1985 -- they would go on to beat the St. Louis Cardinals for their only World Series triumph . The Royals trailed the Astros 2 - 1 in the fifth when Alex Rios led another comeback with a go-ahead , two - run double . Eric Hosmer and Ben Zobrist also drove in runs , and Kendrys Morales capped the festive night with a three - run homer off Dallas Keuchel in the eighth	True
Nothing , actually , after the second inning . And even that came thanks in part to a rare series of lapses by the Royals defense that briefly quieted a charged Kansas City crowd . With two outs in the second	True
On the next pitch , Valbuena sent his two - run homer streaking into the Astros bullpen . It was n't until the fourth	True
On the next pitch , Valbuena sent his two - run homer streaking into the Astros bullpen . It was n't until the fourth that Kansas City got a run back , on back-to-back singles by Cain and Hosmer . But by the fifth	True
Toronto led 3 - 0 even before Dickey threw his first pitch , with Josh Donaldson and Chris Colabello homering in the first inning . The Blue Jays made it three homers in the first eight batters against Derek Holland when Kevin Pillar connected in the second	True
Dickey , the 2012 NL Cy Young winner when he won 20 games for the New York Mets , allowed one run over 4 2/3 innings and was pulled with a 7 - 1 lead , with a runner on base . Shin-Soo Choo , already with two hits , was coming to the plate . Price needed only one pitch to retire Choo to end the fifth	True
The Blue Jays , in the playoffs for the first time since their 1993 World Series championship , have won nine of their last 10 postseason road games . Texas dropped to 1 - 9 in division series games at home . Dickey gave up five hits with three strikeouts and no walks . The Rangers got three runs off Price , who was gone after a two - out RBI single by Andrus in the eighth	True
Many viewed the acquisition of Hamels , who is signed through 2018 with a club option for 2019 , as a move for future seasons . Instead , the Rangers reached the playoffs for the seventh time . After Albert Pujols hit his 40th homer in the first	True
Many viewed the acquisition of Hamels , who is signed through 2018 with a club option for 2019 , as a move for future seasons . Instead , the Rangers reached the playoffs for the seventh time . After Albert Pujols hit his 40th homer in the first to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead , Hamels allowed only one more hit , Shane Victorino 's one - out double in the second	True
After Albert Pujols hit his 40th homer in the first to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead , Hamels allowed only one more hit , Shane Victorino 's one - out double in the second . Texas went ahead to stay in the fifth	True
Pittsburgh still needs a win Sunday or a Cubs loss to host the one - game playoff Wednesday night . If the Cubs beat Milwaukee -- and the Pirates lose to Cincinnati again -- the wild-card showdown would be played at Wrigley Field . Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) held Milwaukee without a baserunner until Martin Maldonado singled with one out in the sixth	True
Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) held Milwaukee without a baserunner until Martin Maldonado singled with one out in the sixth . Maldonado grounded into a double play two innings later that allowed reliever Fernando Rodney to escape a first-and-third jam with one out . Hector Rondon tossed a hitless ninth	True
Hector Rondon tossed a hitless ninth for his 30th save . Addison Russell drove in the game 's only run off Tyler Wagner ( 0 - 2 ) , singling home Chris Coughlan from third	False
Players then put on goggles in the clubhouse as they sprayed champagne . While the Yankees poured bubbly on their navy carpet for the first time since beating Baltimore in the 2012 division series , a wild card is n't what they expected . New York led the AL East by seven games before play on July 29 but has been a .500 club since then . The Yankees had never before failed to finish first	False
While the Yankees poured bubbly on their navy carpet for the first time since beating Baltimore in the 2012 division series , a wild card is n't what they expected . New York led the AL East by seven games before play on July 29 but has been a .500 club since then . The Yankees had never before failed to finish first in a season in which they led by more than six games . After losing the first three games of the series , New York built a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
After losing the first three games of the series , New York built a 2 - 0 lead in the second against former Yankee Rich Hill ( 2 - 1 ) , who revived his career this summer during a stint with the Long Island Ducks of the independent Atlantic League . Beltran hit his 19th homer , an opposite-field drive over the right-field scoreboard , and No . 9 hitter Brendan Ryan singled in a run for his first RBI since July 31 . Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) , who gave up an RBI single to Mookie Betts in the fifth	True
After losing the first three games of the series , New York built a 2 - 0 lead in the second against former Yankee Rich Hill ( 2 - 1 ) , who revived his career this summer during a stint with the Long Island Ducks of the independent Atlantic League . Beltran hit his 19th homer , an opposite-field drive over the right-field scoreboard , and No . 9 hitter Brendan Ryan singled in a run for his first RBI since July 31 . Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) , who gave up an RBI single to Mookie Betts in the fifth , is 2 - 1 with a 2.17 ERA in five starts since returning from the disabled list and wrapping a tighter brace around his surgically repaired right knee . Adam Warren pitched three scoreless innings that included a behind-the-legs glove stop of Sandy Leon 's grounder for the final out of the sixth	True
Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) , who gave up an RBI single to Mookie Betts in the fifth , is 2 - 1 with a 2.17 ERA in five starts since returning from the disabled list and wrapping a tighter brace around his surgically repaired right knee . Adam Warren pitched three scoreless innings that included a behind-the-legs glove stop of Sandy Leon 's grounder for the final out of the sixth with a man on . Bird homered off Jean Machi in the seventh	False
Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) , who gave up an RBI single to Mookie Betts in the fifth , is 2 - 1 with a 2.17 ERA in five starts since returning from the disabled list and wrapping a tighter brace around his surgically repaired right knee . Adam Warren pitched three scoreless innings that included a behind-the-legs glove stop of Sandy Leon 's grounder for the final out of the sixth with a man on . Bird homered off Jean Machi in the seventh , and Refsnyder added an insurance run by homering off Heath Hembree in the eighth	False
Sabathia thought back to his late-summer stint on the DL . But now Sabathia was excited `` to be able to pop champagne and exhale for a second	False
Odor matched a club record with three doubles , one initially ruled a foul ball in a six - run inning , and Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the Rangers ' 7 - 2 victory on Saturday night . Odor 's second double was in that big third inning . After initially ruled a foul ball , Rangers manager Jeff Banister challenged the call . After a delay of about 3 1/2 minutes the replay showed the ball kicked up a small bit of chalk and Odor was awarded a double and Delino DeShields advanced from first	False
Odor matched a club record with three doubles , one initially ruled a foul ball in a six - run inning , and Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the Rangers ' 7 - 2 victory on Saturday night . Odor 's second double was in that big third inning . After initially ruled a foul ball , Rangers manager Jeff Banister challenged the call . After a delay of about 3 1/2 minutes the replay showed the ball kicked up a small bit of chalk and Odor was awarded a double and Delino DeShields advanced from first to third	False
Derek Holland ( 3 - 1 ) pitched six scoreless innings , allowing four hits with one strikeout and no walks . The Angels were scoreless until Albert Pujols ' sixth homer of the season , a solo shot with one out in the ninth	True
The Angels were scoreless until Albert Pujols ' sixth homer of the season , a solo shot with one out in the ninth . Texas won the series opener 4 - 2 on Friday night , when a potential Angels rally was thwarted in the sixth	True
The Angels were scoreless until Albert Pujols ' sixth homer of the season , a solo shot with one out in the ninth . Texas won the series opener 4 - 2 on Friday night , when a potential Angels rally was thwarted in the sixth after a successful Rangers challenge showed Pujols briefly lost contact with the bag while second baseman Odor applied a tag . Instead of runners at first	False
The Angels were scoreless until Albert Pujols ' sixth homer of the season , a solo shot with one out in the ninth . Texas won the series opener 4 - 2 on Friday night , when a potential Angels rally was thwarted in the sixth after a successful Rangers challenge showed Pujols briefly lost contact with the bag while second baseman Odor applied a tag . Instead of runners at first and second	False
Texas won the series opener 4 - 2 on Friday night , when a potential Angels rally was thwarted in the sixth after a successful Rangers challenge showed Pujols briefly lost contact with the bag while second baseman Odor applied a tag . Instead of runners at first and second with no outs , there was an out and the Angels failed to score before Texas got three runs in the bottom of the inning . The Rangers , who have won four straight since a four - game losing streak , led for good Saturday after Odor led off the first	True
The Rangers , who have won four straight since a four - game losing streak , led for good Saturday after Odor led off the first with a double and scored on a two - out double by Prince Fielder . Odor doubled in the sixth	True
The Rangers , who have won four straight since a four - game losing streak , led for good Saturday after Odor led off the first with a double and scored on a two - out double by Prince Fielder . Odor doubled in the sixth , and made it safely to third	False
Kenta Maeda ( 3 - 1 ) was charged with four runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings in his fifth big league start after allowing just one run in 25 2/3 innings to begin his major league career . The Japanese-born right-hander took a 2 - 1 lead into the seventh	True
The Japanese-born right-hander took a 2 - 1 lead into the seventh before Gordon chased him with his RBI single . Prado then greeted Pedro Baez with a first-pitch single , and the right-hander balked home Gordon with the Marlins ' fourth run . Stanton added his 18th homer in the eighth	False
Stanton added his 18th homer in the eighth against Baez , and A. J. Ramos got three outs for his sixth save . The Dodgers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Stanton added his 18th homer in the eighth against Baez , and A. J. Ramos got three outs for his sixth save . The Dodgers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first with Yasmani Grandal 's double over the head of center fielder Ichiro Suzuki and a run-scoring infield hit by Yasiel Puig . Maeda struck out his first two batters in the second	True
Both starters labored through five innings . Houston 's Collin McHugh ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits with one walk , but needed 101 pitches . Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) allowed five runs and seven hits with two walks on 93 pitches . The Astros bunched four straight one - out hits for two runs in the third	True
Seattle answered in the bottom half on a double by Seth Smith and RBI single by Cano . Houston made it 5 - 2 in the fifth	True
Houston made it 5 - 2 in the fifth on a bases-loaded single by Colby Rasmus and Gattis ' sacrifice fly . Lind , who hit 20 homers last season with Milwaukee , hit his first	False
Houston made it 5 - 2 in the fifth on a bases-loaded single by Colby Rasmus and Gattis ' sacrifice fly . Lind , who hit 20 homers last season with Milwaukee , hit his first this year in the sixth	True
Lind , who hit 20 homers last season with Milwaukee , hit his first this year in the sixth to cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Gattis drove in two more in the seventh	False
Gattis drove in two more in the seventh with a double off the wall in center field to increase the lead to 7 - 3 . Seattle added a run in the ninth	False
Tillman ( 2 - 1 ) tied a career high with nine strikeouts . Darren O'Day , Brad Brach and Zach Britton finished for Baltimore , with Britton pitching the ninth	True
Moore ( 1 - 2 ) lost his second straight start after going seven starts without a loss , dating to last season . He gave up three runs and three hits and struck out nine in seven innings . Leadoff singles by Logan Forsythe , Logan Morrison and Evan Longoria were the Rays ' only hits until Steve Pearce drove in a run with a two - out , pinch-hit single in the ninth	True
Chris Young was the previous Yankees player to swipe home , as part of a double steal in 2014 . Ellsbury singled with two outs in the fifth	True
Chris Young was the previous Yankees player to swipe home , as part of a double steal in 2014 . Ellsbury singled with two outs in the fifth and Didi Gregorius followed with a single off Moore . A balk moved the runners to second	False
Chris Young was the previous Yankees player to swipe home , as part of a double steal in 2014 . Ellsbury singled with two outs in the fifth and Didi Gregorius followed with a single off Moore . A balk moved the runners to second and third	False
Ellsbury singled with two outs in the fifth and Didi Gregorius followed with a single off Moore . A balk moved the runners to second and third while Gardner was batting , setting up the rare sequence . Ellsbury , who did n't start the game , added a two - run double in eighth	True
Ellsbury singled with two outs in the fifth and Didi Gregorius followed with a single off Moore . A balk moved the runners to second and third while Gardner was batting , setting up the rare sequence . Ellsbury , who did n't start the game , added a two - run double in eighth . Brian McCann hit an early two - run homer , then sliced a tiebreaking single in the sixth	True
Ellsbury , who did n't start the game , added a two - run double in eighth . Brian McCann hit an early two - run homer , then sliced a tiebreaking single in the sixth . Ivan Nova ( 1 - 0 ) won in relief of CC Sabathia . Dellin Betances struck all three batters in the eighth	True
He struck out five over 7 2/3 innings and drove in a career-high three runs with a double to win in a memorable home debut , and the Giants snapped a five - game losing streak by beating Miami hitting coach Barry Bonds and the Marlins 8 - 1 on Friday night in the slugger 's return to AT & T Park . Samardzija ( 2 - 1 ) , who signed a $ 90 million , five - year contract , left to a standing ovation when he walked off in the eighth	True
The timely hits sure turned up this time after a discouraging four - game sweep by the division rival Arizona Diamondbacks . Even from Samardzija , who hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
Marlins starter Jarred Cosart ( 0 - 1 ) walked six batters over 4 1/3 innings for his second straight start allowing six free passes . He has 15 walks over 14 2/3 innings in his initial three starts . Cosart allowed six runs and eight hits . Miami manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the top of the fourth	True
Wright pitched into the seventh inning , and Mookie Betts finished a home run shy of the cycle as the Boston Red Sox beat the Houston Astros 6 - 2 on Friday night . Wright ( 1 - 2 ) had his third straight good start to begin the season , allowing one run -- none earned -- and four hits with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . He did walk five , with Carlos Gomez scoring on a passed ball in the seventh	True
Craig Kimbrel got Carlos Correa to end the game for his fifth save . Betts tripled in the first	True
Craig Kimbrel got Carlos Correa to end the game for his fifth save . Betts tripled in the first and ninth innings , scoring both times . He had an RBI double in the second	True
Craig Kimbrel got Carlos Correa to end the game for his fifth save . Betts tripled in the first and ninth innings , scoring both times . He had an RBI double in the second and singled and scored in the fourth	True
Craig Kimbrel got Carlos Correa to end the game for his fifth save . Betts tripled in the first and ninth innings , scoring both times . He had an RBI double in the second and singled and scored in the fourth . He flied out in the sixth	True
Betts tripled in the first and ninth innings , scoring both times . He had an RBI double in the second and singled and scored in the fourth . He flied out in the sixth . Dustin Pedroia , who had two hits , drove in Betts in the first	True
Betts tripled in the first and ninth innings , scoring both times . He had an RBI double in the second and singled and scored in the fourth . He flied out in the sixth . Dustin Pedroia , who had two hits , drove in Betts in the first and came around to score on Hanley Ramirez 's sacrifice fly . Xander Bogaerts also had two hits , including an RBI double in the fourth	True
Dustin Pedroia , who had two hits , drove in Betts in the first and came around to score on Hanley Ramirez 's sacrifice fly . Xander Bogaerts also had two hits , including an RBI double in the fourth . Brock Holt had an RBI single in the third	False
Other than McHugh 's second start of the season when he threw seven scoreless innings , the right-hander has given up 15 runs in 9 2/3 innings over the other three outings . George Springer had an RBI single in the ninth	True
Other than McHugh 's second start of the season when he threw seven scoreless innings , the right-hander has given up 15 runs in 9 2/3 innings over the other three outings . George Springer had an RBI single in the ninth for Houston , which lost its fourth straight and fifth	False
`` To come in and try to give a quality effort and put us in a position to win the game was the main focus . You 're always trying to go as deep as you can , I thought it was a really clean ballgame and it was great to get out of here with a ` W . '' After scoring three runs against James Shields ( 0 - 3 ) through four innings , the Pirates piled on with eight runs against two relievers in the seventh	True
Leonel Campos , called up earlier in the day from Triple-A El Paso , allowed seven runs , five earned , while getting only one out in the big inning . He walked one , hit a batter and had a batter reach on a strikeout-passed ball . Josh Harrison had RBI singles in the second	True
Shields allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . Shields and Bethancourt struggled to get on the same page , particularly in the two - run fourth	True
Both players were aware of Allen 's dominance . Cano had an early single and then an RBI double in the sixth	True
Cano had an early single and then an RBI double in the sixth before connecting with two outs for his sixth home run this season . Steve Clevenger , who hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Steve Clevenger , who hit a two - run homer in the second , drew a leadoff walk from Allen . Franklin Gutierrez walked on a full count with two outs before Cano homered to dead center . Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the ninth	True
Steve Clevenger , who hit a two - run homer in the second , drew a leadoff walk from Allen . Franklin Gutierrez walked on a full count with two outs before Cano homered to dead center . Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the ninth for his first major league win . Steve Cishek worked the 10th	True
Seattle has won five of seven after losing five straight . Cleveland has lost three of four . Pinch-hitter Mike Napoli tied the game with a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Seattle has won five of seven after losing five straight . Cleveland has lost three of four . Pinch-hitter Mike Napoli tied the game with a two - run homer in the eighth off Joaquin Benoit . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Pinch-hitter Mike Napoli tied the game with a two - run homer in the eighth off Joaquin Benoit . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth . The Indians rallied from deficits of 5 - 0 and 7 - 3 . Marlon Byrd walked to start the Indians eighth	True
Marlon Byrd walked to start the Indians eighth . Benoit retired the next two hitters but Napoli , batting for Roberto Perez , drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left field bleachers for his first career pinch-hit home run . The momentum appeared to be on the Indians ' side , especially when Allen retired the Mariners in order in the ninth	True
Nelson Cruz had two RBI for Seattle , which scored at least four runs for only the fifth time this season . Clevenger 's home run gave Seattle a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Nelson Cruz had two RBI for Seattle , which scored at least four runs for only the fifth time this season . Clevenger 's home run gave Seattle a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Cruz drew a bases-loaded walk in the third	True
Nelson Cruz had two RBI for Seattle , which scored at least four runs for only the fifth time this season . Clevenger 's home run gave Seattle a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Cruz drew a bases-loaded walk in the third and added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Clevenger 's home run gave Seattle a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Cruz drew a bases-loaded walk in the third and added an RBI single in the sixth . The Mariners scored three times in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays can relate . The defending AL East champions got all their runs and half their four hits in the first inning before going flat . Orioles starter Chris Tillman needed 38 pitches to get through the first	True
In the bottom half , Machado extended his hitting streak to 14 games -- matching his career high -- with a run-scoring single . Toronto 's Marco Estrada avoided further damage by working out of a bases-loaded , no-out situation . The score remained 2 - 1 until the seventh	True
The score remained 2 - 1 until the seventh . After a walk , a hit batter and a single loaded the bases against Pat Venditte , J. J. Hardy tied it with a sacrifice fly off Brett Cecil ( 0 - 3 ) . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Rickard singled off Brett Cecil ( 0 - 3 ) with one out and moved up on a passed ball by Russell Martin . Machado then hit an opposite-field fly to right that dropped between two fielders , scoring Rickard with an unearned run . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) got three straight outs in the eighth	True
In the eighth , Rickard singled off Brett Cecil ( 0 - 3 ) with one out and moved up on a passed ball by Russell Martin . Machado then hit an opposite-field fly to right that dropped between two fielders , scoring Rickard with an unearned run . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) got three straight outs in the eighth and Zach Britton worked the ninth	False
Volquez ( 3 - 0 ) retired the first eight batters and only had to wiggle out of one jam , when Alcides Escobar let a grounder go through his legs in the fourth inning . The Tigers went on to load the bases before Volquez struck out Jarrod Saltalamacchia to end it . Escobar atoned for his gaffe with a sacrifice fly off Mike Pelfrey ( 0 - 3 ) in the bottom half of the fourth	True
The Royals left seven on base through the first four innings . Despite the missed opportunities , they still managed to coax across some runs in Royals-like fashion . They slapped singles away from where the Tigers had shifted , laid down bunts to set up scoring chances and even showcased a little power on the homer by Moustakas in the fourth	True
They also made their meager production look more daunting with some stellar defense . Gordon threw out Jose Iglesias by several feet at third base to end the third	True
They also made their meager production look more daunting with some stellar defense . Gordon threw out Jose Iglesias by several feet at third base to end the third , then began the fourth	True
MIAMI -- The game was scoreless until the seventh inning , and runs then came so quickly for the Washington Nationals that Bryce Harper lost count . And he drove in most of them . Harper hit a grand slam , one of four home runs in a seven - run seventh	True
Bryce Harper is thriving , but Trout is not . He had a rough day on Tuesday and the issues that plagued him have been a season-long bugaboo . Stephen Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) struck out 10 while pitching three - hit ball for eight innings . He was locked in a pitching duel against Adam Conley until Jayson Werth hit his 200th career homer with one out in the seventh	True
Wilson Ramos homered on the next pitch , and after Washington loaded the bases , Harper hit his seventh homer off left-hander Chris Narveson . Ryan Zimmerman followed with a solo homer , his first	False
Harper has homered in five of the past six games , and has 20 RBI . The grand slam was the second	False
Harper has homered in five of the past six games , and has 20 RBI . The grand slam was the second of Harper 's career , and his second	False
Washington 's Daniel Murphy , who came into the game leading the majors in batting , went 2 for 4 to hike his average to .422 . Strasburg had two singles to raise his career average to .149 . The right-hander also lowered his ERA to 1.25 . Strasburg gave up an extra-base hit for the first time this year when Stanton doubled with one out in the fourth	True
Nationals starters improved to 8 - 2 with an ERA of 1.98 . Shawn Kelley completed the four - hitter for Washington 's second shutout . Conley ( 0 - 1 ) extended his scoreless streak to 12 innings before he tired in the seventh	True
Santiago matched a career high with 10 strikeouts over seven crisp innings , and the Angels blanked the Chicago White Sox 7 - 0 on Monday night . Kole Calhoun , Andrelton Simmons and Geovany Soto hit consecutive RBI singles during a five - run first	True
Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) got only one out before he was replaced by Jake Petricka . The No . 3 pick in the 2014 amateur draft allowed six hits and walked two in the shortest of his 29 major league appearances . Simmons and C. J. Cron each had three hits as the Angels rebounded from a weekend sweep by the Twins . Simmons extended his hitting streak to 11 games , equaling a career high , and Cron busted out of a 4 - for - 40 start to the season after he was pushed down to eighth	True
Santiago ( 1 - 0 ) , traded from the White Sox to the Angels in a three - team deal in 2013 that moved Eaton to Chicago , yielded two hits and walked three . Greg Mahle worked the eighth	True
Greg Mahle worked the eighth and Mike Morin finished the three - hitter for Los Angeles ' first shutout of the season . The White Sox have scored 11 runs in their last six games . Cron singled home Calhoun in the third	True
Greg Mahle worked the eighth and Mike Morin finished the three - hitter for Los Angeles ' first shutout of the season . The White Sox have scored 11 runs in their last six games . Cron singled home Calhoun in the third and Simmons in the eighth	False
Gray , who needed 100 pitches to finish five , gave up two runs and seven hits , walking one and striking out six . He stranded six runners , four in scoring position . Reddick , who hit the ball hard in every at bat , erased the Royals ' early lead with a three - run shot in the bottom of the first	True
Ryan Madson , who was part of Kansas City 's championship season last year , earned his third save in three chances . Lorenzo Cain singled in a run in the first	True
DETROIT -- When new Tigers general manager Al Avila signed Justin Upton during the offseason to play left field and hit second	False
Upton homered on Nicasio 's fourth pitch , Miguel Cabrera and Victor Martinez walked , and J. D. Martinez singled for a 2 - 0 lead . After Starling Marte cut the deficit to 4 - 2 with a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Trout hit his first home run of the season , Nick Tropeano pitched five scoreless innings in his season debut and the Angels beat the A 's 4 - 1 on Monday night . Trout struck out looking twice but homered on the first pitch he saw from Gray in the sixth	True
Huston Street retired one batter for his second save . Marcus Semien singled in Oakland 's lone run in the ninth	True
The White Sox , after the spring training controversy involving departed veteran Adam LaRoche and the clubhouse presence of his teenage son , Drake , have been playing burden-free baseball so far . Jackson has a hit or a run in every game . His drive down the left field line missed a grand slam by a few inches , squeezing between the limestone wall and the foul pole in the fourth	True
Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) , pitching on a full week 's rest , won despite allowing two - run doubles to A. J. Pierzynski and Nick Markakis in the first two innings . The righty wound up going six innings and did n't let Atlanta score again in front of a sparse crowd announced as 18,119 . Ramos drove in the go-ahead run off Norris in the fifth	True
Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) , pitching on a full week 's rest , won despite allowing two - run doubles to A. J. Pierzynski and Nick Markakis in the first two innings . The righty wound up going six innings and did n't let Atlanta score again in front of a sparse crowd announced as 18,119 . Ramos drove in the go-ahead run off Norris in the fifth , breaking a 4-all tie , and added insurance with an RBI single off Alexi Ogando in the seventh	True
Ramos drove in the go-ahead run off Norris in the fifth , breaking a 4-all tie , and added insurance with an RBI single off Alexi Ogando in the seventh . Daniel Murphy hit a two - run shot off Norris in the first	True
Mallex Smith had an eventful major league debut on the day he was recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett and immediately put in Atlanta 's starting lineup as the center fielder and leadoff hitter . The 22-year-old Smith , at Double-A for part of last season , struck out on three pitches in his first at-bat . He reached on an infield single in the second	True
Mallex Smith had an eventful major league debut on the day he was recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett and immediately put in Atlanta 's starting lineup as the center fielder and leadoff hitter . The 22-year-old Smith , at Double-A for part of last season , struck out on three pitches in his first at-bat . He reached on an infield single in the second and came around to score . Then , in the fourth	True
The torrid start matches the 1970 team for the best in Orioles history . After sweeping Minnesota in three games to open the season , Baltimore completed the homestand by taking two from Tampa Bay in a rain-abbreviated series . Vance Worley gave up three runs over 4 2/3 innings in his Orioles debut and the bullpen blanked the Rays on one hit the rest of the way . Brad Brach ( 1 - 0 ) entered in the fifth	True
The torrid start matches the 1970 team for the best in Orioles history . After sweeping Minnesota in three games to open the season , Baltimore completed the homestand by taking two from Tampa Bay in a rain-abbreviated series . Vance Worley gave up three runs over 4 2/3 innings in his Orioles debut and the bullpen blanked the Rays on one hit the rest of the way . Brad Brach ( 1 - 0 ) entered in the fifth and Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth	True
Baltimore 's starting rotation was supposed to be the team 's weakest link , but the group is a collective 3 - 0 with a 2.28 ERA . South Korean outfielder Hyun Soo Kim made his major league debut for Baltimore , starting in left field and batting ninth	False
Corey Dickerson homered for the Rays , who struck out 12 times and stranded nine runners . Down 4 - 3 , Tampa Bay loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth	True
Odorizzi settled down , but the damage was done . Dickerson homered in the fourth	True
Dickerson homered in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 and extend the Rays ' club-record streak of games with a longball to 20 . Tampa Bay used two - out RBI singles by Evan Longoria and Steve Pearce to chase Worley in the fifth	True
MILWAUKEE -- Jimmy Nelson struck out nine in six - plus innings , and the Milwaukee Brewers took advantage of early wildness by Houston ace Dallas Keuchel in a 3 - 2 win over the Astros on Sunday . The AL Cy Young Award winner walked four in the first inning and gave up a two - run single to Aaron Hill . Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) left with two outs in the sixth	True
MILWAUKEE -- Jimmy Nelson struck out nine in six - plus innings , and the Milwaukee Brewers took advantage of early wildness by Houston ace Dallas Keuchel in a 3 - 2 win over the Astros on Sunday . The AL Cy Young Award winner walked four in the first inning and gave up a two - run single to Aaron Hill . Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) left with two outs in the sixth with a career high-tying six walks , including an intentional pass to Ryan Braun in the fourth	True
The AL Cy Young Award winner walked four in the first inning and gave up a two - run single to Aaron Hill . Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) left with two outs in the sixth with a career high-tying six walks , including an intentional pass to Ryan Braun in the fourth . Domingo Santana added an RBI double in the fourth	True
Domingo Santana added an RBI double in the fourth for rebuilding Milwaukee , which took two of three in the interleague series against the AL West contenders . Nelson ( 1 - 1 ) settled down after Jose Altuve 's leadoff homer to deep left on the game 's first pitch . Preston Tucker added a solo shot in the fifth	False
Nelson ( 1 - 1 ) settled down after Jose Altuve 's leadoff homer to deep left on the game 's first pitch . Preston Tucker added a solo shot in the fifth for Houston . Jeremy Jeffress pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jeremy Jeffress pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . The hard-throwing right-hander got the last out when Tucker hit a hard liner right into Jeffress ' glove . Jeffress capped three shutout innings for Brewers relievers after Nelson departed following a leadoff walk in the seventh	True
The Astros had a couple late chances to bail out Keuchel . Trailing by a run , Houston had runners on second	False
The Astros had a couple late chances to bail out Keuchel . Trailing by a run , Houston had runners on second and third	False
The Astros had a couple late chances to bail out Keuchel . Trailing by a run , Houston had runners on second and third with one out in the eighth	True
Trailing by a run , Houston had runners on second and third with one out in the eighth after a throwing error by pitcher Michael Blazek . The reliever got George Springer to fly out to short center and Carlos Correa to bounce out to shortstop to escape the jam . Tyler Thornburg struck out the last two hitters in the seventh	True
Trailing by a run , Houston had runners on second and third with one out in the eighth after a throwing error by pitcher Michael Blazek . The reliever got George Springer to fly out to short center and Carlos Correa to bounce out to shortstop to escape the jam . Tyler Thornburg struck out the last two hitters in the seventh after Rasmus moved to second	False
The Cardinals have scored a combined 19 runs while winning the first two games of the weekend series . They were held to only seven runs in three losses at Pittsburgh to open the season . Aledmys Diaz had two hits , including an RBI off John Gant in the eighth	True
Teheran ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four earned runs on six hits and four walks in four innings . He also threw two wild pitches . Teheran loaded the bases with three walks in the first	True
Teheran ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four earned runs on six hits and four walks in four innings . He also threw two wild pitches . Teheran loaded the bases with three walks in the first . As a bookend to the collection of shaky pitching , Jason Grilli walked three batters in the ninth	True
Teheran loaded the bases with three walks in the first . As a bookend to the collection of shaky pitching , Jason Grilli walked three batters in the ninth . Markakis had a run-scoring double and scored on Freddie Freeman 's single in the third	True
The Twins have lost four straight . Byung Ho Park homered in the top of the eighth	True
Wainwright gave up three runs in six innings , walking three and striking out three in his first regular season start since tearing his Achilles last April . The Cardinals tried to rally in the ninth	True
The Cardinals tried to rally in the ninth against Mark Melancon , who led the majors in saves last year . Matt Carpenter hit an RBI single with two outs but Matt Adams , representing the tying run , flied out to end it . Pittsburgh pointed to the honor of playing the first	True
University of Pittsburgh running back James Conner , battling cancer , gave the crowd a jolt by throwing out the first pitch and vowing to play in 2016 . Liriano built off that energy and spent six innings befuddling the Cardinals with his signature mix of sliders and changeups . Liriano gave the Pirates the lead in the second	True
University of Pittsburgh running back James Conner , battling cancer , gave the crowd a jolt by throwing out the first pitch and vowing to play in 2016 . Liriano built off that energy and spent six innings befuddling the Cardinals with his signature mix of sliders and changeups . Liriano gave the Pirates the lead in the second by singling home Polanco , and John Jaso followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . That was more than enough for Liriano , whose briefly flirted with danger in the fourth	True
University of Pittsburgh running back James Conner , battling cancer , gave the crowd a jolt by throwing out the first pitch and vowing to play in 2016 . Liriano built off that energy and spent six innings befuddling the Cardinals with his signature mix of sliders and changeups . Liriano gave the Pirates the lead in the second by singling home Polanco , and John Jaso followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . That was more than enough for Liriano , whose briefly flirted with danger in the fourth and sixth	True
University of Pittsburgh running back James Conner , battling cancer , gave the crowd a jolt by throwing out the first pitch and vowing to play in 2016 . Liriano built off that energy and spent six innings befuddling the Cardinals with his signature mix of sliders and changeups . Liriano gave the Pirates the lead in the second by singling home Polanco , and John Jaso followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . That was more than enough for Liriano , whose briefly flirted with danger in the fourth and sixth . He struck out Yadier Molina and Kolten Wong to get out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth	True
University of Pittsburgh running back James Conner , battling cancer , gave the crowd a jolt by throwing out the first pitch and vowing to play in 2016 . Liriano built off that energy and spent six innings befuddling the Cardinals with his signature mix of sliders and changeups . Liriano gave the Pirates the lead in the second by singling home Polanco , and John Jaso followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . That was more than enough for Liriano , whose briefly flirted with danger in the fourth and sixth . He struck out Yadier Molina and Kolten Wong to get out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth and stranded three more runners in the sixth	False
Liriano 's 10 strikeouts matched the club 's opening day mark John Candelaria set in 1983 and Liriano matched in 2014 . Josh Harrison gave Liriano extra cushion with a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Liriano 's 10 strikeouts matched the club 's opening day mark John Candelaria set in 1983 and Liriano matched in 2014 . Josh Harrison gave Liriano extra cushion with a sacrifice fly in the fifth and Jordy Mercer added an RBI double off Seth Maness in the eighth	False
The Braves survived San Francisco 's two - run , ninth-inning rally . They have won three of four and are 5 - 21 at home , still easily the worst in the majors . Foltynewicz ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Brandon Belt in the second inning , but allowed only one other runner to advance to second	False
Foltynewicz showed he does n't have to throw his fastball at full velocity . The Giants rallied against Braves closer Arodys Vizcaino in the ninth	True
Giants manager Bruce Bochy said some calls on pitches went against Samardzija . Samardzija and the Giants paid for a decision to issue an intentional walk to A. J. Pierzynski , loading the bases with one out in the second	True
Giants manager Bruce Bochy said some calls on pitches went against Samardzija . Samardzija and the Giants paid for a decision to issue an intentional walk to A. J. Pierzynski , loading the bases with one out in the second . Samardzija struck out Foltynewicz , the No . 8 hitter , before Smith 's triple to the left-center gap . It was Smith 's third triple , and he ranks second	False
Karns ' ability to keep the game close allowed Seattle to break out offensively late , starting with Seager 's that capped a four - run sixth inning . The two - run shot bounced off the top of the wall in right-center field and barely eluded the glove of San Diego 's Matt Kemp . Adam Lind had a two - run single in the eighth	True
Adam Lind had a two - run single in the eighth after Seager was intentionally walked and Lee followed with his seventh homer of the year . Down 2 - 0 entering the sixth	True
No one was more appreciative than Blue Jays manager John Gibbons . After Aaron Loup gave up a two - run home run to McCann in the ninth	True
The Yankees have lost four of six since evening their record at 22 - 22 last week . Their slumping offense has produced four runs and six hits in the past two games . Encarnacion hit an RBI double off Ivan Nova in the first	True
The Yankees have lost four of six since evening their record at 22 - 22 last week . Their slumping offense has produced four runs and six hits in the past two games . Encarnacion hit an RBI double off Ivan Nova in the first and added an RBI groundout in the third	True
Encarnacion hit an RBI double off Ivan Nova in the first and added an RBI groundout in the third . Michael Saunders followed with an RBI double . Goins hit a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
Encarnacion hit an RBI double off Ivan Nova in the first and added an RBI groundout in the third . Michael Saunders followed with an RBI double . Goins hit a leadoff homer in the fifth , his third	False
Goins hit a leadoff homer in the fifth , his third . Starlin Castro walked to begin the eighth	True
Goins hit a leadoff homer in the fifth , his third . Starlin Castro walked to begin the eighth and went to third	False
It did . Again . Cuthbert drove in the go-ahead run with an infield hit in a three - run eighth	True
Cuthbert drove in the go-ahead run with an infield hit in a three - run eighth , and the Royals rallied for the third straight game in a 5 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox on Sunday . Chicago wasted a 4 - 2 lead in the eighth	True
Kansas City has won 12 of 17 to move into the AL Central lead . Sale was on track to become the major leagues ' first 10-game winner . Lorenzo Cain homered with one out in the eighth	True
Sale was on track to become the major leagues ' first 10-game winner . Lorenzo Cain homered with one out in the eighth off Nate Jones ( 2 - 1 ) , Hosmer doubled , and Kansas City loaded the bases with Kendrys Morales ' walk and Paulo Orlando 's single . Jones walked Brett Eibner on a low , outside pitch , forcing in the tying run . Matt Albers relieved and Cuthbert hit a grounder that second baseman Brett Lawrie snagged with a dive as pinch-runner Jarrod Dyson came home from third	False
Jones walked Brett Eibner on a low , outside pitch , forcing in the tying run . Matt Albers relieved and Cuthbert hit a grounder that second baseman Brett Lawrie snagged with a dive as pinch-runner Jarrod Dyson came home from third . Lawrie 's throw from his back went about 10 feet , and first baseman Jose Abreu picked up the ball and threw out Orlando at the plate . Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) , activated from the disabled list Saturday , pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
Jones walked Brett Eibner on a low , outside pitch , forcing in the tying run . Matt Albers relieved and Cuthbert hit a grounder that second baseman Brett Lawrie snagged with a dive as pinch-runner Jarrod Dyson came home from third . Lawrie 's throw from his back went about 10 feet , and first baseman Jose Abreu picked up the ball and threw out Orlando at the plate . Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) , activated from the disabled list Saturday , pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth , and Wade Davis threw a perfect ninth	True
Hosmer had three hits and went 8 for 13 with seven RBI in the series Sale fell behind in the first	True
Kansas City 's Edinson Volquez gave up three runs and six hits in six innings . Orlando made a diving catch in right to rob Austin Jackson on an extra-base hit in the seventh	True
Wacha allowed three runs and struck out six over six innings , but dropped his sixth straight decision . Werth 's drive off Dean Kiekhefer highlighted the decisive five - run seventh	True
Hendricks pitched a five - hitter for his second career complete game , Dexter Fowler hit a leadoff homer and the Chicago Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 1 on Saturday . Hendricks ( 3 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked none . He was greeted with another round of cheers before the start of the ninth	True
Hendricks ( 3 - 4 ) struck out seven and walked none . He was greeted with another round of cheers before the start of the ninth , but fell just short of his second career shutout . Fowler sparked a two - run first	True
The Phillies lost for the sixth time in eight games . Philadelphia had just four hits before a miscommunication between right fielder Heyward and second baseman Zobrist allowed Freddy Galvis ' fly to drop between them for a leadoff double in the ninth	True
Philadelphia had just four hits before a miscommunication between right fielder Heyward and second baseman Zobrist allowed Freddy Galvis ' fly to drop between them for a leadoff double in the ninth . Heyward said he was yelling for Zobrist to go for the ball . But Zobrist pulled up . Galvis scored from third	False
Galvis scored from third when Ryan Howard struck out swinging on a pitch in the dirt . The Cubs had a shift on with the lefty at the plate , allowing the runner to take a huge lead . Catcher Miguel Montero looked him back , but Galvis took off for home as he threw to first	False
Fowler drove his second leadoff homer this season and the 16th of his career just over the wall in left-center . Heyward followed with a double and scored on a two - out double by Zobrist , who came in on a 22 - for - 50 tear . Heyward added an RBI double in the third	True
Fowler drove his second leadoff homer this season and the 16th of his career just over the wall in left-center . Heyward followed with a double and scored on a two - out double by Zobrist , who came in on a 22 - for - 50 tear . Heyward added an RBI double in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hendricks got thrown out trying to score from first	False
Adrian Gonzalez homered and had four hits for the Dodgers , who spoiled the Mets ' 30th anniversary celebration of their 1986 World Series championship . Howie Kendrick and Corey Seager also connected , all after Syndergaard was gone . Kenta Maeda ( 4 - 3 ) shook off an early line drive that hit him on the pitching hand and threw five shutout innings . The right-hander yielded two hits , both singles in the first	True
Collins acknowledged he 's a little concerned Syndergaard might get suspended . Logan Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) entered for the Mets and , with a vocal contingent in the sellout crowd of 42,227 urging him to hit Utley with a pitch , eventually threw a called third strike past him . But then Utley homered on Verrett 's first pitch of the sixth	True
Logan Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) entered for the Mets and , with a vocal contingent in the sellout crowd of 42,227 urging him to hit Utley with a pitch , eventually threw a called third strike past him . But then Utley homered on Verrett 's first pitch of the sixth for a 1 - 0 lead . Booed all night , Utley added his sixth career slam off Hansel Robles in the seventh	True
Booed all night , Utley added his sixth career slam off Hansel Robles in the seventh , making it 6 - 0 with his 38th homer against the Mets . Pinch-hitter Juan Lagares homered in the eighth	False
Pinch-hitter Juan Lagares homered in the eighth for New York , long after the outcome was decided . In the series opener Friday night , Utley was greeted with loud jeers and derisive chants . He had four RBI in a 6 - 5 loss , including a three - run double that tied the score with two outs in the ninth	True
After watching his team score nine runs in its longest skid of the season , Showalter 's lineup tweak paid off in a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Manny Machado , moved from second	False
After watching his team score nine runs in its longest skid of the season , Showalter 's lineup tweak paid off in a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Manny Machado , moved from second to third	False
After watching his team score nine runs in its longest skid of the season , Showalter 's lineup tweak paid off in a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Manny Machado , moved from second to third in the batting order , went 4 for 5 with an RBI . Adam Jones , who usually bats third	False
Asked if he would stick with the same lineup Saturday , Showalter joked , `` I have n't gotten that far . Can I soak this one in for a little bit ? '' Chris Davis ' RBI double broke a seventh-inning tie . Mark Trumbo followed with a two - run homer , his AL-leading 15th	False
Chris Davis ' RBI double broke a seventh-inning tie . Mark Trumbo followed with a two - run homer , his AL-leading 15th of the season . Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for 13th save . Cleveland scored in the second	True
Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for 13th save . Cleveland scored in the second , fourth	True
Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for 13th save . Cleveland scored in the second , fourth and fifth	True
Cleveland scored in the second , fourth and fifth to tie the game , but Machado doubled off Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) . Davis ' double to right-center gave Baltimore the lead before Trumbo 's towering drive landed in the right field seats . Machado had an RBI single in Baltimore 's three - run first	True
Cleveland scored in the second , fourth and fifth to tie the game , but Machado doubled off Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) . Davis ' double to right-center gave Baltimore the lead before Trumbo 's towering drive landed in the right field seats . Machado had an RBI single in Baltimore 's three - run first and singled again in the second	True
Cleveland scored in the second , fourth and fifth to tie the game , but Machado doubled off Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) . Davis ' double to right-center gave Baltimore the lead before Trumbo 's towering drive landed in the right field seats . Machado had an RBI single in Baltimore 's three - run first and singled again in the second . He doubled in the fifth	True
Jones singled to start the game and scored on Machado 's single . Jonathan Schoop added a two - run single . Francisco Lindor drove in two runs for Cleveland , including a leadoff homer in the eighth	True
Francisco Lindor drove in two runs for Cleveland , including a leadoff homer in the eighth off Darren O'Day . The Indians loaded the bases with one out , but O'Day got Chris Gimenez to hit into a double play . Bundy relieved starter Mike Wright after Lindor 's sacrifice fly tied the game in the fifth	True
Francisco Lindor drove in two runs for Cleveland , including a leadoff homer in the eighth off Darren O'Day . The Indians loaded the bases with one out , but O'Day got Chris Gimenez to hit into a double play . Bundy relieved starter Mike Wright after Lindor 's sacrifice fly tied the game in the fifth and retired Napoli on a popup with two on to end the inning . The right-hander pitched a scoreless sixth	True
Wright allowed three runs in 4 2/3 innings . Trevor Bauer gave up three runs in five innings . Mike Napoli hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Kazmir ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He struck out 12 for the third time in his career and first since Sept. 6 , 2012 , against the Mets , and walked two . The left-hander has been uneven this season , giving up five runs , two homers and a career-high seven walks last Friday at San Diego . Kenley Janson pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Dan Straily ( 2 - 2 ) took a perfect game into the fourth inning , when the Dodgers rallied for a 2 - 1 lead on Pederson 's hit . The right-hander gave up three runs and three hits , struck out a career high-tying 11 and walked one . Yasmani Grandal homered leading off the fifth	True
Yasmani Grandal homered leading off the fifth , sending an 0 - 2 pitch into the right field pavilion to keep the Dodgers ahead 3 - 1 . Jay Bruce 's RBI triple gave the Reds a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Mazara , a 21-year-old rookie slugger , hit the longest home run in the majors this season while Odor drove in three runs and scored three more in likely his last game before a suspension , a 15 - 9 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday . Mazara led off the second	True
Odor , who at 20 was the MLB 's youngest player when he made his debut two summers ago , is playing while awaiting the outcome of his appeal heard in New York on Tuesday for an eight - game suspension . The discipline was assessed for punching Toronto slugger Jose Bautista during a brawl May 15 . A decision is expected before Friday night 's game . Along with his eighth homer , Mazara had a two - out , two - run single during a four - run sixth	True
Ballpark records list Josh Hamilton 's 490-foot homer against Houston on June 27 , 2010 , as the longest , a measurement determined by a University of Texas-Arlington physics professor . That home run also was hit into the upper deck in right field , but higher up and three sections closer to center field . The Rangers trailed 1 - 0 when Odor led off the first	True
Ballpark records list Josh Hamilton 's 490-foot homer against Houston on June 27 , 2010 , as the longest , a measurement determined by a University of Texas-Arlington physics professor . That home run also was hit into the upper deck in right field , but higher up and three sections closer to center field . The Rangers trailed 1 - 0 when Odor led off the first with a bunt single , stole second base and moved up on a throwing error before scoring the first	False
The Rangers trailed 1 - 0 when Odor led off the first with a bunt single , stole second base and moved up on a throwing error before scoring the first of his three runs . He later drove in runs with a groundout , a fielder 's choice and a sacrifice fly . Los Angeles also led 4 - 1 after its second at-bat , but Hector Santiago ( 3 - 3 ) also quickly gave up that lead . It was 4 - 4 when Texas started the third	True
Carlos Beltran homered off knuckleballer R. A. Dickey and drove in New York 's first two runs . Having dropped as many as eight games under .500 , the Yankees ( 22 - 22 ) won for the 13th time in 18 games and evened their record for the first time since they were 4 - 4 on the morning of April 15 . New York had not strung together this many wins since last June 1 - 9 . Eovaldi ( 5 - 2 ) , whose fastball velocity trails only the Mets ' Noah Syndergaard among big league starting pitchers , improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.92 ERA in his last six starts and has allowed one run and three hits over 12 innings in his last two outings . He gave up two hits over six - plus innings in this one , escaping trouble in the second	True
Eovaldi ( 5 - 2 ) , whose fastball velocity trails only the Mets ' Noah Syndergaard among big league starting pitchers , improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.92 ERA in his last six starts and has allowed one run and three hits over 12 innings in his last two outings . He gave up two hits over six - plus innings in this one , escaping trouble in the second when , with two on , Kevin Pillar hit into a forceout and Darwin Barney struck out . With New York ahead 2 - 0 , Dellin Betances relieved after Troy Tulowitzki 's leadoff walk in the seventh	True
`` That gives us a sense of relief to the pitchers , the starting pitchers , saying , you know what : I do n't have to be perfect , '' Beltran explained . Beltran drove in a first-inning run when he beat Tulowitzki 's relay throw from second	False
`` That gives us a sense of relief to the pitchers , the starting pitchers , saying , you know what : I do n't have to be perfect , '' Beltran explained . Beltran drove in a first-inning run when he beat Tulowitzki 's relay throw from second on a grounder to avoid what would have been an inning-ending double play and allow Jacoby Ellsbury to sprint home from third	False
Beltran drove in a first-inning run when he beat Tulowitzki 's relay throw from second on a grounder to avoid what would have been an inning-ending double play and allow Jacoby Ellsbury to sprint home from third . Ellsbury tripled leading off when Jose Bautista made an ill-advised attempt for a diving backhand catch , and the ball rolled to the right-field scoreboard . Beltran homered into the right-field second deck in the fourth	True
Beltran drove in a first-inning run when he beat Tulowitzki 's relay throw from second on a grounder to avoid what would have been an inning-ending double play and allow Jacoby Ellsbury to sprint home from third . Ellsbury tripled leading off when Jose Bautista made an ill-advised attempt for a diving backhand catch , and the ball rolled to the right-field scoreboard . Beltran homered into the right-field second deck in the fourth , his 10th	False
Beltran drove in a first-inning run when he beat Tulowitzki 's relay throw from second on a grounder to avoid what would have been an inning-ending double play and allow Jacoby Ellsbury to sprint home from third . Ellsbury tripled leading off when Jose Bautista made an ill-advised attempt for a diving backhand catch , and the ball rolled to the right-field scoreboard . Beltran homered into the right-field second deck in the fourth , his 10th this season . Austin Romine chased Dickey with an RBI double in the seventh	True
Beltran drove in a first-inning run when he beat Tulowitzki 's relay throw from second on a grounder to avoid what would have been an inning-ending double play and allow Jacoby Ellsbury to sprint home from third . Ellsbury tripled leading off when Jose Bautista made an ill-advised attempt for a diving backhand catch , and the ball rolled to the right-field scoreboard . Beltran homered into the right-field second deck in the fourth , his 10th this season . Austin Romine chased Dickey with an RBI double in the seventh , and Ellsbury followed with a run-scoring infield hit against Joe Biagini . Headley added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
DETROIT -- Jordan Zimmermann and Miguel Cabrera helped Detroit to a comfortable lead -- then they both had to leave with injuries . Zimmermann exited in the sixth	True
Cabrera and Victor Martinez homered for the Tigers . Zimmermann ( 7 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings -- this was the first start all year in which he did n't make it through six . Cabrera left with a left knee bruise after being hit by a pitch in the seventh	True
Cabrera left with a left knee bruise after being hit by a pitch in the seventh . With an 0 - 1 count on Steve Pearce in the sixth	True
With an 0 - 1 count on Steve Pearce in the sixth , players gathered around Zimmermann at the mound , and trainer Kevin Rand went out to talk to him . Zimmermann was replaced by Drew VerHagen , and the Tigers later announced that their starter had a right groin strain . Rand was back on the field the following inning after Cabrera was hit by Dana Eveland 's pitch while leading off the bottom of the seventh	True
With an 0 - 1 count on Steve Pearce in the sixth , players gathered around Zimmermann at the mound , and trainer Kevin Rand went out to talk to him . Zimmermann was replaced by Drew VerHagen , and the Tigers later announced that their starter had a right groin strain . Rand was back on the field the following inning after Cabrera was hit by Dana Eveland 's pitch while leading off the bottom of the seventh . The Detroit slugger hobbled around a bit and initially went to first	False
Rand was back on the field the following inning after Cabrera was hit by Dana Eveland 's pitch while leading off the bottom of the seventh . The Detroit slugger hobbled around a bit and initially went to first to stay in the game . He was removed for a pinch runner moments later . Logan Morrison and Tim Beckham homered for Tampa Bay , but that was n't enough to overcome a poor outing by Chris Archer ( 3 - 5 ) . J. D. Martinez hit an RBI double in the first	True
Rand was back on the field the following inning after Cabrera was hit by Dana Eveland 's pitch while leading off the bottom of the seventh . The Detroit slugger hobbled around a bit and initially went to first to stay in the game . He was removed for a pinch runner moments later . Logan Morrison and Tim Beckham homered for Tampa Bay , but that was n't enough to overcome a poor outing by Chris Archer ( 3 - 5 ) . J. D. Martinez hit an RBI double in the first and scored on Cabrera 's single . After Morrison tied it with a two - run homer in the second	True
Logan Morrison and Tim Beckham homered for Tampa Bay , but that was n't enough to overcome a poor outing by Chris Archer ( 3 - 5 ) . J. D. Martinez hit an RBI double in the first and scored on Cabrera 's single . After Morrison tied it with a two - run homer in the second , the Tigers scored again on an RBI triple by Andrew Romine . Cabrera led off the bottom of the third	True
Archer allowed six runs and eight hits in three innings . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh , but Eveland walked Maybin with the bases loaded in the bottom half to make it 7 - 4 . Victor Martinez added a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Rodon allowed eight hits and struck out four in his first time facing Kansas City . Kansas City had four singles -- including Orlando 's two - out RBI hit -- to take the lead in the second	True
Kansas City had four singles -- including Orlando 's two - out RBI hit -- to take the lead in the second . Orlando drove in three of the Royals ' eight runs in the series . He also doubled and is hitting .364 ( 20 for 55 ) in his career against Chicago . Frazier 's homer , which matched Baltimore 's Mark Trumbo for the AL lead , brought Chicago even in the fourth	True
Frazier 's homer , which matched Baltimore 's Mark Trumbo for the AL lead , brought Chicago even in the fourth . Cabrera put the White Sox ahead with a two - run single in the fifth	True
The White Sox were 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position , dropping to 1 for 23 during the series . Omar Infante had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Fernandez ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run , struck out nine and improved to 21 - 1 in 31 starts at home . When Bour put Miami ahead to stay in the sixth	True
Fernandez said he called the shot , including the direction and distance . The homer caromed off the Mike Lowell bobblehead sign in the upper deck . The always-animated Fernandez then turned the game over to the bullpen . Ramos , the last of three relievers , gave up a run in the ninth	True
The Nationals struck out 13 times . Regulars Ryan Zimmerman , Jayson Werth and Wilson Ramos were out of the starting lineup , although all came off the bench . Washington 's first four batters reached in the ninth	True
MLB batting leader Daniel Murphy 's description of one at-bat against Fernandez that ended in a strikeout : `` He chewed me up and spit me out . '' Ozuna tripled to start the sixth	True
Ozuna tripled to start the sixth , and Bour followed with his eighth homer to make the score 3 - 1 . Suzuki tied the game in the fifth	True
Ozuna tripled to start the sixth , and Bour followed with his eighth homer to make the score 3 - 1 . Suzuki tied the game in the fifth . He singled for the third time and took third	False
Steven Souza and Steve Pearce homered for the Rays , helping overcome two homers by Miguel Cabrera to snap the Tigers ' four - game winning streak . Matt Andriese ( 3 - 0 ) picked up the win despite allowing four runs in 5 1/3 innings . Four relievers followed , with Alex Colome pitching the ninth	True
Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) allowed five runs in five - plus innings for the Tigers . Sanchez has struggled early in games this year as opponents have a .864 OPS against him on the second time through the batting order . Things got worse on Friday . Souza homered on his second pitch , and Tampa Bay added two more runs in the first	True
Sanchez has struggled early in games this year as opponents have a .864 OPS against him on the second time through the batting order . Things got worse on Friday . Souza homered on his second pitch , and Tampa Bay added two more runs in the first on Corey Dickerson 's double and Morrison 's single . The Tigers got a run back in the second	True
The Tigers got a run back in the second when Andriese balked with runners on the corners . Detroit tied the score in the third	True
The Tigers got a run back in the second when Andriese balked with runners on the corners . Detroit tied the score in the third . Ian Kinsler singled , but J. D. Martinez hit what looked like a routine double-play ball to shortstop Brad Miller . Second baseman Pearce , though , was shifted to the left-field side of second base and froze instead of covering second base . Pearce , normally a first baseman and corner outfielder , was making just his 19th career start at second	False
Miller threw Martinez out , but it cost Andriese a run when Cabrera homered three pitches later . Sanchez had a surprisingly easy time with his second time through Tampa Bay 's order , only allowing an infield single , but Tigers manager Brad Ausmus pulled him after he allowed a single and a walk to start the sixth	True
Ryan retired the first two batters he faced , but walked Morrison before Kiermaier 's triple . The Tigers got a run back in the bottom of the sixth	True
The Tigers got a run back in the bottom of the sixth , but Evan Longoria made an outstanding play to start an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded . Cabrera made it 6 - 5 in the seventh	False
Carlos Beltran doubled three times and drove in three runs , Jacoby Ellsbury added two RBI while Ronald Torreyes had a two - run triple during a five - run fourth inning to help the Yankees to their second straight win in this series after getting swept by the A 's in April . Oakland scored its only run off Sabathia in the second	True
Torreyes tripled in two runs to break a 2 - for - 23 slump and he scored on a wild pitch . Beltran 's second double of the game knocked in Ellsbury and Brett Gardner . Beltran added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Gray ( 3 - 5 ) continued to have command problems and was knocked out of the game after retiring 10 batters . He walked four , struck out three and threw three wild pitches in his shortest outing of the season . Two of Gray 's walks and two of the wild pitches came in the fourth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Chris Herrmann got the Arizona Diamondbacks ' offense started against Carlos Martinez . Then he helped them finish the job . Herrmann had a two - run single in the first inning and homered off infielder Ruben Tejada in the ninth	True
Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs in five innings and has lost his last four starts after winning the first four . His last victory was April 26 at Arizona when he allowed three hits in eight scoreless innings . Reliever Jonathan Broxton was charged with five runs in one - third	True
Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs in five innings and has lost his last four starts after winning the first four . His last victory was April 26 at Arizona when he allowed three hits in eight scoreless innings . Reliever Jonathan Broxton was charged with five runs in one - third of an inning in the eighth	True
`` I think I got jammed a little bit , '' Herrmann joked . `` No , no , it felt good . I know if was off a position player , but I guess they all count . '' Corbin ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings with four walks , and helped himself in the fifth	True
Jean Segura had an RBI with two hits and has 10 in five games against St. Louis this season . He has hit in 10 straight on the road . Aledmys Diaz had two hits and two RBI for the Cardinals , who scored five runs in the ninth	True
Aledmys Diaz had two hits and two RBI for the Cardinals , who scored five runs in the ninth to make it semi-close . Rookie Jake Barrett got the final out for his first career save . During his slump , Martinez has surrendered 13 earned runs in 20 innings . Center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker saved two runs with a diving catch near the warning track to end the first	True
The Mets ' Matt Harvey got rocked again -- to the point where Bryce Harper feels sorry for him -- and slugging Joey Bats is now a leadoff hitter . Edwin Encarnacion 's two - run home run tied the game in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion 's two - run home run tied the game in the sixth for the only big hit during a duel between Marco Estrada and Ervin Santana , who pitched eight innings apiece . Estrada and Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) held the Twins hitless from the fourth	True
Edwin Encarnacion 's two - run home run tied the game in the sixth for the only big hit during a duel between Marco Estrada and Ervin Santana , who pitched eight innings apiece . Estrada and Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) held the Twins hitless from the fourth through the 10th	True
Edwin Encarnacion 's two - run home run tied the game in the sixth for the only big hit during a duel between Marco Estrada and Ervin Santana , who pitched eight innings apiece . Estrada and Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) held the Twins hitless from the fourth through the 10th , and Joe Biagini worked the 11th inning for his first save with help from a shrewd throw to second base to catch Danny Santana stealing for the second	False
Estrada and Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) held the Twins hitless from the fourth through the 10th , and Joe Biagini worked the 11th inning for his first save with help from a shrewd throw to second base to catch Danny Santana stealing for the second out . Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 3 ) gave up the one - out single to Encarnacion in the top of the 11th	True
Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 3 ) gave up the one - out single to Encarnacion in the top of the 11th that set up the winning run , and Tulowitzki delivered against Fernando Abad to send the Twins to their 16th loss in the last 19 games . Tulowitzki nearly gave the Blue Jays the lead in the ninth	True
Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 3 ) gave up the one - out single to Encarnacion in the top of the 11th that set up the winning run , and Tulowitzki delivered against Fernando Abad to send the Twins to their 16th loss in the last 19 games . Tulowitzki nearly gave the Blue Jays the lead in the ninth , but Santana made a leaping catch of the long drive on the warning track to retire the side with a runner on second	False
Tulowitzki nearly gave the Blue Jays the lead in the ninth , but Santana made a leaping catch of the long drive on the warning track to retire the side with a runner on second . As Santana slammed against the wall to stop his momentum , reliever Kevin Jepsen raised both arms in appreciation . Ervin Santana retired 13 consecutive batters and cruised into the sixth	True
Estrada was even better than Santana , but the right-hander was stuck with his fourth straight no-decision . He 's receiving a paltry average of 2 1/2 runs per game over eight starts this season . Second baseman Jimmy Paredes , who joined the Blue Jays this week after being claimed off waivers from Baltimore , committed a damaging error in the first inning when he let a groundball through his legs with one out that led to a run . Joe Mauer pushed the lead to 2 - 0 with a two - out single in the third	True
Ozuna has a 16-game hitting streak , tying his career-high set in 2013 . Conley ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and eight hits , striking out five . A. J. Ramos allowed a run in the ninth	True
Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly in the fifth put the Marlins ahead 2 - 1 . Bour drove his seventh homer the opposite way to left-center to make it 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Bour drove his seventh homer the opposite way to left-center to make it 3 - 1 in the sixth . He was more annoyed with leaving runners on base . The Marlins stranded 12 . Derek Dietrich had a sacrifice fly off Andrew Bailey in the seventh	True
Derek Dietrich had a sacrifice fly off Andrew Bailey in the seventh and Christian Yelich added an RBI double off Elvis Araujo in the inning to increase Miami 's lead to 5 - 1 . Ozuna hit a 2 - 0 pitch deep way out to left-center in the second	True
Ozuna hit a 2 - 0 pitch deep way out to left-center in the second for his seventh homer to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Phillies tied it at 1 on Tyler Goeddel 's RBI single in the fourth	True
Ozuna hit a 2 - 0 pitch deep way out to left-center in the second for his seventh homer to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Phillies tied it at 1 on Tyler Goeddel 's RBI single in the fourth . Maikel Franco had a sacrifice fly in the ninth	False
Ozuna hit a 2 - 0 pitch deep way out to left-center in the second for his seventh homer to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Phillies tied it at 1 on Tyler Goeddel 's RBI single in the fourth . Maikel Franco had a sacrifice fly in the ninth , but Carlos Ruiz struck out looking with a runner on second	False
The Mets have Monday off after playing 17 games in as many days . New York tried to rally in the eighth	True
The Mets have Monday off after playing 17 games in as many days . New York tried to rally in the eighth , but Juan Lagares was called for running out of the baseline between second	True
The Mets have Monday off after playing 17 games in as many days . New York tried to rally in the eighth , but Juan Lagares was called for running out of the baseline between second and third	False
It was the second straight game in which the Mets were upset by an umpire 's call at a key moment . During their loss Saturday , it was a foul-tip call instead of strike three that preceded a two - run double to break open a close game in the Rockies ' five - run third inning . New York gave deGrom a 3 - 1 lead by scoring twice in the third	True
It was the second straight game in which the Mets were upset by an umpire 's call at a key moment . During their loss Saturday , it was a foul-tip call instead of strike three that preceded a two - run double to break open a close game in the Rockies ' five - run third inning . New York gave deGrom a 3 - 1 lead by scoring twice in the third . He allowed just three hits until Gonzalez went deep with two outs in the sixth	True
It was the second straight game in which the Mets were upset by an umpire 's call at a key moment . During their loss Saturday , it was a foul-tip call instead of strike three that preceded a two - run double to break open a close game in the Rockies ' five - run third inning . New York gave deGrom a 3 - 1 lead by scoring twice in the third . He allowed just three hits until Gonzalez went deep with two outs in the sixth . DJ LeMahieu led off the seventh	True
Toronto first base coach Tim Leiper was ejected in the third inning in a separate dispute before Gibbons was tossed . Ian Desmond greeted Chavez ( 0 - 1 ) with a three - run homer with two outs in the seventh	True
Bush ( 1 - 0 ) , whose career was derailed by several alcohol-related incidents , was released from prison in October after serving 3 1/2 years in a drunken-driving case that seriously injured a 72-year-old man on a motorcycle . He pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings . Bautista 's brawl-triggering slide forced Odor to throw wildly to first	False
Bautista 's brawl-triggering slide forced Odor to throw wildly to first on an attempted double play on a grounder by Justin Smoak , but Texas was awarded an inning-ending double play on the Chase Utley rule . Sam Dyson , who gave up Bautista 's memorable homer in last year 's playoffs , pitched a perfect ninth	True
Gibbons suggested the Rangers were finally retaliating for Bautista 's bat flip in the eighth inning of the last of seven games between the teams this season . Texas beat Toronto in a series for the first time since 2012 , but the Blue Jays had a 4 - 3 edge for the season . Bautista gave Toronto a 5 - 2 lead with a three - run double in the sixth	True
Centeno 's two - run homer off Corey Kluber in the fifth inning put Minnesota ahead for good and the Twins ended an eight - game losing streak with a 6 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Saturday . Centeno , whose contract was selected from Triple-A Rochester on May 6 , appeared in his fourth game . He doubled in the ninth	True
Centeno 's two - run homer off Corey Kluber in the fifth inning put Minnesota ahead for good and the Twins ended an eight - game losing streak with a 6 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Saturday . Centeno , whose contract was selected from Triple-A Rochester on May 6 , appeared in his fourth game . He doubled in the ninth and walked in the third	True
Minnesota was tied with Atlanta for the worst record in the majors and won on the road for the third time in 19 games . Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the ninth for Cleveland . Jose Ramirez 's bloop single to left gave Cleveland the lead in the fourth	True
Following Byung Ho Park 's single , the umpires met as rain began to fall . Kluber 's next pitch hit Brian Dozier on the leg and bounced off the neck of catcher Gomes , loading the bases . Rosario 's RBI fielder 's choice gave Minnesota a 3 - 1 lead . Nunez added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Following Byung Ho Park 's single , the umpires met as rain began to fall . Kluber 's next pitch hit Brian Dozier on the leg and bounced off the neck of catcher Gomes , loading the bases . Rosario 's RBI fielder 's choice gave Minnesota a 3 - 1 lead . Nunez added a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Santana and Sano added RBI singles in the ninth	True
Arrieta improved to 18 - 0 with a microscopic 0.75 ERA in 20 regular-season starts since Aug. 1 . The Cubs have won his last 21 starts , extending a franchise record . Arrieta ( 7 - 0 ) allowed three hits and two runs , leaving with a major league-best 1.29 ERA . After Rizzo 's 11th homer made it 3 - 2 in the fourth	True
Arrieta ( 7 - 0 ) allowed three hits and two runs , leaving with a major league-best 1.29 ERA . After Rizzo 's 11th homer made it 3 - 2 in the fourth , the reigning NL Cy Young Award winner struck out seven while finishing his outing with four hitless innings . Rizzo also singled in Jason Heyward in the eighth	True
Bouncing back from a so-so start for his lofty standards , Arrieta moved to 8 - 1 in 11 career regular-season starts against the Pirates . He also struck out 11 in a five - hit shutout at Pittsburgh in last year 's wild-card game . Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single for Pittsburgh in the fourth	True
Bouncing back from a so-so start for his lofty standards , Arrieta moved to 8 - 1 in 11 career regular-season starts against the Pirates . He also struck out 11 in a five - hit shutout at Pittsburgh in last year 's wild-card game . Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single for Pittsburgh in the fourth , but the Pirates lost out on an opportunity for more when Josh Harrison 's liner went off Arrieta 's left foot and right to Zobrist at second	False
Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single for Pittsburgh in the fourth , but the Pirates lost out on an opportunity for more when Josh Harrison 's liner went off Arrieta 's left foot and right to Zobrist at second for an inning-ending double play with runners on the corners . The Cubs then grabbed the lead for good in the bottom half . Heyward singled on a dribbler to second	False
Likely upset by the call on Bryant , Pirates pitching coach Ray Searage was thrown out by plate umpire Brian Knight on a visit to the mound later in the inning . Locke also served up Russell 's fourth homer with one out in the sixth	True
San Francisco 's top three pitchers , Madison Bumgarner , Cueto and Samardzija , are a combined 14 - 5 . Miller ( 1 - 4 ) blanked the Giants on four hits through five innings but faltered in the sixth	True
Miller ( 1 - 4 ) blanked the Giants on four hits through five innings but faltered in the sixth , allowing two singles before Panik 's home run . Miller 's first career triple , and Jean Segura 's RBI single , had given Arizona a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Miller went 5 2/3 innings , giving up three runs on seven hits . Left-hander Josh Osich retired left-handed hitting Jake Lamb for the first	False
Miller went 5 2/3 innings , giving up three runs on seven hits . Left-hander Josh Osich retired left-handed hitting Jake Lamb for the first out in the ninth	True
The visitor won for the 22nd time in the last 27 meetings between the teams . Arizona fell to 5 - 14 at home . The Diamondbacks turned five double plays , in the second	True
The visitor won for the 22nd time in the last 27 meetings between the teams . Arizona fell to 5 - 14 at home . The Diamondbacks turned five double plays , in the second , third	True
The visitor won for the 22nd time in the last 27 meetings between the teams . Arizona fell to 5 - 14 at home . The Diamondbacks turned five double plays , in the second , third , fourth	True
The visitor won for the 22nd time in the last 27 meetings between the teams . Arizona fell to 5 - 14 at home . The Diamondbacks turned five double plays , in the second , third , fourth , eighth	True
On Eovaldi 's last pitch , Salvador Perez nearly launched a go-ahead , three - run homer , but right fielder Carlos Beltran caught the ball at the top of the wall . Eovaldi wiped his brow as he walked off the mound while Perez put both hands on the top of his helmet . Relievers Kirby Yates and Dellin Betances each followed with a perfect inning to hold a 5 - 3 lead . After the Yankees scored twice more , Andrew Miller worked a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
On Eovaldi 's last pitch , Salvador Perez nearly launched a go-ahead , three - run homer , but right fielder Carlos Beltran caught the ball at the top of the wall . Eovaldi wiped his brow as he walked off the mound while Perez put both hands on the top of his helmet . Relievers Kirby Yates and Dellin Betances each followed with a perfect inning to hold a 5 - 3 lead . After the Yankees scored twice more , Andrew Miller worked a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Chasen Shreve threw a scoreless ninth	True
Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) lost in his first game back in the Bronx since the Yankees traded him after the 2009 season . Castro homered in the first	True
Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) lost in his first game back in the Bronx since the Yankees traded him after the 2009 season . Castro homered in the first , then Headley connected in the second	False
Castro homered in the first , then Headley connected in the second . Gregorius hit a two - run drive in the fourth	True
Gregorius hit a two - run drive in the fourth . Chien-Ming Wang , another former Yankees pitcher , gave up an RBI single to Castro and a bases-loaded walk to Brian McCann in the seventh	True
Lackey retired the first 14 batters before Bethancourt , who went 2 for 3 , broke up the perfect game with a majestic blast over the left-field bleachers and onto to Waveland Avenue . Chicago 's best scoring chance came in the eighth inning . With two outs , Jason Heyward walked . Hand appeared to end the inning by getting Kris Bryant to pop up on the infield . But shortstop Alexei Ramirez dropped the ball for an error , putting runners on first	False
Lackey retired the first 14 batters before Bethancourt , who went 2 for 3 , broke up the perfect game with a majestic blast over the left-field bleachers and onto to Waveland Avenue . Chicago 's best scoring chance came in the eighth inning . With two outs , Jason Heyward walked . Hand appeared to end the inning by getting Kris Bryant to pop up on the infield . But shortstop Alexei Ramirez dropped the ball for an error , putting runners on first and third	False
Hand then walked Anthony Rizzo on four pitches to load the bases , but regrouped to strike out Jorge Soler to end the threat . It was Soler 's fourth strikeout of the game . The Cubs had a 4 - 2 lead entering the seventh inning of the first game . To that point , they were 18 - 2 this season when leading after six innings . But Pedro Strop ( 1 - 1 ) failed to retire any of the five batters he faced in the seventh	True
Mark Trumbo hit two home runs and the Orioles hit back-to-back homers for the third straight game in a 9 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday . Adam Jones had four hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The 3 - 4 - 4 hitters for the Orioles -- Jones , Davis and Trumbo -- went 10 for 15 with four homers , nine RBI and seven runs scored . Trumbo opened the scoring with a two - run homer in the second inning , and then recorded his third multihomer game of the season when he followed Davis ' two - run shot in the fourth	True
Bauer ( 3 - 0 ) , who started the season in the bullpen , allowed three hits and struck out seven to extend his winning streak to a career-high three games . He 's been dominant in his career against the Astros and is 4 - 0 with a 0.67 ERA in four starts against Houston . Lonnie Chisenhall drove in a run with a double in Cleveland 's two - run second inning . Jason Kipnis tripled in the eighth	True
Bauer ( 3 - 0 ) , who started the season in the bullpen , allowed three hits and struck out seven to extend his winning streak to a career-high three games . He 's been dominant in his career against the Astros and is 4 - 0 with a 0.67 ERA in four starts against Houston . Lonnie Chisenhall drove in a run with a double in Cleveland 's two - run second inning . Jason Kipnis tripled in the eighth and scored on a single by Francisco Lindor as the Indians added two runs in the eighth	True
Houston fell to 0 - 9 in games he 's started as the team has struggled to do much offensively with him on the mound and have been shut out twice in his starts . Shaw allowed one hit in the eighth	True
Houston fell to 0 - 9 in games he 's started as the team has struggled to do much offensively with him on the mound and have been shut out twice in his starts . Shaw allowed one hit in the eighth and Allen walked one in the ninth	True
Shaw allowed one hit in the eighth and Allen walked one in the ninth . Mike Napoli had two hits and drove in the second run in the eighth	False
The Astros had one baserunner in each inning , but could n't string anything together on a night they went 0 for 4 with runners in scoring position . Napoli got things going in the second	True
`` That was not coming from the bench , '' Mariners manager Scott Servais joked . Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Lee added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
The Mariners took the first two games of the three - game series and won for the 18th time in the past 25 . This time it was thanks to home runs from an unlikely duo , both off Tampa Bay starter Drew Smyly . Gutierrez 's homer was his first	False
The Mariners took the first two games of the three - game series and won for the 18th time in the past 25 . This time it was thanks to home runs from an unlikely duo , both off Tampa Bay starter Drew Smyly . Gutierrez 's homer was his first of the season after hitting 15 in just 59 games last year . Lee 's homer was his fifth	False
Steve Pearce hit a pair of solo homers and Steven Souza Jr. added a solo shot for Tampa Bay . But those were the only costly mistakes made by Seattle starter Wade Miley ( 3 - 2 ) , who allowed four hits and struck out six over six - plus innings in winning his third straight decision . Pearce had his fourth career multihomer game and Souza 's home run leading off the seventh brought the Rays to 6 - 4 and ended Miley 's night . Tampa Bay had two runners on with two outs in the eighth	True
Pearce had his fourth career multihomer game and Souza 's home run leading off the seventh brought the Rays to 6 - 4 and ended Miley 's night . Tampa Bay had two runners on with two outs in the eighth , but Nelson Cruz made a sliding catch of Souza 's fly ball down the right-field line to end the threat . Steve Cishek induced the fly ball from Souza to end the eighth	True
Pearce had his fourth career multihomer game and Souza 's home run leading off the seventh brought the Rays to 6 - 4 and ended Miley 's night . Tampa Bay had two runners on with two outs in the eighth , but Nelson Cruz made a sliding catch of Souza 's fly ball down the right-field line to end the threat . Steve Cishek induced the fly ball from Souza to end the eighth and , after giving up Hank Conger 's single to open the ninth	True
Simple . Effective , too . The hard-throwing righty took a shutout into the eighth	True
Even right down to the execution of his game plan . His goal was to pitch the Rockies inside and then mix in some sliders . Same goes for De La Rosa 's safety squeeze bunt in the sixth	True
Same goes for De La Rosa 's safety squeeze bunt in the sixth . It was his first RBI of the season and part of a four - run inning that broke open the game . Chris Rusin ( 1 - 1 ) was cruising along until he unraveled in the sixth	True
J. A. Happ allowed five hits in 8 2/3 innings as the Blue Jays won for the sixth time in eight games . Happ ( 5 - 0 ) was one out away from his first complete game since August 2010 . He walked three and struck out five in beating the Giants for the first time in five starts . He also singled in the eighth	True
Roberto Osuna came on to walk Matt Duffy , loading the bases , before getting Jarrett Parker on strikes for his eighth save . Tulowitzki hit a solo shot against Matt Cain ( 0 - 5 ) with one out in the second	True
Tulowitzki hit a solo shot against Matt Cain ( 0 - 5 ) with one out in the second and followed Michael Saunders ' seventh-inning triple with a sacrifice fly . Saunders , who had three hits , also scored on Tulowitzki 's ninth-inning double . Russell Martin singled home a run in the ninth	True
Cain , winless in his last 14 starts dating to last year , pitched his best game of the season . He gave up two runs on six hits over eight innings in his longest outing . He did not walk a batter and struck out seven . Happ pitched around Tulowitzki 's throwing error to get out of jam in the eighth	True
Cain , winless in his last 14 starts dating to last year , pitched his best game of the season . He gave up two runs on six hits over eight innings in his longest outing . He did not walk a batter and struck out seven . Happ pitched around Tulowitzki 's throwing error to get out of jam in the eighth . Parker singled and went to third	False
Cain , winless in his last 14 starts dating to last year , pitched his best game of the season . He gave up two runs on six hits over eight innings in his longest outing . He did not walk a batter and struck out seven . Happ pitched around Tulowitzki 's throwing error to get out of jam in the eighth . Parker singled and went to third on Tomlinson 's grounder to Tulowitzki , who tried to get the force at second	False
In the nightcap , Davis ' eighth homer capped a four - run third inning against Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 1 ) . It also snapped an 0 - for - 16 skid . Winless in his four previous starts , Jimenez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and nine hits . He finished his outing by striking out the side in the eighth	True
In the opener , the A 's amassed a season-high 15 hits to become the last team in the majors to win in May . Oakland scored a couple of early runs , led 6 - 0 in the sixth	True
Orioles rookie Mike Wright ( 1 - 3 ) yielded five runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . Several of the hits were opposite-field dribblers against the shift . Semien put Oakland up with an RBI single in the second inning . Stephen Vogt hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Orioles rookie Mike Wright ( 1 - 3 ) yielded five runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . Several of the hits were opposite-field dribblers against the shift . Semien put Oakland up with an RBI single in the second inning . Stephen Vogt hit a sacrifice fly in the third , Reddick doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Orioles rookie Mike Wright ( 1 - 3 ) yielded five runs and 10 hits in five - plus innings . Several of the hits were opposite-field dribblers against the shift . Semien put Oakland up with an RBI single in the second inning . Stephen Vogt hit a sacrifice fly in the third , Reddick doubled in a run in the fifth and Jed Lowrie hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
Semien put Oakland up with an RBI single in the second inning . Stephen Vogt hit a sacrifice fly in the third , Reddick doubled in a run in the fifth and Jed Lowrie hit a two - run double in the sixth . Semien , the No . 9 batter in the order , made it 8 - 1 in the eighth	False
Lester ( 3 - 1 ) scattered eight hits in 5 2/3 scoreless innings , struck out five and walked two . The left-hander has allowed one run or none in five of six starts this season . Pittsburgh loaded the bases in the fourth	True
Lester ( 3 - 1 ) scattered eight hits in 5 2/3 scoreless innings , struck out five and walked two . The left-hander has allowed one run or none in five of six starts this season . Pittsburgh loaded the bases in the fourth and put runners on first	False
Lester ( 3 - 1 ) scattered eight hits in 5 2/3 scoreless innings , struck out five and walked two . The left-hander has allowed one run or none in five of six starts this season . Pittsburgh loaded the bases in the fourth and put runners on first and second	False
Pittsburgh loaded the bases in the fourth and put runners on first and second in the fifth -- both times with no outs . The Pirates have lost four straight following a six - game winning streak . Rizzo doubled and scored on Javier Baez 's fifth-inning double and hit his ninth home run of the season in the seventh	True
Rizzo doubled and scored on Javier Baez 's fifth-inning double and hit his ninth home run of the season in the seventh off Ryan Vogelsong . He had three hits , scored three times and finished the series with five doubles and the home run . Baez also had three of the Cubs ' 12 hits and drove in the game 's final run with an RBI forceout in the ninth	True
Baez also had three of the Cubs ' 12 hits and drove in the game 's final run with an RBI forceout in the ninth . Addison Russell added two hits and Kris Bryant extended his hitting streak to 10 games . Pinch-hitter Matt Joyce had a two - run homer in the seventh	True
PITTSBURGH -- Seven months later , the Pittsburgh Pirates still ca n't hit Jake Arrieta . Then again , they 're hardly the only ones . The Chicago Cubs ace scattered two hits in seven shutout innings in a 7 - 1 victory that looked more than a little like Arrieta 's dominant performance in the NL wild-card playoff win in October at PNC Park . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) allowed only singles to Sean Rodriguez in the second	True
PITTSBURGH -- Seven months later , the Pittsburgh Pirates still ca n't hit Jake Arrieta . Then again , they 're hardly the only ones . The Chicago Cubs ace scattered two hits in seven shutout innings in a 7 - 1 victory that looked more than a little like Arrieta 's dominant performance in the NL wild-card playoff win in October at PNC Park . Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) allowed only singles to Sean Rodriguez in the second and Francisco Cervelli in the seventh	True
Jon Niese ( 3 - 1 ) gave up six runs and nine hits over five innings while losing for the first time since the Pirates acquired him from the New York Mets in an offseason trade . Two starts removed from his second career no-hitter , Arrieta kept going . His only real trouble spot came in the first	True
Pittsburgh wants to be in the mix with Chicago and St. Louis , but the first series of what is becoming a hotly contested rivalry has been decidedly one - sided . The Cubs have outscored the Pirates 14 - 3 in the first two games . This one lacked the vitriol that accompanied Chicago 's 7 - 2 romp on Monday , when Maddon traded words with several Pirates . That might be because Chicago was too busy getting to Niese , obtained for popular second baseman Neil Walker . Niese has benefited from the second-best run support in the NL , one of the reasons he came in undefeated . The Cubs , however , wasted little time in taking control . Chicago jumped in front 2 - 0 in the second	True
Pittsburgh wants to be in the mix with Chicago and St. Louis , but the first series of what is becoming a hotly contested rivalry has been decidedly one - sided . The Cubs have outscored the Pirates 14 - 3 in the first two games . This one lacked the vitriol that accompanied Chicago 's 7 - 2 romp on Monday , when Maddon traded words with several Pirates . That might be because Chicago was too busy getting to Niese , obtained for popular second baseman Neil Walker . Niese has benefited from the second-best run support in the NL , one of the reasons he came in undefeated . The Cubs , however , wasted little time in taking control . Chicago jumped in front 2 - 0 in the second on a run-scoring groundout by Javier Baez and an RBI single by Arrieta . The Cubs tagged Niese for four more runs in the fourth	True
That was more than enough offense for Arrieta , who left after 99 pitches with his win streak firmly intact . Rodriguez scored Pittsburgh 's only run in the eighth	True
That was enough for Shields , hurt by lousy run support this year . He had received just five runs of support in his previous five starts . The right-hander was coming off a tough defeat at San Francisco on Tuesday , when he allowed three hits in a 1 - 0 loss to Johnny Cueto . Shields gave up a two - out RBI double to Nick Hundley in the fourth	True
Shields gave up a two - out RBI double to Nick Hundley in the fourth , which was preceded by the Padres ' third double play of the night . The Padres got three scoreless innings from the bullpen , which has had some misadventures this year . Ryan Buchter got four outs , Brandon Maurer two and Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
`` That was a nice inning , '' Green added . `` I 've loved Buchter from the first time I saw him . He 's pitched himself into that role . ` ' The Rockies had other scoring chances against Shields but failed to capitalize . DJ LeMahieu reached third	False
`` That was a nice inning , '' Green added . `` I 've loved Buchter from the first time I saw him . He 's pitched himself into that role . ` ' The Rockies had other scoring chances against Shields but failed to capitalize . DJ LeMahieu reached third with two outs in the third	True
`` That was a nice inning , '' Green added . `` I 've loved Buchter from the first time I saw him . He 's pitched himself into that role . ` ' The Rockies had other scoring chances against Shields but failed to capitalize . DJ LeMahieu reached third with two outs in the third before rookie Trevor Story grounded out . LeMahieu was thrown out trying to steal third	False
`` That was a nice inning , '' Green added . `` I 've loved Buchter from the first time I saw him . He 's pitched himself into that role . ` ' The Rockies had other scoring chances against Shields but failed to capitalize . DJ LeMahieu reached third with two outs in the third before rookie Trevor Story grounded out . LeMahieu was thrown out trying to steal third to end the fifth	True
`` That was a nice inning , '' Green added . `` I 've loved Buchter from the first time I saw him . He 's pitched himself into that role . ` ' The Rockies had other scoring chances against Shields but failed to capitalize . DJ LeMahieu reached third with two outs in the third before rookie Trevor Story grounded out . LeMahieu was thrown out trying to steal third to end the fifth . Gerardo Parra reached third	False
`` That was a nice inning , '' Green added . `` I 've loved Buchter from the first time I saw him . He 's pitched himself into that role . ` ' The Rockies had other scoring chances against Shields but failed to capitalize . DJ LeMahieu reached third with two outs in the third before rookie Trevor Story grounded out . LeMahieu was thrown out trying to steal third to end the fifth . Gerardo Parra reached third with two outs in the sixth	False
Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) is 4 - 0 with a 0.62 ERA at Citi Field and has the longest shutout streak by an opposing pitcher in the ballpark 's eight - season history . After adjusting his mechanics , he gave up six hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked three , lowering his ERA from 3.64 to 3.03 . He escaped a second-and-third , two - out jam in the third	True
Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) is 4 - 0 with a 0.62 ERA at Citi Field and has the longest shutout streak by an opposing pitcher in the ballpark 's eight - season history . After adjusting his mechanics , he gave up six hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked three , lowering his ERA from 3.64 to 3.03 . He escaped a second-and-third , two - out jam in the third when Neil Walker popped out and threw a called third strike to his final batter , Asbrubal Cabrera , with the bases loaded in the sixth	True
One start after allowing five steals against Cincinnati , Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three more , and the stolen bases got him into trouble . Runners have swiped 12 bases in 13 attempts against Syndergaard this year , the most in the majors , according to STATS . Matt Duffy singled with one out in the fourth	True
One start after allowing five steals against Cincinnati , Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three more , and the stolen bases got him into trouble . Runners have swiped 12 bases in 13 attempts against Syndergaard this year , the most in the majors , according to STATS . Matt Duffy singled with one out in the fourth , stole second	False
One start after allowing five steals against Cincinnati , Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three more , and the stolen bases got him into trouble . Runners have swiped 12 bases in 13 attempts against Syndergaard this year , the most in the majors , according to STATS . Matt Duffy singled with one out in the fourth , stole second and took third	False
One start after allowing five steals against Cincinnati , Syndergaard ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three more , and the stolen bases got him into trouble . Runners have swiped 12 bases in 13 attempts against Syndergaard this year , the most in the majors , according to STATS . Matt Duffy singled with one out in the fourth , stole second and took third when Posey singled . With Posey running on a full-count pitch , Brandon Belt hit an RBI grounder to second	False
Posey , a slow-footed catcher with 10 steals in eight big league seasons , is n't used to creating offense with his feet . Two pitches later , Pence drove a fastball to the opposite field and over the right-field fence for his fifth home run this season and the first	False
At 98.2 mph , the pitch was tied for the second-highest velocity offering on a home run this year , according to MLB 's Statcast , 0.3 mph less than the one resulting in a drive by the Milwaukee Brewers ' Domingo Santana off St. Louis Cardinals closer Trevor Rosenthal . San Francisco made it 4 - 0 in the sixth	True
At 98.2 mph , the pitch was tied for the second-highest velocity offering on a home run this year , according to MLB 's Statcast , 0.3 mph less than the one resulting in a drive by the Milwaukee Brewers ' Domingo Santana off St. Louis Cardinals closer Trevor Rosenthal . San Francisco made it 4 - 0 in the sixth after Duffy singled and stole second	False
Syndergaard allowed four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings as his ERA climbed from 1.69 to 2.51 . New York lost for just the third time in 16 games . Angel Pagan singled in a run against Antonio Bastardo in the seventh	True
Leake gave up three runs , two earned , in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Kansas City pushed across an unearned run in the first	True
Leake gave up three runs , two earned , in seven innings . He struck out four and walked one . Kansas City pushed across an unearned run in the first before Jarrod Dyson doubled in Alcides Escobar in the second	True
Gee 's victory gives the Royals ' bullpen a 16 - 5 ( .762 ) mark , the highest percentage in the majors . His lone mistake came to Peralta in the sixth inning . Matheny was ejected in the sixth inning by home plate umpire Mike Everitt . It was Matheny 's first ejection of the season and 12th	False
After the hard-throwing right-hander held the Baltimore Orioles to just four hits over his 6 1/3 innings in the Mariners ' 5 - 3 victory Thursday night , manager Scott Servais has a better idea . Seth Smith had the key hit for the Mariners , a two - run home run in the fifth	True
Walker ( 4 - 6 ) , who was 2 - 0 in April and 0 - 5 in May , developed painful tendinitis in his right foot about a month ago . He came out of his June 19 start after five innings and had not started in 10 days . He gave up a solo home run to Hyun Soo Kim in the seventh	True
It also was Tillman 's first career loss to the Mariners , who traded him to the Orioles in 2006 . He is now 7 - 1 with a 3.55 ERA in 10 career starts against Seattle . Center fielder Leonys Martin displayed his intensity and some leather with a pair of superb defensive plays . In the second	True
Center fielder Leonys Martin displayed his intensity and some leather with a pair of superb defensive plays . In the second , he raced straight back to the warning track , hopped up and stretched over his head to haul in a Mark Trumbo blast . Then in the fourth	True
Center fielder Leonys Martin displayed his intensity and some leather with a pair of superb defensive plays . In the second , he raced straight back to the warning track , hopped up and stretched over his head to haul in a Mark Trumbo blast . Then in the fourth , Manny Machado lined a shot off the wall in right-center , a yard short from a home run . Martin gathered it quickly and threw to shortstop Ketel Marte , who then fired to first	False
Then in the fourth , Manny Machado lined a shot off the wall in right-center , a yard short from a home run . Martin gathered it quickly and threw to shortstop Ketel Marte , who then fired to first to get Machado rounding the bag too far . Martin started the Mariners ' three - run fifth	True
Dae-Ho Lee had two RBIs for the Mariners . The Orioles rallied for two runs in the eighth	True
Hurdle thought Taillon 's final four pitches to get Nelson Cruz and Kyle Seager to finish off the sixth inning with two runners on might have been his best . Miley was making his first start since June 12 after a brief stint on the disabled list due to an impingement in his left shoulder . He was lucky to make it through the fourth	True
Miley was making his first start since June 12 after a brief stint on the disabled list due to an impingement in his left shoulder . He was lucky to make it through the fourth , leaving pitches up in the strike zone and watching them get hit hard . Freese 's opposite-field home run into the first row down the right-field line was just the start . Rodriguez 's double in the fourth gave Pittsburgh a 4 - 0 lead , and he scored on Jordy Mercer 's sharp single . Roach took over in the fifth	False
PHOENIX -- Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin sat at his desk with a dazed look on his face , not sure what to say after a wild game that included 32 hits , 17 runs , great plays and bizarre sequences . Philadelphia scored two runs in the ninth	True
Philadelphia scored two runs in the ninth to beat the Diamondbacks on Tuesday night and needed another rally to set up the sweep . Arizona went ahead 7 - 4 in the seventh inning on Paul Goldschmidt 's two - run double , but the Phillies scored four times in the eighth	True
Arizona went ahead 7 - 4 in the seventh inning on Paul Goldschmidt 's two - run double , but the Phillies scored four times in the eighth to go up 8 - 7 . The Diamondbacks fought back in the bottom half , tying it on Jean Segura 's infield single , but allowed Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) to escape a jam in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks fought back in the bottom half , tying it on Jean Segura 's infield single , but allowed Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) to escape a jam in the ninth . Peter Bourjos , who earlier had a two - run homer , hit a two - out single off Silvino Bracho ( 0 - 2 ) in the 10th	True
The Diamondbacks fought back in the bottom half , tying it on Jean Segura 's infield single , but allowed Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) to escape a jam in the ninth . Peter Bourjos , who earlier had a two - run homer , hit a two - out single off Silvino Bracho ( 0 - 2 ) in the 10th and moved to third	False
Peter Bourjos , who earlier had a two - run homer , hit a two - out single off Silvino Bracho ( 0 - 2 ) in the 10th and moved to third on Cody Asche 's single . Pinch-hitter Tyler Goeddel followed with a line drive to right field for a sacrifice fly and the go-ahead run . Brett Oberholtzer gave up a one - out single in the 10th	True
The Orioles lead the majors with 123 homers , including 54 in June . Baltimore would have had a fourth homer , but center fielder Melvin Upton Jr. leaped and reached over the fence to rob J. J. Hardy of a two - run shot in the second	True
The Orioles lead the majors with 123 homers , including 54 in June . Baltimore would have had a fourth homer , but center fielder Melvin Upton Jr. leaped and reached over the fence to rob J. J. Hardy of a two - run shot in the second . Upton then doubled off Mark Trumbo at first	False
Davis passed Hall of Famer Frank Robinson for sole possession of ninth place on the Orioles ' career home run list with 180 . He and Machado had three hits apiece . Kim drove in three runs , adding an RBI double in the seven - run sixth	True
Kim drove in three runs , adding an RBI double in the seven - run sixth . Davis homered and doubled in the inning , Schoop had a two - run double and Machado hit a two - run single . Jones , who went to San Diego 's Morse High , hit an opposite-field homer to right , his 16th , on the second pitch from Erik Johnson . Kim also went to right field on his two - run homer in the fifth	True
Kim drove in three runs , adding an RBI double in the seven - run sixth . Davis homered and doubled in the inning , Schoop had a two - run double and Machado hit a two - run single . Jones , who went to San Diego 's Morse High , hit an opposite-field homer to right , his 16th , on the second pitch from Erik Johnson . Kim also went to right field on his two - run homer in the fifth , his second	False
Kim drove in three runs , adding an RBI double in the seven - run sixth . Davis homered and doubled in the inning , Schoop had a two - run double and Machado hit a two - run single . Jones , who went to San Diego 's Morse High , hit an opposite-field homer to right , his 16th , on the second pitch from Erik Johnson . Kim also went to right field on his two - run homer in the fifth , his second . Davis drove reliever Carlos Villanueva 's first pitch an estimated 417 feet to center leading off the sixth	True
Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) beat the Padres in consecutive starts , holding them to one run and three hits in five innings , with five strikeouts and four walks . He won 7 - 2 against the Padres in Baltimore last Wednesday . Upton had a big game for the Padres . He homered 462 feet , according to ESPN Stats & Information , off the batter 's eye in straightaway center field leading off the bottom of the first	True
Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) beat the Padres in consecutive starts , holding them to one run and three hits in five innings , with five strikeouts and four walks . He won 7 - 2 against the Padres in Baltimore last Wednesday . Upton had a big game for the Padres . He homered 462 feet , according to ESPN Stats & Information , off the batter 's eye in straightaway center field leading off the bottom of the first and had two defensive gems . The first	False
Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) beat the Padres in consecutive starts , holding them to one run and three hits in five innings , with five strikeouts and four walks . He won 7 - 2 against the Padres in Baltimore last Wednesday . Upton had a big game for the Padres . He homered 462 feet , according to ESPN Stats & Information , off the batter 's eye in straightaway center field leading off the bottom of the first and had two defensive gems . The first was robbing Hardy of the home run , and the second	False
Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 7 ) beat the Padres in consecutive starts , holding them to one run and three hits in five innings , with five strikeouts and four walks . He won 7 - 2 against the Padres in Baltimore last Wednesday . Upton had a big game for the Padres . He homered 462 feet , according to ESPN Stats & Information , off the batter 's eye in straightaway center field leading off the bottom of the first and had two defensive gems . The first was robbing Hardy of the home run , and the second was a sliding catch of Kim 's sinking liner in the third	True
Upton had a big game for the Padres . He homered 462 feet , according to ESPN Stats & Information , off the batter 's eye in straightaway center field leading off the bottom of the first and had two defensive gems . The first was robbing Hardy of the home run , and the second was a sliding catch of Kim 's sinking liner in the third . San Diego 's Wil Myers hit a three - run homer off Oliver Drake in the seventh	True
Upton had a big game for the Padres . He homered 462 feet , according to ESPN Stats & Information , off the batter 's eye in straightaway center field leading off the bottom of the first and had two defensive gems . The first was robbing Hardy of the home run , and the second was a sliding catch of Kim 's sinking liner in the third . San Diego 's Wil Myers hit a three - run homer off Oliver Drake in the seventh , his 18th . It was his 11th	False
It worked perfectly as things started falling in place for the Cubs again . Bryant 's only hit on Tuesday -- a single off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 2 ) -- snapped the tie . Javier Baez added a grand slam in the 15th	True
The National League 's top team went 1 - 6 last week but has pulled out of the downturn by winning the first two games of a series against the Reds . The Cubs hit five homers -- three by Bryant -- while taking the opener 11 - 8 . Eugenio Suarez singled home the tying run with two outs in the ninth	True
Bryant became the first major league player to hit three homers and two doubles in a game on Monday night . He set a Cubs record with 16 total bases and became the youngest Cubs player to hit three homers in a game since Ernie Banks did it in 1955 , also at the age of 24 . Bryant broke his three - homer bat the first time up on Tuesday , cracking it on a groundout . The bat boy retrieved it and took it to the Major League Baseball authenticator , who labeled the bat and safely stored it . Bryant flied out , walked twice , fouled out with two runners aboard for the final out in the 10th	True
Bryant became the first major league player to hit three homers and two doubles in a game on Monday night . He set a Cubs record with 16 total bases and became the youngest Cubs player to hit three homers in a game since Ernie Banks did it in 1955 , also at the age of 24 . Bryant broke his three - homer bat the first time up on Tuesday , cracking it on a groundout . The bat boy retrieved it and took it to the Major League Baseball authenticator , who labeled the bat and safely stored it . Bryant flied out , walked twice , fouled out with two runners aboard for the final out in the 10th , and struck out in the 13th	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit a three - run homer , Bauer gave up two runs in six innings and the Indians beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 3 on Monday night for their 10th straight win . Jason Kipnis added a homer in the ninth	True
Chisenhall 's homer in the fourth inning off Tyrell Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) broke a 1 - 1 tie . Jenkins relieved rookie right-hander John Gant , who left the game in the third inning with a left oblique strain . Gant grabbed his left side near his ribs after throwing a pitch to Bauer with no outs in the third	True
The Braves said Gant 's status will be evaluated Tuesday , but Snitker was bracing for an extended absence . Tyler Flowers led off the fourth	True
Verlander would n't say whether Ausmus had talked to the team , but pointed out that it should n't be needed . Ex-Indian Mike Aviles gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead with a third-inning homer , his first	False
Ex-Indian Mike Aviles gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead with a third-inning homer , his first of the season . It was also the first time Detroit had led against Cleveland this year . In the fourth	True
Ex-Indian Mike Aviles gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead with a third-inning homer , his first of the season . It was also the first time Detroit had led against Cleveland this year . In the fourth , though , Michael Martinez walked , went to third	False
In the fourth , though , Michael Martinez walked , went to third on Francisco Lindor 's single and scored on Verlander 's wild pitch . Chisenhall made it 2 - 1 with an RBI single later in the inning . Victor Martinez 's 13th homer tied it in the fourth	True
In the fourth , though , Michael Martinez walked , went to third on Francisco Lindor 's single and scored on Verlander 's wild pitch . Chisenhall made it 2 - 1 with an RBI single later in the inning . Victor Martinez 's 13th homer tied it in the fourth , but the Indians scored six times in the fifth	True
Uribe and Naquin started the inning with back-to-back homers to give Cleveland a 4 - 2 lead . Napoli hit the third home run of the inning with two outs , scoring Lindor to make it 6 - 2 . And after Jose Ramirez singled , Chisenhall homered to right field , chasing Verlander . Victor Martinez homered again in the sixth	True
After Kevin Gausman and Oliver Drake combined for a 5 - 0 shutout in the opener , Matt Wieters hit two homers to help the Orioles rally from a four - run deficit in an 8 - 6 victory Saturday night that extended the Rays ' losing streak to 10 games . Adam Jones and Chris Davis also homered in the nightcap for the AL East-leading Orioles , who trailed 4 - 0 in the third inning and 6 - 3 in the fifth	True
Rays starter Jake Odorizzi gave up five runs in five - plus innings . The Rays led 4 - 0 in the third	True
The Rays led 4 - 0 in the third and were threatening to make it a blowout when Jones made a diving catch of a two - out liner to center with the bases loaded . Wieters hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
The Rays led 4 - 0 in the third and were threatening to make it a blowout when Jones made a diving catch of a two - out liner to center with the bases loaded . Wieters hit a two - run shot in the fourth , Jones connected in the fifth	True
The Rays led 4 - 0 in the third and were threatening to make it a blowout when Jones made a diving catch of a two - out liner to center with the bases loaded . Wieters hit a two - run shot in the fourth , Jones connected in the fifth and Davis led off the sixth	False
Wieters hit a two - run shot in the fourth , Jones connected in the fifth and Davis led off the sixth with his 17th homer to get the Orioles to 6 - 5 . Baltimore took its first lead in the seventh	False
Baltimore took its first lead in the seventh . Jones hit an RBI single off Erasmo Ramirez ( 7 - 6 ) and Davis greeted Xavier Cedeno with a run-scoring single . Wieters connected again leading off the eighth	False
Wieters connected again leading off the eighth . T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings , Brad Brach worked the eighth	True
The first game was dominated by Gausman ( 1 - 5 ) , who allowed four hits over 7 2/3 innings to earn his first win in 13 starts since last September . The right-hander received a standing ovation from the crowd of 18,229 upon leaving the mound following his 113th pitch . Orioles second baseman Jonathan Schoop had two hits , scored twice and backed Gausman with two outstanding defensive plays , including one in which he snagged a grounder in short center field and threw out the runner at first	False
`` I'm on the cusp of breaking through and getting to the other side , '' Johnson insisted . When Jimenez fell behind 1 - 0 after facing only three batters , many of the fans began to grumble and more than a few booed . After he struck out the side in the sixth	True
When Jimenez fell behind 1 - 0 after facing only three batters , many of the fans began to grumble and more than a few booed . After he struck out the side in the sixth , however , most in the crowd of 23,785 cheered . Trumbo tied it with his 21st home run leading off the second	True
When Jimenez fell behind 1 - 0 after facing only three batters , many of the fans began to grumble and more than a few booed . After he struck out the side in the sixth , however , most in the crowd of 23,785 cheered . Trumbo tied it with his 21st home run leading off the second , and the Orioles finally took control when Flaherty homered to ignite a three - run fifth	True
Three relievers combined to get the final 14 outs without allowing a run as the Rangers stretched their season-best winning streak to seven games , the last four being one - run decisions . They beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Monday night in a makeup game matching the American League 's top two teams . Shin-Soo Choo hit a go-ahead two - run single in the fourth	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit a go-ahead two - run single in the fourth to put Texas up 4 - 3 , right after Bobby Wilson ended a 10-pitch at-bat off Kevin Gausman ( 0 - 5 ) with a sacrifice fly . Ian Desmond hit his 11th homer an inning earlier , a 437-foot solo shot that landed halfway up the hill in straightaway center field . After former closer Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 2 ) worked 1 2/3 innings , Tony Barnette had two scoreless innings and Sam Dyson got the ninth	True
Texas is 17 - 4 in one - run games , the most such wins in the majors -- and have won its last eight . Every Baltimore starter had at least one hit , and the Orioles had runners on base in every inning . They only scored in the second	True
Every Baltimore starter had at least one hit , and the Orioles had runners on base in every inning . They only scored in the second , when J. J. Hardy had an RBI double before Adam Jones and Joey Rickard drove in runs with two - out hits off Derek Holland . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the third	True
Every Baltimore starter had at least one hit , and the Orioles had runners on base in every inning . They only scored in the second , when J. J. Hardy had an RBI double before Adam Jones and Joey Rickard drove in runs with two - out hits off Derek Holland . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the third before Hardy struck out and Nolan Reimold grounded into an inning-ending double play . That was the MLB-best 92nd double play turned by the Rangers this season , and they added another in the seventh	True
Troy Tulowitzki and Devon Travis homered for the Blue Jays , who have dropped two in a row after winning seven of eight . With the score knotted at 4 in the fourth	True
Stroman gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings in his shortest outing of the season . The right-hander is 2/3 with a 7.59 ERA over his last seven starts . Wieters made it 8 - 4 with an RBI single in the fifth	True
Stroman gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings in his shortest outing of the season . The right-hander is 2/3 with a 7.59 ERA over his last seven starts . Wieters made it 8 - 4 with an RBI single in the fifth , and Schoop connected in a three - run seventh	True
Baltimore jumped to a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning when Davis hit an RBI single and Wieters followed with his seventh home run . Toronto used two - run homers by Tulowitzki and Travis to go up 4 - 3 in the second	True
Eugenio Suarez hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the 11th inning , and the Reds held on for a 4 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night . The Reds dropped a 9 - 8 game in 13 innings at Atlanta on Wednesday . Adam Duvall started the 11th	True
The Reds added an insurance run on a sacrifice bunt by Ramon Cabrera with one out in the inning . The game went to extra innings after a solo homer by Houston 's Carlos Correa knotted it up at 2 - 2 in the eighth	True
The Reds regained the lead when Billy Hamilton scored on a groundout by Jose Peraza in the seventh inning . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one hit in two scoreless innings for the win and Tony Cingrani yielded one hit in the 11th	True
Astros starter Lance McCullers yielded eight hits and two runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . The Astros trailed by 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
The Astros trailed by 2 - 1 in the eighth when Correa sent Blake Wood 's first pitch to left-center field for a homer to tie it . It was the first home run Wood had allowed since Casey Kotchman connected off him on Aug. 8 , 2011 , snapping the longest active homerless streak in the majors . It had been 58 games and 63 2/3 innings since he had allowed a long ball . A walk by Colby Rasmus loaded the bases and chased Lamb with one out in the sixth	True
A walk by Colby Rasmus loaded the bases and chased Lamb with one out in the sixth . He was replaced by JC Ramirez , who was greeted with the RBI single by Gomez that tied it at 1-all . Peraza got on with a bunt single and scored on Cozart 's double to right field to make it 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
Suzuki had 1,278 hits for Orix in Japan 's Pacific League ( 1992 - 00 ) and has 2,979 with Seattle , the New York Yankees and Marlins . Rose was quoted recently by USA Today as saying : `` I'm not trying to take anything away from Ichiro , he 's had a Hall of Fame career , but the next thing you know , they 'll be counting his high-school hits . '' Suzuki 's first hit Wednesday was on a dribbler in the first	True
Suzuki had 1,278 hits for Orix in Japan 's Pacific League ( 1992 - 00 ) and has 2,979 with Seattle , the New York Yankees and Marlins . Rose was quoted recently by USA Today as saying : `` I'm not trying to take anything away from Ichiro , he 's had a Hall of Fame career , but the next thing you know , they 'll be counting his high-school hits . '' Suzuki 's first hit Wednesday was on a dribbler in the first . His second	False
Suzuki had 1,278 hits for Orix in Japan 's Pacific League ( 1992 - 00 ) and has 2,979 with Seattle , the New York Yankees and Marlins . Rose was quoted recently by USA Today as saying : `` I'm not trying to take anything away from Ichiro , he 's had a Hall of Fame career , but the next thing you know , they 'll be counting his high-school hits . '' Suzuki 's first hit Wednesday was on a dribbler in the first . His second was a double into the right-field corner in the ninth	True
Perdomo displayed an effective fastball with reliable secondary offerings against the Marlins . Fernando Rodney pitched a two - hit ninth	True
Justin Nicolino ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . Suzuki reached on a dribbler up the first-base line in the first	True
Justin Nicolino ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . Suzuki reached on a dribbler up the first-base line in the first . Norris , a catcher , made a sliding attempt to field the ball and throw it in one motion , but Suzuki had already raced past the bag . Suzuki advanced to second	False
Suzuki reached on a dribbler up the first-base line in the first . Norris , a catcher , made a sliding attempt to field the ball and throw it in one motion , but Suzuki had already raced past the bag . Suzuki advanced to second on Martin Prado 's single and scored on Christian Yelich 's RBI single . In the ninth	True
Green seconded Mattingly : `` He 's special . There are people in your life which you 're privileged with competing against and you get to manage against . He 's as good as there is . '' Upton 's second homer of the series tied the score in the second	True
Green seconded Mattingly : `` He 's special . There are people in your life which you 're privileged with competing against and you get to manage against . He 's as good as there is . '' Upton 's second homer of the series tied the score in the second , and Miami took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Upton 's second homer of the series tied the score in the second , and Miami took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on J. T. Realmuto 's RBI single and Miguel Rojas ' sacrifice fly . Ryan Schimpf , called up from Triple-A on Tuesday , cut the gap with a sacrifice fly in the bottom half , and the Padres took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth	False
Ryan Schimpf , called up from Triple-A on Tuesday , cut the gap with a sacrifice fly in the bottom half , and the Padres took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth when Norris hit a two - run single and scored on Upton 's single . Wil Myers added an RBI double in the sixth	False
Wil Myers added an RBI double in the sixth against Nick Wittgren . Miami had two on in the sixth	True
Wil Myers added an RBI double in the sixth against Nick Wittgren . Miami had two on in the sixth when Myers ranged from first	False
The teams entered the three - game series tied atop the American League East . Baltimore has won five of the eight meetings with Boston this season . Tillman kept the Red Sox off balance with an assortment of fastballs , sliders and curves . His lone mistake was a home run in the seventh	True
Tillman kept the Red Sox off balance with an assortment of fastballs , sliders and curves . His lone mistake was a home run in the seventh to Jackie Bradley , Jr . Baltimore 's bullpen gave one run back in the eighth	True
Baltimore jumped on Price in its first at-bat . After Joey Rickard got aboard with a single , Machado drove a first-pitch fastball over the fence in right field to put the Orioles up 2 - 0 . Price settled after that , retiring the 19 straight until Mark Trumbo broke the Orioles ' drought with a single in the seventh	True
Jung Ho Kang and Starling Marte each hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , backing eight efficient innings of two - hit ball from Taillon . One of baseball 's top pitching prospects , the sturdy right-hander from Texas held New York hitless until Curtis Granderson grounded a leadoff single in the seventh	True
`` It was cold . I 've seen a lot of college football coaches get those , so I 've always wondered how it felt . '' James Loney 's clean single with one out in the eighth	True
James Loney 's clean single with one out in the eighth was the only other hit off Taillon , who needed just 91 pitches to get through eight innings . He struck out five and walked one , sending the injury-depleted Mets to their third consecutive defeat . Tony Watson worked around a leadoff double by pinch-hitter Matt Reynolds in the ninth	True
Tony Watson worked around a leadoff double by pinch-hitter Matt Reynolds in the ninth to finish the three - hitter for Taillon in a crisp game that took only 2 hours , 28 minutes . Marte singled with two outs in the sixth	True
Upton doubled , tripled and drove in four runs , J. D. Martinez had three of Detroit 's season-high seven doubles and the Tigers this time held off the skidding Chicago White Sox 11 - 8 on Tuesday night . After blowing a 7 - 0 lead in a 12-inning loss that lasted 4 hours , 34 minutes a night earlier , the Tigers raced to a 10 - 2 edge in the fourth	True
Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) needed 91 pitches to get 10 outs , allowing seven runs and eight hits in Chicago 's 23rd loss in 32 games . Jose Iglesias doubled and scored in the first	True
The Tigers last had seven doubles exactly two years ago against Minnesota . Upton entered hitting .225 but had an RBI double in the second	True
The Tigers last had seven doubles exactly two years ago against Minnesota . Upton entered hitting .225 but had an RBI double in the second , drew one of two bases-loaded walks by Gonzalez in the third	True
The Tigers last had seven doubles exactly two years ago against Minnesota . Upton entered hitting .225 but had an RBI double in the second , drew one of two bases-loaded walks by Gonzalez in the third and tripled in two runs off Matt Purke in a four - run fourth	True
Upton entered hitting .225 but had an RBI double in the second , drew one of two bases-loaded walks by Gonzalez in the third and tripled in two runs off Matt Purke in a four - run fourth . Chicago rookie Tim Anderson , batting leadoff for the second straight game , had two doubles and scored a run . Adam Eaton tripled and scored and Tyler Saladino added a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Javier Baez hit a three - run homer off Chris Withrow to cap the Cubs ' six - run eighth inning . Anthony Rizzo drove in three runs with three hits . David Ross had two hits and also drove in two runs , one on a base-loaded walk from Alexi Ogando in Chicago 's three - run seventh	True
Jason Heyward , who began his career with the Braves , had three hits , two walks and scored three runs . The Cubs matched their season high with four errors . The first	False
CINCINNATI -- The Reds could n't even get a hit through five innings . With the help of a couple of wild pitches , they got just what they needed to pull out a victory . Adam Duvall doubled home the tying run in the seventh	True
Adam Duvall doubled home the tying run in the seventh and scored on Sonny Gray 's second wild pitch of the inning Friday night , rallying Cincinnati Reds to its first interleague win of the season , 2 - 1 over the slumping Oakland Athletics . The Reds had dropped their first seven interleague games and did n't manage a hit off Gray ( 3 - 6 ) through the first five innings . Gray , who made his first All-Star team last season but did n't pitch in the game at Great American Ball Park , let a 1 - 0 lead slip away in the seventh	True
Blake Wood ( 5 - 1 ) pitched two innings in relief of Anthony DeSclafani , who made his first start since returning from an oblique injury . Vogt homered off DeSclafani for Oakland 's run . Tony Cingrani gave up a hit in the ninth	True
The A 's visited for the first time since 2013 . They are 10 - 7 all-time against the Reds in interleague play . The teams have met twice in the World Series , with Oakland winning in 1972 and Cincinnati in 1990 . In his second start since returning from a strained upper back muscle , Gray faced the minimum 15 batters through five innings and did n't give up a hit until Tucker Barnhart singled with one out in the sixth	True
Gray has lost his last five decisions , the longest slump of his career . He gave up five hits and one walk . DeSclafani was picked to start the season opener , but a strained oblique sidelined him for more than two months . He gave up eight hits , three walks and hit a batter in six innings , but got two double plays to limit the damage . Also , Khris Davis was thrown out at the plate when he tried to score from third	False
DeSclafani was picked to start the season opener , but a strained oblique sidelined him for more than two months . He gave up eight hits , three walks and hit a batter in six innings , but got two double plays to limit the damage . Also , Khris Davis was thrown out at the plate when he tried to score from third on Marcus Semien 's grounder in the sixth inning . Jed Lowrie grounded into a double play ahead of Vogt 's homer in the third	True
Flores ' pinch-hit blooper with the bases loaded in the 10th inning drove in the go-ahead run in a 6 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night . Yoenis Cespedes and Neil Walker opened the 10th	True
Michael Conforto 's two - run homer , an eighth-inning drive off Jared Hughes , tied the score 5 - 5 . The Mets won for just the fourth time in 11 games and stopped a nine - game losing streak to the Pirates that dated to 2014 . Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings , and Jeurys Familia pitching a shaky ninth	True
Cespedes had three hits , and Conforto drove in three runs . Mets rookie infielder Ty Kelly hit his first career home run . The two - run drive tied the score 2 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Giants snapped a three - game losing streak . Cory Gearrin ( 2 - 0 ) struck out two in a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
The Giants snapped a three - game losing streak . Cory Gearrin ( 2 - 0 ) struck out two in a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth for the win . Santiago Casilla entered and Williamson immediately committed a two - base error when he dropped Hanley Ramirez 's leadoff fly in the ninth	True
This marked the first career start at AT & T Park for Price , who received a $ 217 million , seven - year contract to join Boston during the offseason . Chris Young homered in the fourth	True
This marked the first career start at AT & T Park for Price , who received a $ 217 million , seven - year contract to join Boston during the offseason . Chris Young homered in the fourth for Boston and Dustin Pedroia extended his majors-best hitting streak to 15 games with a leadoff single in the sixth	True
Chris Young homered in the fourth for Boston and Dustin Pedroia extended his majors-best hitting streak to 15 games with a leadoff single in the sixth . After San Francisco 's five - game home winning streak was snapped in a 5 - 3 , 10-inning loss Tuesday night , the Giants earned just their fifth victory in the last 14 meetings with Boston and only the third	False
Pineda said he was never concerned about a demotion and he 's been working hard on making adjustments and executing properly with pitching coach Larry Rothschild . Andrew Miller worked a one - hit ninth	True
Andrew Miller worked a one - hit ninth for his seventh save and first since May 6 -- three days before Aroldis Chapman took over the closer role when his suspension ended . Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect eighth after giving up runs in a career-worst four straight appearances . Pineda 's only rough inning was the fifth	True
Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect eighth after giving up runs in a career-worst four straight appearances . Pineda 's only rough inning was the fifth , when Gregorio Petit hit an RBI single and Kole Calhoun connected for a two - run homer to the short porch in right field . After that , Pineda retired his final seven batters and was still throwing 97 mph in the seventh	True
Pineda 's only rough inning was the fifth , when Gregorio Petit hit an RBI single and Kole Calhoun connected for a two - run homer to the short porch in right field . After that , Pineda retired his final seven batters and was still throwing 97 mph in the seventh . Beltran hit a two - run shot in the first	True
It was Beltran 's second straight at-bat with a homer after his three - run shot snapped an eighth-inning tie Monday night and powered New York to a 5 - 2 victory in the series opener . The 39-year-old Beltran leads the team with 15 homers . Castro , who hit a tying homer in the seventh inning Monday , sliced an opposite-field drive off the right-field foul pole in the third	True
Castro , who hit a tying homer in the seventh inning Monday , sliced an opposite-field drive off the right-field foul pole in the third . Aaron Hicks doubled in the second	True
The Astros have won eight of nine . Lance McCullers ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs while striking out nine in seven innings to win his third straight decision . Will Harris threw a perfect ninth	True
Lance McCullers ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs while striking out nine in seven innings to win his third straight decision . Will Harris threw a perfect ninth for his first save , a day after closer Luke Gregerson blew his second straight save chance . It was 2-all in the seventh	True
Oakland starter Sonny Gray yielded five hits and one run in five innings after being activated from the disabled list on Sunday . Manager Bob Melvin said it was the best Gray has pitched since his first start this year . The Athletics scored two runs in the first	True
The Athletics scored two runs in the first on a single by Yonder Alonso , but could n't come up with hits in key situations after that and went 3 for 13 with runners in scoring position . Oakland was up 2 - 0 when Gomez , who also doubled , sent his two - strike solo shot to the seats in left field in the fifth	True
Gomez , who has been mired in a season-long slump , is hitting just .191 this season and was 0 for 7 before the homer . He was relieved to finally to see the work he 's been putting in translate to success at the plate . Gattis tied it when he connected in the sixth	True
Estrada took a no-hitter into the eighth inning for the third time in a year before it was broken up by Chris Young 's home run with one out , and the Toronto Blue Jays held off the Boston Red Sox 5 - 4 on Sunday . Jose Bautista opened the game with a home run , the first	False
Jose Bautista opened the game with a home run , the first of four Toronto hit over the Green Monster . Edwin Encarnacion added a two - run shot , and Darwin Barney and Russell Martin each had a solo homer . Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) walked three , struck out five and was lifted with a 5 - 1 lead after giving up his second hit , Dustin Pedroia 's leadoff double in the ninth	True
Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs over 5 2/3 innings in his second start since opening the season on the disabled list with a right knee injury . Last year , Estrada took no-hitters into the eighth	True
The Red Sox have n't been held hitless at Fenway Park since Detroit 's Jim Bunning did it on July 20 , 1958 . The day did n't start well for Estrada , who walked his first two batters before Xander Bogaerts bunted into a force at third	False
The day did n't start well for Estrada , who walked his first two batters before Xander Bogaerts bunted into a force at third on an attempted sacrifice . Ortiz then lined out to center and Travis Shaw struck out swinging . Estrada walked Ramirez leading off the second	True
Mixing a fastball in the upper 80s ( mph ) with a good changeup and occasional slider , the 32-year-old righty kept Boston 's hitters from making solid contact most of the game . Center fielder Kevin Pillar made a nice over-the-shoulder catch on Shaw 's deep drive in the fourth	True
Mixing a fastball in the upper 80s ( mph ) with a good changeup and occasional slider , the 32-year-old righty kept Boston 's hitters from making solid contact most of the game . Center fielder Kevin Pillar made a nice over-the-shoulder catch on Shaw 's deep drive in the fourth and right fielder Bautista made a running grab on Ramirez 's liner to end the seventh	True
Bautista homered into the first row of Monster seats on the fourth pitch of the game , with the ball caroming back onto the field . In the third	True
He allowed one run and struck out nine in eight innings , and the Cleveland Indians defeated the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 . Salazar ( 6 - 3 ) held Kansas City to three hits and was in command , other than giving up Drew Butera 's leadoff homer in the third	True
Salazar ( 6 - 3 ) held Kansas City to three hits and was in command , other than giving up Drew Butera 's leadoff homer in the third . As it turned out , that mistake woke up the pitcher . Yan Gomes homered in the second	True
Salazar ( 6 - 3 ) held Kansas City to three hits and was in command , other than giving up Drew Butera 's leadoff homer in the third . As it turned out , that mistake woke up the pitcher . Yan Gomes homered in the second and Tyler Naquin hit his first major league home run in the seventh	True
Yan Gomes homered in the second and Tyler Naquin hit his first major league home run in the seventh for Cleveland , which has won four of five over the defending World Series champions and trails the AL Central-leading Royals by a half-game . Salazar 's five walks drove his pitch count to 113 . Four of the free passes , including an intentional walk in the first	True
Salazar 's five walks drove his pitch count to 113 . Four of the free passes , including an intentional walk in the first , came in the first three innings . Alcides Escobar , who singled in the sixth	True
Salazar has allowed two runs or less in nine of his 11 starts . Francisco Lindor 's RBI single in the third	True
Francisco Lindor 's RBI single in the third off Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 5 ) broke a 1-all tie and sparked a three - run rally . Mike Napoli followed with an RBI double while the third run scored on Volquez 's wild pitch . Salazar got a boost from his defense in the seventh	True
Roberto Osuna helped , striking out Xander Bogaerts with two on to end the game and end the Boston shortstop 's 26-game hitting streak , second-longest in the majors this year to teammate Jackie Bradley Jr. 's . Bogaerts went 0 for 3 and walked twice , with the Fenway Park crowd booing when he did n't see a strike in the eighth inning . Bogaerts came up again as the tying run with two out in the ninth	True
Bogaerts went 0 for 3 and walked twice , with the Fenway Park crowd booing when he did n't see a strike in the eighth inning . Bogaerts came up again as the tying run with two out in the ninth and worked the count to 3 - 0 before Osuna struck him out for his 13th save . One start after no-hitting into the sixth	True
Bogaerts went 0 for 3 and walked twice , with the Fenway Park crowd booing when he did n't see a strike in the eighth inning . Bogaerts came up again as the tying run with two out in the ninth and worked the count to 3 - 0 before Osuna struck him out for his 13th save . One start after no-hitting into the sixth and then allowing the next five batters to reach base , Dickey did n't give up a hit until David Ortiz opened the sixth	True
One start after no-hitting into the sixth and then allowing the next five batters to reach base , Dickey did n't give up a hit until David Ortiz opened the sixth with a double . He got the next three batters on a flyball to center , a comebacker to the mound and a strikeout . Dickey walked five , hit a batter and struck out four . He left after allowing Mookie Betts ' ground rule double with two out in the seventh	True
Boston tied its longest losing streak of the season with its third consecutive defeat . The Red Sox have lost six of their last nine games . David Price ( 7 - 2 ) , who helped pitch Toronto into the playoffs last season and then signed with Boston , allowed two earned runs on six hits , four walks and a hit batter , striking out five in seven innings . He stayed in the game after being hit by Jose Bautista 's line drive in the third	True
Byung Ho Park went a career-best 3 for 3 , Max Kepler picked up his first two major league RBI and four Twins relievers combined for five scoreless innings in a 6 - 4 victory over the reeling Tampa Bay Rays on Thursday night . Right fielder Brandon Guyer , fighting the evening shadows and setting sun , jumped for Nunez 's drive at the warning track . The ball bounced off his glove into the corner , and Nunez dived into home with a bare-head-first slide and a big smile . His helmet had fallen off between first	True
Byung Ho Park went a career-best 3 for 3 , Max Kepler picked up his first two major league RBI and four Twins relievers combined for five scoreless innings in a 6 - 4 victory over the reeling Tampa Bay Rays on Thursday night . Right fielder Brandon Guyer , fighting the evening shadows and setting sun , jumped for Nunez 's drive at the warning track . The ball bounced off his glove into the corner , and Nunez dived into home with a bare-head-first slide and a big smile . His helmet had fallen off between first and second	False
Both Guyer and Rays manager Kevin Cash did n't believe Nunez should have even been credited with his first career inside-the-park home run , though . Regardless of the ruling , the Twins ( 16 - 37 ) recovered smoothly from a rocky start by Phil Hughes that ended with a two - run homer by Evan Longoria in the fifth	True
Regardless of the ruling , the Twins ( 16 - 37 ) recovered smoothly from a rocky start by Phil Hughes that ended with a two - run homer by Evan Longoria in the fifth that put the Rays up 4 - 3 . Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two over two perfect innings for his first major league victory . Ryan Pressly and Brandon Kintzler followed with scoreless frames , and former Rays right-hander Kevin Jepsen worked the ninth	True
Hughes allowed eight hits , four runs and one walk . In 11 starts this year , he has completed seven innings only once and given up two runs or fewer just twice . The Rays have lost five straight games and 11 of their past 13 . They had only one hit after Hughes was removed with no outs in the fifth	True
Moore finished five innings , allowing eight hits , four runs and two walks while striking out four . After posting a 7.36 ERA over five May starts , Moore was unhappy about being taken out after 96 pitches . Dozier homered off Moore , and the fifth	True
Freeman homered leading off the 11th inning to give Atlanta a 5 - 4 comeback victory over the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday night . Freeman was swarmed by teammates on the field . His homer to right-center off Derek Law ( 1 - 1 ) came after Giants closer Santiago Casilla could n't hold a 4 - 3 lead in the ninth	True
Chris Withrow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for Atlanta to pick up the win . With one out in the ninth	True
Chris Withrow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for Atlanta to pick up the win . With one out in the ninth , Casilla hit Adonis Garcia with a pitch . Garcia moved to third	False
With one out in the ninth , Casilla hit Adonis Garcia with a pitch . Garcia moved to third when Nick Markakis singled to center field and scored the tying run on Casilla 's wild pitch to Kelly Johnson . Giants rookie Albert Suarez allowed three runs and three hits in five - plus innings in his first start in the majors . Suarez drove in a run with his first hit , an infield single in the sixth	True
Minnesota had lost three in a row and was coming off a disappointing two - game sweep at home to the Atlanta Braves in a matchup of two teams with the majors ' worst records . Kepler hit his 11th home run off reliever Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) leading off the sixth inning to tie the game 2-all after Baltimore starter Ubaldo Jimenez lasted five innings in his first start since July 8 . Kepler had an RBI double as part of a four - run seventh	True
Martin Maldonado hit a three - run homer and Milwaukee went deep four times , spoiling the major league debut of Arizona pitching prospect Braden Shipley in a 7 - 2 victory over the Diamondbacks . Maldonado 's drive chased Shipley . The backup catcher said he saw multiple curveballs in his first two at-bats and was sitting on a first-pitch curve in the sixth	True
Acquired from the Diamondbacks in the offseason , Anderson ( 5 - 10 ) had n't made it through five innings in any of his previous five starts . This time , he gave up two runs and seven hits . Gennett hit a 437-foot homer to straightaway center field off Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) with one out in the first	True
Gennett hit a 437-foot homer to straightaway center field off Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) with one out in the first to give Milwaukee a 1 - 0 lead . The right-hander was selected 15th overall by Arizona in the 2013 amateur draft . Shipley helped his cause when he led off the third	True
Shipley helped his cause when he led off the third with a stand-up double , narrowly missing a home run . He later scored on a single by Jean Segura . Villar put the Brewers back in front with a home run leading off the third	True
Shipley helped his cause when he led off the third with a stand-up double , narrowly missing a home run . He later scored on a single by Jean Segura . Villar put the Brewers back in front with a home run leading off the third . The Diamondbacks pulled even in the fourth	True
Villar put the Brewers back in front with a home run leading off the third . The Diamondbacks pulled even in the fourth on a run-scoring double by Yasmany Tomas . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , Ryan Braun extended his hitting streak to 10 games with a run-scoring single , putting Milwaukee ahead 3 - 2 . Wilkins followed Maldonado 's three - run shot in the sixth	True
Pujols drove in four runs , Hector Santiago won his fifth consecutive start and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Monday night . Pujols drove in two with a bases-loaded single during a four - run first	True
Pujols drove in four runs , Hector Santiago won his fifth consecutive start and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Monday night . Pujols drove in two with a bases-loaded single during a four - run first , then added RBI singles in the seventh	True
`` Albert makes adjustments better than any hitter I 've ever seen . There are little adjustments he makes . He knows what he 's doing in the batter 's box when there are guys in scoring position . Today he used the middle of the field and right field . He did a great job . '' The Angels batted around in the first	True
Santiago ( 9 - 4 ) is 5 - 0 with a 1.48 ERA in July . He held the Royals to two runs on five hits with four walks and five strikeouts . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the only Royals runs . It was the sixth straight game the Royals have scored four or fewer runs . The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth	True
Matz had help in the first inning from an unlikely source . Michael Conforto , starting in center field for the first time as a professional , sprinted to left and made a diving catch and rob leadoff hitter Miguel Rojas . Conforto also went 2 for 2 before being replaced in the seventh	True
Jose Reyes drove in the first run with a two - out RBI triple in the third inning . Reyes , who joined the Mets this month , had five hits in the series to raise his average to .242 . Yoenis Cespedes and James Loney contributed consecutive RBI singles in the eighth	True
Matz , who beat Miami for the first time in four career starts , helped the Mets notch their ninth shutout this year . He retired the side in order only once but did n't allow any extra-base hits . Three relievers completed a five - hitter , and Jeurys Familiar pitched a perfect ninth	True
Three relievers completed a five - hitter , and Jeurys Familiar pitched a perfect ninth to earn his 51st consecutive save , tied for the third-longest in major league history . He has 35 saves this year , most in the majors . A wild pitch on a strikeout helped the Mets in the eighth	True
The six - time All-Star joined a club with World Series aspirations hoping to shore up its bullpen . The heart of the order finally came up with hits after the Cubs struggled with runners in scoring position against Brewers starter Junior Guerra . That changed after Will Smith took over for Guerra with one out in the seventh	True
Tommy La Stella , who went 3 for 3 , had an RBI double before Smith ( 1 - 3 ) walked Kris Bryant to load the bases for third-place hitter Rizzo . He hit a 2 - 2 slider down in the zone into right-center to clear the bases and give Chicago a 5 - 4 lead . Ben Zobrist 's RBI single scored Rizzo in the seventh	True
Tommy La Stella , who went 3 for 3 , had an RBI double before Smith ( 1 - 3 ) walked Kris Bryant to load the bases for third-place hitter Rizzo . He hit a 2 - 2 slider down in the zone into right-center to clear the bases and give Chicago a 5 - 4 lead . Ben Zobrist 's RBI single scored Rizzo in the seventh and gave the Cubs a needed insurance run after closer Hector Rondon gave up a homer to Kirk Nieuwenhuis with two outs in the ninth	True
Cubs pitchers labored for much of the afternoon , with starter Jon Lester struggling through four innings , allowing four hits and walking five . Nathan gave up a leadoff triple to Jonathan Villar in the sixth	True
Red Sox starter David Price went 5 2/3 innings and gave up 11 hits for his second straight start . The left-hander gave up five runs , raising his ERA to 4.51 . Ryan Pressly ( 4 - 5 ) got four outs in relief for the win . Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth	True
Twins starter Ricky Nolasco lasted just two innings , giving up six runs and walking three . Trailing 8 - 5 in the seventh	True
Plate umpire Clint Fagan originally ruled him out on a throw from Bradley , but Vargas slipped his hand in on a head-first slide . Nunez 's two - run single made it 10 - 8 . Sano homered in the eighth	True
Sano homered in the eighth . Ramirez homered as Boston erased a 4 - 1 deficit with a five - run second	True
The Royals had dropped four of six since the All-Star break before Friday night , when Duffy ( 6 - 1 ) gave up only Rougned Odor 's homer in the fourth inning . The left-hander struck out four , walked two and gave his bullpen a breather on a steamy evening that began with a heat index of 108 degrees . Luke Hochevar wiggled out of Duffy 's jam to end the seventh	True
The Royals had dropped four of six since the All-Star break before Friday night , when Duffy ( 6 - 1 ) gave up only Rougned Odor 's homer in the fourth inning . The left-hander struck out four , walked two and gave his bullpen a breather on a steamy evening that began with a heat index of 108 degrees . Luke Hochevar wiggled out of Duffy 's jam to end the seventh , Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Royals had dropped four of six since the All-Star break before Friday night , when Duffy ( 6 - 1 ) gave up only Rougned Odor 's homer in the fourth inning . The left-hander struck out four , walked two and gave his bullpen a breather on a steamy evening that began with a heat index of 108 degrees . Luke Hochevar wiggled out of Duffy 's jam to end the seventh , Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect eighth and Wade Davis worked around a two - out single in the ninth	True
Duffy carved through the lineup without allowing a hit the first time through , the only baserunner a walk to Elvis Andrus . He went on to load the bases on a single and hit batter in the third inning , but Duffy calmly struck out Ian Desmond on three pitches to leave them stranded . His only other trouble came when he put runners on the corners with two outs in the seventh	True
His only other trouble came when he put runners on the corners with two outs in the seventh , forcing Hochevar in from the bullpen . He got pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland on a liner to preserve a 3 - 1 lead . They built it in typical Royals fashion : They scored a run in the first	True
His only other trouble came when he put runners on the corners with two outs in the seventh , forcing Hochevar in from the bullpen . He got pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland on a liner to preserve a 3 - 1 lead . They built it in typical Royals fashion : They scored a run in the first on a single , stolen base , error and groundout then scored again in the second	True
They built it in typical Royals fashion : They scored a run in the first on a single , stolen base , error and groundout then scored again in the second on a walk , stolen base and consecutive singles . It was n't until Cuthbert went deep leading off the third	True
He gave up eight hits , including Freddie Freeman 's homer , in eight innings . DeSclafani is 5 - 0 in his last six starts with a 2.61 ERA . Adonis Garcia led off the ninth	True
Adonis Garcia led off the ninth with a homer off Ross Ohlendorf , the 68th homer allowed by Cincinnati 's bullpen -- by far the most in the majors . Barnhart 's homer completed a four - run rally in the sixth	True
Barnhart 's homer completed a four - run rally in the sixth off Lucas Harrell ( 1 - 2 ) . It was the first homer allowed this season by Harrell , who does n't mind pitching in hitter-friendly ballparks . Votto extended his post-All Star break surge with his 16th homer off Ian Krol in the seventh	True
Atlanta was trying to win back-to-back road series for the first time this season but could n't hold a 2 - 0 lead . They Braves are 19 - 26 on the road overall . Jose Peraza 's two - run single tied it in the sixth	True
CINCINNATI -- Atlanta 's two young pitchers grew up a little bit during a ragged , extra-inning win . The Braves ' bullpen blew a two - run lead in the ninth inning , but Ender Inciarte hit a sacrifice fly in the 11th	True
Jenkins , who turns 24 on Wednesday , felt a lot more comfortable in his second start . Nick Markakis started the winning rally with a single off Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) and took third	False
The win evened the teams ' season series at three games apiece . Atlanta is last in the NL at 33 - 61 . Cincinnati is next at 35 - 59 . Atlanta 's bullpen blew a late lead for the second time in four games . Jim Johnson gave up four hits and a pair of runs in the ninth	True
Atlanta 's bullpen blew a late lead for the second time in four games . Jim Johnson gave up four hits and a pair of runs in the ninth . Cozart tied it with a single . Johnson , who is filling in as the closer , has blown three of his five save chances . Gordon Beckham emerged from a deep slump by hitting a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning for a 4 - 2 lead . Beckham broke his 0 - for - 16 slump with a single in the first	True
James Shields threw a two - hitter but was outdueled by Shoemaker , who walked none . Shoemaker ( 5 - 9 ) has allowed only four earned runs in his last five home starts . Adam Eaton doubled to lead off the ninth	True
Adam Eaton doubled to lead off the ninth and Melky Cabrera singled with one out to put runners on the corners . Shoemaker hoped for a double-play ball with Todd Frazier at the plate but could n't get it . Instead , he struck out Frazier and Justin Morneau to end the game . Shields ( 4 - 11 ) allowed a leadoff triple to Yunel Escobar in the first inning but would n't allow another hit until the eighth	True
Shields ( 4 - 11 ) allowed a leadoff triple to Yunel Escobar in the first inning but would n't allow another hit until the eighth . He walked two , struck out two and threw just 91 pitches . Mike Trout drove in Escobar with a groundout in the first	True
The victory provided an emotional pick-me-up for the Mets , who announced sobering news before the game : Struggling right-hander Matt Harvey has symptoms consistent with thoracic outlet syndrome and might require season-ending surgery to treat a serious condition that has jeopardized the careers of other major league pitchers . Murphy homered and drove in three runs , his latest big performance against the Mets since the defending NL champions let him leave as a free agent in the offseason . Bryce Harper , Clint Robinson and Anthony Rendon hit solo shots off 43-year-old Bartolo Colon in the fourth	True
After the ninth-inning double play , All-Star closer Jeurys Familia struck out Harper for his major league-best 31st save . Familia has converted a club-record 47 consecutive regular-season save opportunities since August , though he did blow a four - run lead this year . With the Mets trailing 6 - 4 in the fifth	True
On a tear at the plate all week , Flores homered twice Wednesday against Miami and went 6 for 6 with two homers Sunday against the Chicago Cubs . Hansel Robles ( 3 - 3 ) retired Rendon with the bases loaded to end the fifth	True
C. J. Cron homered twice and drove in four runs , and the Angels overcame another shaky start by Tim Lincecum to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 13 - 5 on Tuesday night for just their third win in 15 games . Cron had a solo shot off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) during a four - run second	True
C. J. Cron homered twice and drove in four runs , and the Angels overcame another shaky start by Tim Lincecum to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 13 - 5 on Tuesday night for just their third win in 15 games . Cron had a solo shot off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) during a four - run second and a three - run drive against Enny Romero in a six - run ninth	True
Cron had a solo shot off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) during a four - run second and a three - run drive against Enny Romero in a six - run ninth , his second multihomer game in four days . He had six hits , including a pair of homers , in Saturday 's 21 - 2 win at Boston . Andrelton Simmons had three RBI , including a two - run double in a three - run sixth	True
Odorizzi , winless in 10 starts at home this season , gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost 17 of 20 . Nick Franklin gave Tampa Bay a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth	True
Nick Franklin gave Tampa Bay a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth on a two - run single off Lincecum , who allowed five runs and a career-high tying 10 hits over 4 2/3 innings . The ERA of the two - time NL Cy Young Award winner rose to 7.50 in four starts . Logan Morrison had a solo shot in a two - run third	True
The Angels had a couple gaffes early on . Steven Souza Jr. tripled in the third	True
Steven Souza Jr. tripled in the third when his fly ball dropped between outfielders Shane Robinson and Kole Calhoun . Souza scored on Corey Dickerson 's infield single . Souza was replaced by Brandon Guyer in center field to start the fourth	True
Souza said he was pulled for not running hard the whole play . Franklin went from second	False
Souza said he was pulled for not running hard the whole play . Franklin went from second to third	False
Souza said he was pulled for not running hard the whole play . Franklin went from second to third in the fourth	True
Napoli hit an 0 - 1 pitch from Bruce Rondon ( 2 - 1 ) into the left-field bleachers , helping the Indians to their 12th straight win at home . Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings and Cody Allen worked the ninth	True
Napoli hit an 0 - 1 pitch from Bruce Rondon ( 2 - 1 ) into the left-field bleachers , helping the Indians to their 12th straight win at home . Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings and Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 18th save . The game ended when Jose Iglesias bounced into a double play . Iglesias was called safe at first	False
Nick Castellanos and Steven Moya homered for Detroit , which had won six straight . Rondon struck out Jason Kipnis to start the seventh	True
Rondon struck out Jason Kipnis to start the seventh , but walked Francisco Lindor before Napoli hit his 17th homer . Detroit starter Daniel Norris was pulled in the third	True
Danny Salazar allowed three runs in 5 2/3 innings and has a 2.36 ERA , the lowest in the AL . Dustin Molleken made his major league debut when he replaced Norris in the third	True
Royals starter Ian Kennedy ( 6 - 7 ) gave up three runs in five innings . Kendrys Morales hit a two - run homer off David Hernandez in the eighth	True
Back home after sweeping the Arizona Diamondbacks , the Phillies snapped a seven - game home losing streak . A video review helped Philadelphia take a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
A video review helped Philadelphia take a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Herrera walked with one out , stole second	False
A video review helped Philadelphia take a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Herrera walked with one out , stole second and advanced to third	False
A video review helped Philadelphia take a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Herrera walked with one out , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Salvador Perez . After Peter Bourjos struck out looking , Cody Asche walked . Perez then picked Asche off first	False
Herrera walked with one out , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Salvador Perez . After Peter Bourjos struck out looking , Cody Asche walked . Perez then picked Asche off first , but the Phillies challenged and the call was overturned . Maikel Franco followed with an RBI single . Asche ripped an RBI double to right in the fifth	True
Herrera gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead on his ninth homer and first leading off . Alcides Escobar hit a double and scored on Cheslor Cuthbert 's single to tie it at 1 in the second	True
Gomez has started heating up after a tough start to the season that included a May when he hit just .136 . He has hit four homers , five doubles and driven in 15 runs since June 5 to boost his average from .182 to .225 . It was Houston 's fourth straight victory and 11th	False
It was Houston 's fourth straight victory and 11th in the last 12 games . Fiers ( 6 - 3 ) scattered four hits over six innings . Ken Giles and Luke Gregerson did n't allow a hit in an inning each and Chris Devenski threw a scoreless ninth	True
Fiers ( 6 - 3 ) scattered four hits over six innings . Ken Giles and Luke Gregerson did n't allow a hit in an inning each and Chris Devenski threw a scoreless ninth . The Astros did n't have a baserunner until Miguel Gonzalez ( 1 - 4 ) plunked George Springer to start the fourth inning . He then walked Luis Valbuena before Jose Altuve grounded into a double play that left Springer at third	False
Gonzalez lamented that no one was able to get to it before it dropped . Gomez padded the lead when he sent one into the seats in left field with one out in the seventh	True
Houston first baseman A. J. Reed got his first major league hit with a single with two outs in the fifth inning . He was 0 for 16 since being called up on Saturday before the hit . Valbuena added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Shreve responded by calmly striking out Kendrys Morales , then retiring Salvador Perez on a fly out , to preserve a 5 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . The Yankees took the lead when Brian McCann and Chase Headley singled off Joakim Soria ( 4 - 6 ) in the 10th	True
The rain began falling and the tarp came out after the fifth inning , and the delay was long enough to end Tanaka 's night . He allowed two runs and four hits while striking out four without a walk . The Royals got within 4 - 3 in the sixth inning when Cain slapped an RBI double off Adam Warren , then they coaxed across the tying run in the eighth	True
The Royals got within 4 - 3 in the sixth inning when Cain slapped an RBI double off Adam Warren , then they coaxed across the tying run in the eighth against Tyler Clippard and Betances . Clippard walked Cain to start the inning . Cain promptly stole second	False
The Royals got within 4 - 3 in the sixth inning when Cain slapped an RBI double off Adam Warren , then they coaxed across the tying run in the eighth against Tyler Clippard and Betances . Clippard walked Cain to start the inning . Cain promptly stole second off Betances , and the throw from catcher Gary Sanchez squirted into the outfield , allowing Cain to reach third	False
Piscotty scored on a throwing error in the ninth inning after Carlos Martinez struck out a career-high 13 , leading the Cardinals over the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 5 on Monday night . With two on and nobody out in the ninth	True
Piscotty scored on a throwing error in the ninth inning after Carlos Martinez struck out a career-high 13 , leading the Cardinals over the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 5 on Monday night . With two on and nobody out in the ninth , Yadier Molina dropped down a bunt . Reliever Tyler Thornburg ( 5 - 5 ) threw to third base for a force out , but Villar 's throw to first	False
Piscotty scored on a throwing error in the ninth inning after Carlos Martinez struck out a career-high 13 , leading the Cardinals over the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 5 on Monday night . With two on and nobody out in the ninth , Yadier Molina dropped down a bunt . Reliever Tyler Thornburg ( 5 - 5 ) threw to third base for a force out , but Villar 's throw to first was wild , allowing Piscotty to score from second	False
It was Villar 's 25th error and his eighth since moving from shortstop to third base to accommodate rookie shortstop Orlando Arcia . After Martinez held Milwaukee to one run over six innings , the Brewers scored four runs in the seventh	True
It was Villar 's 25th error and his eighth since moving from shortstop to third base to accommodate rookie shortstop Orlando Arcia . After Martinez held Milwaukee to one run over six innings , the Brewers scored four runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 3 lead . St. Louis tied it in the eighth	False
After Martinez held Milwaukee to one run over six innings , the Brewers scored four runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 3 lead . St. Louis tied it in the eighth on a two - run homer by Randal Grichuk off Corey Knebel . Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth	True
Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings to pick up his first win . The Cardinals took the lead on a sacrifice fly by Wong in the fourth	True
Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings to pick up his first win . The Cardinals took the lead on a sacrifice fly by Wong in the fourth . Jedd Gyorko homered in the fifth	True
Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save . Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings to pick up his first win . The Cardinals took the lead on a sacrifice fly by Wong in the fourth . Jedd Gyorko homered in the fifth and Kolten Wong hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
The Cardinals took the lead on a sacrifice fly by Wong in the fourth . Jedd Gyorko homered in the fifth and Kolten Wong hit a solo shot in the fifth for a 3 - 1 advantage . Martinez allowed four hits and walked two while throwing 98 pitches . He struck out eight of the first 11 batters and did n't allow a hit to the outfield until the sixth	True
Martinez allowed four hits and walked two while throwing 98 pitches . He struck out eight of the first 11 batters and did n't allow a hit to the outfield until the sixth . Arcia began the four - run seventh	True
Justin Upton also went deep for the Tigers , who pulled within a game of Baltimore for the American League 's second wild card . Detroit trailed 3 - 2 after a solo homer in the seventh	True
Even while celebrating their 4 - 3 comeback win over the White Sox , the Tigers are hoping that Cameron Maybin 's injury does not prove to be serious . Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) got the win in relief , and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Saladino drove in all three Chicago runs . James Shields allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , ending an awful August on a decent note , but the White Sox could n't hold a one - run lead for him . Shields was 0 - 4 with a 13.95 ERA in five August starts coming into Monday 's game , but the Tigers did n't do much against him . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Shields was 0 - 4 with a 13.95 ERA in five August starts coming into Monday 's game , but the Tigers did n't do much against him . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the third , but Saladino 's two - run single put the White Sox ahead the following inning . Upton tied it in the sixth	True
Shields was 0 - 4 with a 13.95 ERA in five August starts coming into Monday 's game , but the Tigers did n't do much against him . Miguel Cabrera hit a sacrifice fly in the third , but Saladino 's two - run single put the White Sox ahead the following inning . Upton tied it in the sixth with a solo home run . Saladino led off the seventh	True
Upton tied it in the sixth with a solo home run . Saladino led off the seventh with his eighth homer of the season . Chicago used three relievers to get through the seventh	True
Upton tied it in the sixth with a solo home run . Saladino led off the seventh with his eighth homer of the season . Chicago used three relievers to get through the seventh , and Jones came on in the eighth	True
Gausman 's last pitch resulted in a grounder that third baseman Manny Machado backhanded and threw from his knees from foul ground across the diamond for the out . This was Gausman 's fourth fine start against the Yankees this season and he finally wound up with a win , permitting only three earned runs in 27 2/3 innings during that span . CC Sabathia ( 8 - 11 ) shut out the Orioles on two singles until Pearce led off the sixth	True
Like the rest of the Orioles , he did n't dwell on the previous two losses . Pearce greeted reliever Adam Warren with a two - out , bases-loaded single in the seventh	True
Pearce greeted reliever Adam Warren with a two - out , bases-loaded single in the seventh for a 3 - 0 lead . Batting leadoff for the first time in his 10-season career , Pearce had three hits . He also made a strong throw from right field to cut down Sanchez trying to reach third	False
Batting leadoff for the first time in his 10-season career , Pearce had three hits . He also made a strong throw from right field to cut down Sanchez trying to reach third . Trumbo connected in the eighth	True
Trumbo connected in the eighth for a two - run shot off Ben Heller . The slugger reached 40 home runs for the first time in his career and boosted Baltimore 's homer total to 204 , most in the majors . Hunter , cut by Cleveland on Thursday , officially signed with the Orioles before the game and worked the eighth	True
The Cubs did n't have much reason to celebrate after losing to the Dodgers , but they were comfortable as they boarded an overnight flight home . With one out in the eighth	True
The Cubs did n't have much reason to celebrate after losing to the Dodgers , but they were comfortable as they boarded an overnight flight home . With one out in the eighth , pinch-hitter Toles was hit by a pitch , and then Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) threw away Howie Kendrick 's short roller , allowing Toles to reach third	False
Stewart began the season with Class A Rancho Cucamonga and was making just this third big league start . He struck out eight of the first 12 batters to set a career high and struck out six in a row during one stretch . He also got his first major league hit with a single in the third	True
Stewart began the season with Class A Rancho Cucamonga and was making just this third big league start . He struck out eight of the first 12 batters to set a career high and struck out six in a row during one stretch . He also got his first major league hit with a single in the third off Lester . He was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the fifth	True
Lester struck out six and pitched three - hit ball over six innings , and the Cubs also four - hit the Dodgers . `` I felt efficient early in the game but in the fifth	True
`` I felt efficient early in the game but in the fifth and sixth innings they ran deep counts and made me work , '' Lester . Kendrick walked to lead off the first	True
`` I felt efficient early in the game but in the fifth and sixth innings they ran deep counts and made me work , '' Lester . Kendrick walked to lead off the first and reached third	False
Carlos Carrasco ( 9 - 7 ) allowed seven runs -- four unearned in the first -- and eight hits in four innings while striking out eight . He went into the game with a 1.74 road ERA this season , the best in the majors . After Ian Desmond 's one - out single in the first	True
After Ian Desmond 's one - out single in the first , Carlos Beltran snapped a career-worst 0 - for - 32 hitless streak with an infield single to the left side against a shift . The runners moved up on a balk when Carrasco began a pickoff throw to first base but halted because first baseman Carlos Santana was 20 feet from the bag . On Adrian Beltre 's sharp grounder to third	False
Pittsburgh still is just 20 - 64 at the Brewers ' ballpark since 2007 , but has a chance for a four - game sweep in the series finale on Sunday . Polanco doubled off reliever Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 3 ) with one - out in the sixth	True
Polanco doubled off reliever Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 3 ) with one - out in the sixth , giving the Pirates a 9 - 6 lead that stood . Hernan Perez homered twice for Milwaukee , with a three - run homer during a four - run first	True
Polanco doubled off reliever Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 3 ) with one - out in the sixth , giving the Pirates a 9 - 6 lead that stood . Hernan Perez homered twice for Milwaukee , with a three - run homer during a four - run first , and a solo shot leading off the third	True
Taillon lasted just three innings , his shortest outing of the season after going at least six innings in each of his last eight starts . He gave up five runs and seven hits , while walking two and striking out three . Pittsburgh scored five runs in the fourth	True
However , Brewers reliever Tyler Cravy -- who had replaced Nelson -- homered off Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) to open the bottom of the inning for his first major league hit . Neftali Feliz got the last three outs for his second save in four attempts . He retired Ryan Braun on an infield chopper with two on in the ninth	True
Neftali Feliz got the last three outs for his second save in four attempts . He retired Ryan Braun on an infield chopper with two on in the ninth . The call stood after a two - minute review . Starling Marte had an RBI double in the first	True
The defense backed Urias with two double plays . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The defense backed Urias with two double plays . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save a day after allowing a run on a wild pitch in the ninth	True
Heyward got caught stealing , and Baez walked Dexter Fowler and Kris Bryant before getting Anthony Rizzo on an inning-ending grounder . Los Angeles took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Los Angeles took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on RBI singles by Chase Utley and Justin Turner . Utley 's hit was the third straight given up by Hammel to start the inning . Seager tied the game at 1 in the first	True
Bobby Wilson hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning for the Rays , and Tim Beckham had three hits . Snell allowed a season-high nine hits and five runs -- four earned -- in three - plus innings for his third loss in four starts . He exited with a bruise on his lower left leg after being hit by a sharp grounder from Marwin Gonzalez to start the fourth	True
Bregman 's single in the fourth inning pushed the lead to 5 - 0 . Corey Dickerson singled with no outs in the fifth	True
Corey Dickerson singled with no outs in the fifth before Wilson 's home run , which smashed off the wall above the seats in left field and cut the lead to 5 - 2 . The Rays did n't take advantage of a scoring opportunity in the sixth	True
Corey Dickerson singled with no outs in the fifth before Wilson 's home run , which smashed off the wall above the seats in left field and cut the lead to 5 - 2 . The Rays did n't take advantage of a scoring opportunity in the sixth . Beckham singled with one out but was caught in a rundown when he tried to go to third	False
Two nights after a game-winning sacrifice fly , the youngster scored the winner on a wild pitch with two outs in the 11th Friday night in the Diamondbacks ' 4 - 3 win over the Cincinnati Reds . After the Diamondbacks gave up a 2 - 1 lead in the ninth	True
Two nights after a game-winning sacrifice fly , the youngster scored the winner on a wild pitch with two outs in the 11th Friday night in the Diamondbacks ' 4 - 3 win over the Cincinnati Reds . After the Diamondbacks gave up a 2 - 1 lead in the ninth and then rallied to tie it in the 10th	True
Two nights after a game-winning sacrifice fly , the youngster scored the winner on a wild pitch with two outs in the 11th Friday night in the Diamondbacks ' 4 - 3 win over the Cincinnati Reds . After the Diamondbacks gave up a 2 - 1 lead in the ninth and then rallied to tie it in the 10th , Drury doubled with one out in the 11th	True
Two nights after a game-winning sacrifice fly , the youngster scored the winner on a wild pitch with two outs in the 11th Friday night in the Diamondbacks ' 4 - 3 win over the Cincinnati Reds . After the Diamondbacks gave up a 2 - 1 lead in the ninth and then rallied to tie it in the 10th , Drury doubled with one out in the 11th off Blake Wood ( 5 - 3 ) and took third	False
Wood explained his errant toss . Edwin Escobar ( 1 - 2 ) earned his first career major-league win with a scoreless inning . But the Diamondbacks blew a chance to win before extra innings and trailed in the 10th	True
Edwin Escobar ( 1 - 2 ) earned his first career major-league win with a scoreless inning . But the Diamondbacks blew a chance to win before extra innings and trailed in the 10th . A. J. Pollock , playing his first game in the majors this season after breaking his elbow in spring training , drove in the tying run for Arizona in the bottom of the 10th	True
A. J. Pollock , playing his first game in the majors this season after breaking his elbow in spring training , drove in the tying run for Arizona in the bottom of the 10th . The Diamondbacks were down 3 - 2 when pinch-hitter Phil Gosselin drew a leadoff walk , took second	False
A. J. Pollock , playing his first game in the majors this season after breaking his elbow in spring training , drove in the tying run for Arizona in the bottom of the 10th . The Diamondbacks were down 3 - 2 when pinch-hitter Phil Gosselin drew a leadoff walk , took second on a wild pitch and went to third	False
Ramon Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the top of the 10th drove in Scott Schebler , putting the Reds ahead 3 - 2 . The Reds had runners on second	False
The Reds had runners on second and third base with one out after reliever Enrique Burgos balked . Cabrera hit a shallow fly ball to right field and Yasmany Tomas caught it and threw to third base for a double play , but Schebler crossed the plate in time . Cincinnati tied it at 2 in the ninth	True
Josh Donaldson homered for the Blue Jays , who missed an opportunity to open a one - game lead over Boston in the AL East . The Red Sox lost 2 - 1 at Tampa Bay earlier Thursday . Toronto has lost four of six . Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista was activated off the 15-day disabled list and started at DH , batting leadoff . He finished 1 for 4 with two RBI . He had a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Josh Donaldson homered for the Blue Jays , who missed an opportunity to open a one - game lead over Boston in the AL East . The Red Sox lost 2 - 1 at Tampa Bay earlier Thursday . Toronto has lost four of six . Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista was activated off the 15-day disabled list and started at DH , batting leadoff . He finished 1 for 4 with two RBI . He had a sacrifice fly in the second and an RBI double in the ninth	True
Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista was activated off the 15-day disabled list and started at DH , batting leadoff . He finished 1 for 4 with two RBI . He had a sacrifice fly in the second and an RBI double in the ninth . Los Angeles trailed 2 - 0 on Donaldson 's fifth-inning homer , his 29th . Trout tied it with a two - run single in the sixth	True
Los Angeles trailed 2 - 0 on Donaldson 's fifth-inning homer , his 29th . Trout tied it with a two - run single in the sixth and Pujols followed with a go-ahead single . Up with the bases loaded for the second straight at-bat , Trout hit a two - run single off Joaquin Benoit in the seventh	True
Kemp 's three RBI gave him 83 for the season . Adonis Garcia had three hits , including a double , and scored twice for the Braves , who have won two of three after losing seven straight . Dansby Swanson , the former No . 1 draft pick by Arizona now with the Braves , singled twice and earned his first major league RBI with a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Adonis Garcia had three hits , including a double , and scored twice for the Braves , who have won two of three after losing seven straight . Dansby Swanson , the former No . 1 draft pick by Arizona now with the Braves , singled twice and earned his first major league RBI with a sacrifice fly in the ninth . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a hit and hit a batter but struck out the side in the seventh	True
Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a hit and hit a batter but struck out the side in the seventh to get the victory . Jake Barrett ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss . Jim Johnson pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jim Johnson pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save . Jake Lamb doubled in two runs and Yasmany Tomas singled in two in Arizona 's four - run third inning . Lamb also doubled in the eighth	True
Jim Johnson pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save . Jake Lamb doubled in two runs and Yasmany Tomas singled in two in Arizona 's four - run third inning . Lamb also doubled in the eighth , breaking out of a 2 - for - 47 slump . Tomas left the game in the eighth	True
Jake Lamb doubled in two runs and Yasmany Tomas singled in two in Arizona 's four - run third inning . Lamb also doubled in the eighth , breaking out of a 2 - for - 47 slump . Tomas left the game in the eighth with mid-back stiffness . Atlanta starter Rob Whalen held Arizona hitless through 2 2/3 innings but never made it out of the third	True
Nick Markakis singled in one run and Tyler Flowers doubled in another . Jace Peterson walked to load the bases but Swanson struck out looking to end the threat . Garcia doubled to start the fourth	True
Nick Markakis singled in one run and Tyler Flowers doubled in another . Jace Peterson walked to load the bases but Swanson struck out looking to end the threat . Garcia doubled to start the fourth , took third	False
Garcia doubled to start the fourth , took third on a groundout and scored on Kemp 's fly out to center to slice the Diamondbacks ' lead to 4 - 3 . The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
Dodgers starter Kenta Maeda ( 13 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five innings and issued a career-high four walks while striking out four . He threw 103 pitches and managed to work his way out of trouble , albeit with the help of his defense . With two outs in the fifth	True
Anthony Rendon and Danny Espinosa homered for the NL East-leading Nationals and Daniel Murphy had his 48th multihit game . It was the first	False
The Nationals jumped on top in the first inning when Murphy singled for his 90th RBI . Schoop tied it with his 20th homer in the third inning . After Rendon connected in the fourth	True
Doubles by Manny Machado and Chris Davis produced a run and Trumbo followed with a drive that soared far beyond the left-field wall . Espinosa connected off Mychal Givens in the seventh	True
Doubles by Manny Machado and Chris Davis produced a run and Trumbo followed with a drive that soared far beyond the left-field wall . Espinosa connected off Mychal Givens in the seventh . Washington got runners to second	False
Doubles by Manny Machado and Chris Davis produced a run and Trumbo followed with a drive that soared far beyond the left-field wall . Espinosa connected off Mychal Givens in the seventh . Washington got runners to second and third	False
Doubles by Manny Machado and Chris Davis produced a run and Trumbo followed with a drive that soared far beyond the left-field wall . Espinosa connected off Mychal Givens in the seventh . Washington got runners to second and third with two outs in the eighth	False
Espinosa connected off Mychal Givens in the seventh . Washington got runners to second and third with two outs in the eighth before All-Star reliever Brad Brach struck out Ryan Zimmerman . Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth	True
Alex Bregman , another Astros rookie , hit his fourth homer in the ninth inning off Neftali Feliz . Houston won its fourth straight game and Pittsburgh lost its fourth	False
Fister ( 12 - 8 ) struck out six , walked one and retired 11 of the first 12 batters . He had allowed nine runs and 11 hits over nine innings in his previous two starts . Ken Giles got his fourth save despite allowing David Freese 's RBI single in the ninth	True
The blowout came one night after the Astros whipped the Orioles 15 - 8 to snap a five - game losing streak . Bregman got this rout started with a two - run homer in the first inning off Chris Tillman ( 15 - 5 ) , who had been given an extended rest because of a sore shoulder . Houston increased its lead to 6 - 0 in the third	True
The blowout came one night after the Astros whipped the Orioles 15 - 8 to snap a five - game losing streak . Bregman got this rout started with a two - run homer in the first inning off Chris Tillman ( 15 - 5 ) , who had been given an extended rest because of a sore shoulder . Houston increased its lead to 6 - 0 in the third and went up 10 - 1 in the sixth	False
The slugger 's shot off Matt Moore ( 7 - 10 ) in the third inning went 457 feet , according to Statcast.com . Cespedes added a 418-footer off reliever Jake Peavy in the seventh	True
The Mets are hoping that what 's next for Cespedes is another second-half power surge , like the one he had last season that took them to the World Series . Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer during a four - run sixth	True
Moore gave up three earned runs and five hits in five innings . It was the first time in 13 outings he pitched less than six innings going back to June 2 . Denard Span hit a `` splash '' home run off Colon into the San Francisco Bay in the third	True
Moore gave up three earned runs and five hits in five innings . It was the first time in 13 outings he pitched less than six innings going back to June 2 . Denard Span hit a `` splash '' home run off Colon into the San Francisco Bay in the third . The home run was Span 's seventh	False
Denard Span hit a `` splash '' home run off Colon into the San Francisco Bay in the third . The home run was Span 's seventh and his second `` splash '' hit this season . Angel Pagan extended his hitting streak to 18 games with a bunt single in the first	True
Hernandez pitched eight strong innings and Mike Zunino homered and drove in three runs to lift the Mariners to an 8 - 2 victory over Milwaukee on Saturday night , handing the Brewers their sixth straight loss . Hernandez ( 8 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits , striking out eight and walking one to improve to 4 - 0 with a 3.80 ERA in seven starts since coming off the disabled list on July 20 . Steve Cishek , who had lost his closer 's role , pitched a perfect ninth	True
Seattle , which has won eight straight homes games and 12 of its last 15 overall , pulled one game behind Baltimore for the American League 's second wild card . Zunino and Leonys Martin hit back to back homers off Wily Peralta ( 5 - 9 ) to open the bottom of the seventh	True
Zunino and Leonys Martin hit back to back homers off Wily Peralta ( 5 - 9 ) to open the bottom of the seventh , stretching Seattle 's lead to 4 - 0 . Peralta was making his third start since being recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs . The Brewers broke through against Hernandez in the eighth	True
The Mariners then added four runs in the bottom of the inning , capped by Zunino 's two - run double to right-center . Martin manufactured a run in the third	True
The Mariners then added four runs in the bottom of the inning , capped by Zunino 's two - run double to right-center . Martin manufactured a run in the third to put Seattle up 1 - 0 . He walked , stole second	False
The Mariners then added four runs in the bottom of the inning , capped by Zunino 's two - run double to right-center . Martin manufactured a run in the third to put Seattle up 1 - 0 . He walked , stole second , moved to third	False
Martin manufactured a run in the third to put Seattle up 1 - 0 . He walked , stole second , moved to third on Ketel Marte 's ground out and came home on Norichika Aoki 's single to left . Aoki drove in the Mariners second run in the fifth	True
Martin manufactured a run in the third to put Seattle up 1 - 0 . He walked , stole second , moved to third on Ketel Marte 's ground out and came home on Norichika Aoki 's single to left . Aoki drove in the Mariners second run in the fifth , slapping an opposite-field double to left to score Marte from first	False
Aoki drove in the Mariners second run in the fifth , slapping an opposite-field double to left to score Marte from first . The Mariners doubled their lead in the seventh	False
Aoki drove in the Mariners second run in the fifth , slapping an opposite-field double to left to score Marte from first . The Mariners doubled their lead in the seventh when Zunino opened with his eighth homer and Martin followed with his 14th	False
The Mariners doubled their lead in the seventh when Zunino opened with his eighth homer and Martin followed with his 14th . Hernandez pitched out of trouble several times earlier , stranding a runner at third	False
The Mariners doubled their lead in the seventh when Zunino opened with his eighth homer and Martin followed with his 14th . Hernandez pitched out of trouble several times earlier , stranding a runner at third in the first	True
The Mariners doubled their lead in the seventh when Zunino opened with his eighth homer and Martin followed with his 14th . Hernandez pitched out of trouble several times earlier , stranding a runner at third in the first , and runners at second	False
The Mariners doubled their lead in the seventh when Zunino opened with his eighth homer and Martin followed with his 14th . Hernandez pitched out of trouble several times earlier , stranding a runner at third in the first , and runners at second in the second	False
The Mariners doubled their lead in the seventh when Zunino opened with his eighth homer and Martin followed with his 14th . Hernandez pitched out of trouble several times earlier , stranding a runner at third in the first , and runners at second in the second and sixth	False
With a big division lead , the Cubs can be cautious with reliever Hector Rondon , whose sore triceps put him on the DL . Rondon is n't concerned , either . Dexter Fowler , who led off the game with a home run , gave Chicago a 6 - 5 lead by blooping an RBI single in the top of the 11th	True
In the bottom half , Nick Hundley singled with one out off Chapman ( 0 - 1 ) . Raburn then tied it with a drive off the right-field wall . And when second baseman Javier Baez made a wild throw that got past catcher Willson Contreras and flew into the Cubs ' dugout , the umpires pointed Raburn home . Cubs manager Joe Maddon said that the umpires ruled that Raburn had reached second	False
Matt Carasiti ( 1 - 0 ) got the win . Down 5 - 1 after six innings , the Rockies scratched back and later scored three times in the eighth	True
Rookie David Dahl homered for Colorado . Addison Russell connected for Chicago . Rob Zastryzny , making his major league debut after being recalled by the Cubs before the game from Triple-A Iowa , escaped a bases-loaded jam in the 10th	True
The Rockies ' rally in the eighth included a replay reversal for the final run , with DJ LeMahieu eventually being ruled safe at the plate . Kris Bryant had three hits for the Cubs , including an RBI single . Fowler hit his 20th career leadoff homer and sixth	False
Kris Bryant had three hits for the Cubs , including an RBI single . Fowler hit his 20th career leadoff homer and sixth this season . Russell 's two - run homer made it 5 - 1 in the sixth	True
Kris Bryant had three hits for the Cubs , including an RBI single . Fowler hit his 20th career leadoff homer and sixth this season . Russell 's two - run homer made it 5 - 1 in the sixth . The Rockies got an unearned run in the seventh	False
Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning in relief of Jerad Eickhoff to earn the victory . Freddy Galvis led off the bottom of the seventh	True
Freddy Galvis led off the bottom of the seventh with a single and Franco followed with his 22nd homer , to deep center off Grant Dayton ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Billy Hamilton used aggressive baserunning to produce another run and Eugenio Suarez added an RBI double to give Cincinnati three straight wins over Miami after losing the opener of the four - game series . Straily ( 9 - 6 ) improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.68 ERA over his last six starts . He opened with five shutout innings before giving up Marcell Ozuna 's two - run homer in the sixth	True
Straily ( 9 - 6 ) improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.68 ERA over his last six starts . He opened with five shutout innings before giving up Marcell Ozuna 's two - run homer in the sixth . Straily allowed six hits and struck out seven . Blake Wood turned in 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief before Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
Fernandez finished with six strikeouts , pushing him over 200 for the first time in his career . With 204 , he is the sixth Marlin to reach 200 in a season and first since Anibal Sanchez with 202 in 2011 . Martin Prado capitalized on an error by pitcher Jumbo Diaz with a two - run single in the seventh	True
MOVING UP : Fernandez 's six strikeouts on Thursday leave him with 204 on the season , the third-highest season total in Marlins history . He trails Kevin Brown ( 205 , 1997 ) and record-holder Ryan Dempster ( 209 , 2000 ) . POWER SURGE : Ozuna 's home run was his 22nd of the season and third	False
Kluber allowed one run in six innings to win his fourth consecutive start , and the Cleveland Indians defeated the Chicago White Sox for the seventh straight time , 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Kluber ( 13 - 8 ) struck out seven and walked two , allowing his only run on Justin Morneau 's one - out homer in the sixth	True
Kluber allowed seven hits , but walked only two and struck out seven . Andrew Miller retired six straight batters , and Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Andrew Miller retired six straight batters , and Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 25 chances to complete a seven - hitter . Miller , acquired from the Yankees at the trade deadline , needed only 16 pitches to get through the seventh	True
Andrew Miller retired six straight batters , and Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 25 chances to complete a seven - hitter . Miller , acquired from the Yankees at the trade deadline , needed only 16 pitches to get through the seventh and eighth	True
Miller , acquired from the Yankees at the trade deadline , needed only 16 pitches to get through the seventh and eighth . Miller has allowed three hits and struck out 11 in 8 2/3 innings over seven appearances with the Indians . The left-hander struck out Adam Eaton in the seventh	True
Miller has allowed three hits and struck out 11 in 8 2/3 innings over seven appearances with the Indians . The left-hander struck out Adam Eaton in the seventh but the other five outs were on grounders . Francisco Lindor hit an RBI double in the first	True
Miller has allowed three hits and struck out 11 in 8 2/3 innings over seven appearances with the Indians . The left-hander struck out Adam Eaton in the seventh but the other five outs were on grounders . Francisco Lindor hit an RBI double in the first , and the Indians stretched their lead on run-scoring singles by Mike Napoli in the third	True
Miller has allowed three hits and struck out 11 in 8 2/3 innings over seven appearances with the Indians . The left-hander struck out Adam Eaton in the seventh but the other five outs were on grounders . Francisco Lindor hit an RBI double in the first , and the Indians stretched their lead on run-scoring singles by Mike Napoli in the third and Jason Kipnis in the seventh	False
TORONTO -- After being hit hard in the first inning , Blue Jays right-hander Aaron Sanchez settled in and silenced the Astros . Russell Martin hit a go-ahead , three - run home run in the sixth	True
Sanchez ( 12 - 2 ) gave up two runs and three hits in a shaky first inning , then shut Houston down over the next six frames for his first win since July 25 against San Diego . He allowed two runs and five hits . Sanchez lowered his ERA to 2.84 , second	False
Sanchez lowered his ERA to 2.84 , second in the American League to Kansas City 's Danny Duffy ( 2.82 ) . Jason Grilli pitched the eighth	True
Jason Grilli pitched the eighth and Roberto Osuna finished for his 26th save . Carlos Correa hit a two - run double in the first	True
Carlos Correa hit a two - run double in the first as the Astros had three straight opposite-field hits . Donaldson cut the deficit in half with a solo homer off Collin McHugh in the bottom of the first	True
Donaldson cut the deficit in half with a solo homer off Collin McHugh in the bottom of the first , his 28th . Houston missed a chance to add to its lead in the second	True
Houston missed a chance to add to its lead in the second , when A. J. Reed led off with a double . Third base umpire Jeff Nelson ruled that Tony Kemp 's one - out liner had landed fair , but Toronto challenged and the call was overturned after video review . Kemp grounded out and George Springer struck out to end the threat . McHugh left after back-to-back singles by Edwin Encarnacion and Michael Saunders in the fifth	True
Houston missed a chance to add to its lead in the second , when A. J. Reed led off with a double . Third base umpire Jeff Nelson ruled that Tony Kemp 's one - out liner had landed fair , but Toronto challenged and the call was overturned after video review . Kemp grounded out and George Springer struck out to end the threat . McHugh left after back-to-back singles by Edwin Encarnacion and Michael Saunders in the fifth . James Hoyt came on in relief and got Troy Tulowitzki to ground out before Martin homered , his ninth	False
Just called up from the minors , Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect inning to win his major league debut after Jacob deGrom gave the Mets another dominant start . Flores finished with three hits , and the defending NL champions ( 58 - 58 ) won for only the fourth time in their last 17 home games . Yangervis Solarte and Wil Myers each hit a tying homer for the Padres . Myers connected off All-Star closer Jeurys Familia with two outs in the ninth	True
Yangervis Solarte and Wil Myers each hit a tying homer for the Padres . Myers connected off All-Star closer Jeurys Familia with two outs in the ninth , delaying the postgame concert by Styx . Neil Walker singled against Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) leading off the 11th	True
Yangervis Solarte and Wil Myers each hit a tying homer for the Padres . Myers connected off All-Star closer Jeurys Familia with two outs in the ninth , delaying the postgame concert by Styx . Neil Walker singled against Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) leading off the 11th and alertly hustled to third	False
Solarte also jolted New York when his two - out homer in the seventh tied it at 1 . Before that , deGrom was rolling along in sweltering humidity on a 91-degree night . He had faced the minimum and given up only one hit , a single by Schimpf in the fifth	True
In seven stellar innings , the right-hander struck out nine and permitted just three hits . Just off the disabled list , Jose Reyes provided an immediate spark for the slumping Mets . He drew a leadoff walk , dashed to second	False
In seven stellar innings , the right-hander struck out nine and permitted just three hits . Just off the disabled list , Jose Reyes provided an immediate spark for the slumping Mets . He drew a leadoff walk , dashed to second on a wild pitch and continued to third	False
Just off the disabled list , Jose Reyes provided an immediate spark for the slumping Mets . He drew a leadoff walk , dashed to second on a wild pitch and continued to third when catcher Christian Bethancourt threw high into center field for an error . Reyes scored on Walker 's single . A sacrifice fly by pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson put New York ahead 2 - 1 in the seventh	True
Indians manager Terry Francona said Santana underwent tests and was feeling better when he left the ballpark . The Indians will monitor him to see if he sustained a concussion . Santana hit his 25th homer to lead off the first	True
Santana hit his 25th homer to lead off the first before Chisenhall followed with a three - run double . Napoli 's three - run homer , his 29th , highlighted a four - run fifth	True
Santana hit his 25th homer to lead off the first before Chisenhall followed with a three - run double . Napoli 's three - run homer , his 29th , highlighted a four - run fifth . He also had an RBI double in the second	True
Santana hit his 25th homer to lead off the first before Chisenhall followed with a three - run double . Napoli 's three - run homer , his 29th , highlighted a four - run fifth . He also had an RBI double in the second . Chisenhall added an RBI double in the fourth	False
Corey Kluber ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three runs in six innings . He is 4 - 0 with a 1.88 ERA in his last six starts . Mike Trout homered in the first	True
Trout was 1 for 13 with an infield hit and eight strikeouts coming into the game . The homer was his 22nd . Cliff Pennington also homered off Kluber in the third	True
Trout was 1 for 13 with an infield hit and eight strikeouts coming into the game . The homer was his 22nd . Cliff Pennington also homered off Kluber in the third , his third	False
Cliff Pennington also homered off Kluber in the third , his third of the season . The game was delayed by rain in the fourth	True
Duffy moved into the rotation on May 15 and has thrown eight or more innings in four starts . Cuthbert , whose triple scored Jarrod Dyson in the sixth	True
Duffy moved into the rotation on May 15 and has thrown eight or more innings in four starts . Cuthbert , whose triple scored Jarrod Dyson in the sixth , is second among AL rookies with 93 hits , 24 multihit games and a .303 batting average . Dyson was initially called out trying to steal second	False
Cuthbert scored the go-ahead run on Eric Hosmer 's single off Carson Fulmer ( 0 - 2 ) . Fulmer has an 8.47 ERA in eight relief appearances . Chicago 's Jason Coats , recalled Tuesday from Triple-A Charlotte , singled home Tim Anderson with two outs in the second	True
Chicago 's Jason Coats , recalled Tuesday from Triple-A Charlotte , singled home Tim Anderson with two outs in the second for his first major league RBI . White Sox right-hander Miguel Gonzalez left after 21 pitches with a right groin strain . After Salvador Perez fouled off a full-count pitch leading off the second	True
Edwin Jackson pitched two - hit ball over seven innings , Travis Jankowski capped the scoring by stealing home and the Padres beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 0 on Wednesday night . It was the fourth time the Padres had a straight steal of home this season , and the second	False
It was the fourth time the Padres had a straight steal of home this season , and the second by Jankowski . Jankowski 's steal came with two outs in the eighth	True
The Padres capitalized on a throwing error by Vogelsong and a fielding error by third baseman Jung Ho Kang to score twice in the second inning . Ryan Schimpf doubled and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's single in the seventh	True
Porcello pitched eight solid innings , Matt Barnes cleaned up a mess created by closer Craig Kimbrel and Boston held on to beat the New York Yankees 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kimbrel walked in a run with the bases loaded in the ninth	True
The Yankees say Alex Rodriguez will start in the series finale against the Red Sox on Thursday , one day before he plays his final career game . After falling behind early , the Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth	True
Rodriguez did not play after announcing that this week 's four games would be his last with the Yankees . Manager Joe Girardi said the plan is for Rodriguez to start the final game of the series on Thursday night . A-Rod will play his final game in pinstripes Friday night at home against Tampa Bay . With the Red Sox leading in the ninth	True
Rodriguez made his major league debut for Seattle at Fenway in 1994 . Things got tense for a moment in the seventh	True
Headley also was mum about the incident . The Red Sox played catch up until putting things together in the fifth	True
Howie Kendrick , Yasmani Grandal and Justin Turner homered , and the Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 to tie the San Francisco Giants atop the division after being eight games back on June 26 -- the last time ace Clayton Kershaw pitched . The Dodgers moved into a tie for first	False
`` They got the best of me tonight . It 's a learning experience and I have to check the video and learn from this . '' Aaron Altherr put Philadelphia ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the second	True
Aaron Altherr put Philadelphia ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the second , but then Los Angeles scored four runs in its half of the inning . Joc Pederson drilled an RBI single , Kendrick smacked a two - run homer -- his seventh -- and Corey Seager followed with an RBI single . Kendrick got a third RBI with a double in the fifth	True
Joc Pederson drilled an RBI single , Kendrick smacked a two - run homer -- his seventh -- and Corey Seager followed with an RBI single . Kendrick got a third RBI with a double in the fifth . Grandal homered for the second night in a row -- this one a two - run shot -- in the third	True
Grandal leads the NL with 12 home runs since June 30 . Freddy Galvis belted his 10th homer in the fourth	True
MILWAUKEE -- Gordon Beckham 's fly ball in the 12th inning Monday night was deep enough in center field to make for an easy scorer 's decision . Matt Kemp scored from third	False
With the bases loaded and nobody out , Beckham ripped Carlos Torres ' pitch to the warning track , and Broxton dropped it . An error was given to Broxton , but Beckham was awarded a sacrifice fly and an RBI . Kemp drew a walk off Torres ( 2 - 2 ) to start the 12th	True
With the bases loaded and nobody out , Beckham ripped Carlos Torres ' pitch to the warning track , and Broxton dropped it . An error was given to Broxton , but Beckham was awarded a sacrifice fly and an RBI . Kemp drew a walk off Torres ( 2 - 2 ) to start the 12th and went to third	False
The Mets -- victimized by back-to-back infield singles in the seventh -- managed to avoid a three - game sweep . Detroit lost for only the second time in 12 games . The injury-plagued Mets had allowed Detroit to tie the game at 1 in the seventh	True
The Mets -- victimized by back-to-back infield singles in the seventh -- managed to avoid a three - game sweep . Detroit lost for only the second time in 12 games . The injury-plagued Mets had allowed Detroit to tie the game at 1 in the seventh with the help of a couple fluky infield hits . Then the Tigers put men on first	False
The Mets -- victimized by back-to-back infield singles in the seventh -- managed to avoid a three - game sweep . Detroit lost for only the second time in 12 games . The injury-plagued Mets had allowed Detroit to tie the game at 1 in the seventh with the help of a couple fluky infield hits . Then the Tigers put men on first and second	False
The Mets -- victimized by back-to-back infield singles in the seventh -- managed to avoid a three - game sweep . Detroit lost for only the second time in 12 games . The injury-plagued Mets had allowed Detroit to tie the game at 1 in the seventh with the help of a couple fluky infield hits . Then the Tigers put men on first and second with two outs in the eighth	True
The injury-plagued Mets had allowed Detroit to tie the game at 1 in the seventh with the help of a couple fluky infield hits . Then the Tigers put men on first and second with two outs in the eighth . McGehee slapped a grounder that deflected off Loney and into shallow right field , but J. D. Martinez stopped at third instead of coming around to score . Justin Upton , who had started the play on first	False
The injury-plagued Mets had allowed Detroit to tie the game at 1 in the seventh with the help of a couple fluky infield hits . Then the Tigers put men on first and second with two outs in the eighth . McGehee slapped a grounder that deflected off Loney and into shallow right field , but J. D. Martinez stopped at third instead of coming around to score . Justin Upton , who had started the play on first , kept going toward third	False
Detroit trails AL Central-leading Cleveland by two games . Anibal Sanchez pitched eight impressive innings for the Tigers , and Jacob deGrom was strong for the Mets . Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) got the win in relief , and Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
Anibal Sanchez pitched eight impressive innings for the Tigers , and Jacob deGrom was strong for the Mets . Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) got the win in relief , and Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his major league-leading 39th save in 41 chances . Michael Conforto homered for the Mets in the seventh	True
Michael Conforto homered for the Mets in the seventh . New York 's 1 - 0 lead did n't last long after Conforto 's drive . With runners on first	False
Michael Conforto homered for the Mets in the seventh . New York 's 1 - 0 lead did n't last long after Conforto 's drive . With runners on first and second	False
Michael Conforto homered for the Mets in the seventh . New York 's 1 - 0 lead did n't last long after Conforto 's drive . With runners on first and second and two outs in the bottom of the seventh	True
Michael Conforto homered for the Mets in the seventh . New York 's 1 - 0 lead did n't last long after Conforto 's drive . With runners on first and second and two outs in the bottom of the seventh , Andrew Romine hit a dribbler toward third	False
Pinch-hitter Ian Kinsler then hit a soft chopper that made it past the mound for another infield single , tying the game . Rodriguez hit Alejandro De Aza with a pitch to start the ninth	True
CHICAGO -- Manny Machado was 16 when he first met Alex Rodriguez and they quickly became close friends and offseason workout buddies . So Machado was watching intently Sunday morning as A-Rod announced he was ending his career . Machado became the second player in major league history to homer in the first	True
CHICAGO -- Manny Machado was 16 when he first met Alex Rodriguez and they quickly became close friends and offseason workout buddies . So Machado was watching intently Sunday morning as A-Rod announced he was ending his career . Machado became the second player in major league history to homer in the first , second	True
Machado became the second player in major league history to homer in the first , second and third innings , driving in a career-high seven runs in a 10 - 2 rout of James Shields and the Chicago White Sox . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Machado became the second player in major league history to homer in the first , second and third innings , driving in a career-high seven runs in a 10 - 2 rout of James Shields and the Chicago White Sox . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first and a three - run shot in the second	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first and a three - run shot in the second off Shields , who allowed four homers while getting four outs . Machado hit another two - run homer in the third	True
The All-Star third baseman pulled all three shots to left field on the warm , breezy day to make it 10 - 0 and give him 25 homers on the season . He 's ninth player in big league history to homer in any three consecutive innings . Machado grounded into a double play in the fifth	True
The All-Star third baseman pulled all three shots to left field on the warm , breezy day to make it 10 - 0 and give him 25 homers on the season . He 's ninth player in big league history to homer in any three consecutive innings . Machado grounded into a double play in the fifth , lined to center in the seventh	True
The All-Star third baseman pulled all three shots to left field on the warm , breezy day to make it 10 - 0 and give him 25 homers on the season . He 's ninth player in big league history to homer in any three consecutive innings . Machado grounded into a double play in the fifth , lined to center in the seventh and grounded to third	False
The All-Star third baseman pulled all three shots to left field on the warm , breezy day to make it 10 - 0 and give him 25 homers on the season . He 's ninth player in big league history to homer in any three consecutive innings . Machado grounded into a double play in the fifth , lined to center in the seventh and grounded to third in the ninth	False
Charlie Blackmon homered among his four hits and drove in four runs for the Rockies , who moved within three games of the Marlins and St. Louis for the second NL wild-card spot on a night when history was nearly made . It did n't seem like Suzuki would have a chance after the Rockies took a 12 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
It did n't seem like Suzuki would have a chance after the Rockies took a 12 - 3 lead in the seventh , but he had a pinch-hit infield single to lead off the eighth inning for No . 2,999 , just beating the throw by Gold Glove third baseman Nolan Arenado . Suzuki stayed in the game to play right field . In the ninth	True
Rookie David Dahl had three hits to extend his hitting streak to 12 games and Daniel Descalso drove in three runs for Colorado , which is 15 - 7 since the All-Star break . Stanton 's 23rd homer was the longest in the major leagues this season and the longest in Coors Field history . Suzuki batted for the All-Star Home Run Derby champion in the eighth	True
Stanton 's 23rd homer was the longest in the major leagues this season and the longest in Coors Field history . Suzuki batted for the All-Star Home Run Derby champion in the eighth . Stanton , who flew out on a 3 - 0 pitch in the third	True
Stanton 's 23rd homer was the longest in the major leagues this season and the longest in Coors Field history . Suzuki batted for the All-Star Home Run Derby champion in the eighth . Stanton , who flew out on a 3 - 0 pitch in the third , connected in the fifth	True
This was the second time Stanton crushed a ball in Denver . He hit a home run 494 feet in 2012 . Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) retired 10 straight after Dahl 's leadoff triple in the second	True
This was the second time Stanton crushed a ball in Denver . He hit a home run 494 feet in 2012 . Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 8 ) retired 10 straight after Dahl 's leadoff triple in the second , but faltered in Colorado 's seven - run sixth	True
Archer ( 6 - 15 ) won for the third time in his last 15 starts , giving up one run and three hits and striking out seven to regain the American League lead in strikeouts with 168 . Alex Colome got the final two outs for his 27th save after the Twins rallied for two runs in the ninth	True
Longoria and Wilson homered off Minnesota starter Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . Longoria 's 24th home run gave the Rays a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Longoria and Wilson homered off Minnesota starter Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . Longoria 's 24th home run gave the Rays a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Wilson , re-acquired by the Rays off waivers from Texas on Thursday , homered in his second	True
Longoria and Wilson homered off Minnesota starter Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up four runs and six hits in five innings . Longoria 's 24th home run gave the Rays a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Wilson , re-acquired by the Rays off waivers from Texas on Thursday , homered in his second at bat and drove in another run with a single . Forsythe added his 11th home run in the seventh	True
Longoria 's 24th home run gave the Rays a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Wilson , re-acquired by the Rays off waivers from Texas on Thursday , homered in his second at bat and drove in another run with a single . Forsythe added his 11th home run in the seventh off reliever Trevor May . Brian Dozier drove in the Twins ' first run with a double in the sixth	True
After falling behind 0 - 2 , Zunino fouled off a pair of 0 - 2 pitches , then watched Lincecum miss low with three straight changeups . He did n't miss the fourth changeup , thrown at his knees , golfing it into the bullpen beyond the left field wall . Seattle overcame a rough first	True
Seattle overcame a rough first from starter Felix Hernandez and rallied with its largest first-inning output since scoring seven runs on May 15 , 2013 against the New York Yankees . Seattle sent up 10 batters and recorded seven hits against Lincecum ( 2 - 6 ) , capped by Zunino 's sixth homer of the season . Hernandez ( 6 - 4 ) settled down after giving up a three - run shot to Mike Trout in the first	True
Hernandez ( 6 - 4 ) settled down after giving up a three - run shot to Mike Trout in the first . He retired 12 of the next 13 after Trout 's 20th homer and picked up his second win since coming off the disabled list . Hernandez gave up a double to Yunel Escobar on the first pitch of the game , Trout 's homer two batters later and a solo shot by Jett Bandy leading off the fifth	True
Hernandez gave up a double to Yunel Escobar on the first pitch of the game , Trout 's homer two batters later and a solo shot by Jett Bandy leading off the fifth . Otherwise , the Angels could not solve Hernandez , who struck out six and walked three . Hernandez completed eight innings for the first time since Sept. 10 , 2015 against Texas . Rookie Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
Rookie Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his third save in three chances , hitting triple digits more than once . Diaz now has 56 strikeouts in 28 innings since being called up from the minors . Down 3 - 0 , Seattle started its first inning with four straight singles , including an RBI base hit by Robinson Cano . After a pop out , Adam Lind singled and Leonys Martin 's sacrifice fly that was deep enough to score Cano from third	False
Tigers ace Justin Verlander was the star once again , holding the Mets to four hits in six innings . Since July 1 , he is 5 - 0 in seven starts with a 1.85 ERA . Verlander ( 12 - 6 ) allowed only two runs and struck out nine , but the Mets ran his pitch count up to 103 to force him out of the game . Three relievers finished , with Francisco Rodriguez pitching the ninth	True
Verlander ( 12 - 6 ) allowed only two runs and struck out nine , but the Mets ran his pitch count up to 103 to force him out of the game . Three relievers finished , with Francisco Rodriguez pitching the ninth for his 31st save . James Loney drove in a ninth-inning run with a groundout , and Rodriguez retired Kelly Johnson to end the game . Johnson homered in the fourth	True
Noah Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) also ran into pitch-count trouble , needing 112 to get through his six innings . He gave up four runs on seven hits and two walks , striking out seven . The Tigers took advantage of Syndergaard 's weakness holding runners in the first	True
Noah Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) also ran into pitch-count trouble , needing 112 to get through his six innings . He gave up four runs on seven hits and two walks , striking out seven . The Tigers took advantage of Syndergaard 's weakness holding runners in the first . Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second	False
Noah Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) also ran into pitch-count trouble , needing 112 to get through his six innings . He gave up four runs on seven hits and two walks , striking out seven . The Tigers took advantage of Syndergaard 's weakness holding runners in the first . Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and third	False
The Tigers took advantage of Syndergaard 's weakness holding runners in the first . Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and third and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's groundout . Opponents are 32 of 36 on steal attempts in Syndergaard 's 22 starts this season . Verlander was cruising until he walked Jay Bruce on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fourth	True
The Tigers took advantage of Syndergaard 's weakness holding runners in the first . Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and third and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's groundout . Opponents are 32 of 36 on steal attempts in Syndergaard 's 22 starts this season . Verlander was cruising until he walked Jay Bruce on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fourth . He retired Loney for the second	True
Colon ( 10 - 6 ) gave up six hits in 6 2/3 innings in earning his 228th victory , most among active players . The 43-year-old righty , who spent 2011 with the Yankees , became the first pitcher to win a Subway Series game for each New York team , the Elias Sports Bureau said . Colon struck out Brett Gardner to begin the first	True
Colon ( 10 - 6 ) gave up six hits in 6 2/3 innings in earning his 228th victory , most among active players . The 43-year-old righty , who spent 2011 with the Yankees , became the first pitcher to win a Subway Series game for each New York team , the Elias Sports Bureau said . Colon struck out Brett Gardner to begin the first and fanned no one else , and he walked none . Colon escaped a two - on , no-out jam in the second	True
Jerry Blevins took over for Colon and gave up an RBI single to Aaron Hicks . The reliever had stranded his previous 19 inherited runners . Addison Reed pitched a perfect eighth	True
Jerry Blevins took over for Colon and gave up an RBI single to Aaron Hicks . The reliever had stranded his previous 19 inherited runners . Addison Reed pitched a perfect eighth and Jeurys Familia worked around a pair of one - out singles for his 38th save in 40 chances , retiring Rob Refsnyder on a game-ending double-play grounder over the third-base bag . Kelly Johnson gloved the ball , stepped on the base and threw to first	False
Addison Reed pitched a perfect eighth and Jeurys Familia worked around a pair of one - out singles for his 38th save in 40 chances , retiring Rob Refsnyder on a game-ending double-play grounder over the third-base bag . Kelly Johnson gloved the ball , stepped on the base and threw to first . Johnson lined the first pitch from Nathan Eovaldi ( 9 - 8 ) in the fifth	True
The Mets outhomered the Yankees 8 - 2 in the four - game series , connecting twice each day . The Yankees lead their city rivals 62 - 46 in regular-season interleague play and beat them in the 2000 World Series . De Aza started in center field after the Mets put slugging outfielder Yoenis Cespedes on the disabled list and De Aza made the defensive play of the night . He raced into the right-center gap for a diving , backhanded catch to rob Didi Gregorius in the fourth	True
Holt 's RBI single in the 11th inning lifted Boston past the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Thursday night , a victory made possible by five scoreless innings by Red Sox relievers . Travis Shaw , who had a solo homer in the second	True
Holt 's RBI single in the 11th inning lifted Boston past the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Thursday night , a victory made possible by five scoreless innings by Red Sox relievers . Travis Shaw , who had a solo homer in the second , opened the 11th	True
Holt 's RBI single in the 11th inning lifted Boston past the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Thursday night , a victory made possible by five scoreless innings by Red Sox relievers . Travis Shaw , who had a solo homer in the second , opened the 11th against Cody Martin ( 1 - 2 ) with an opposite-field single to left against the shift . Sandy Leon sacrificed Shaw to second	False
O'Malley , playing short with regular Ketel Marte sidelined with mononucleosis , said he should have at least kept the ball from getting through . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) retired all four batters he faced -- including striking out the side in the 10th -- for the victory . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th	True
O'Malley , playing short with regular Ketel Marte sidelined with mononucleosis , said he should have at least kept the ball from getting through . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) retired all four batters he faced -- including striking out the side in the 10th -- for the victory . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his third save , stranding the tying run at third	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) retired all four batters he faced -- including striking out the side in the 10th -- for the victory . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his third save , stranding the tying run at third . The Mariners put two runners aboard in the ninth	True
The Mariners put two runners aboard in the ninth against Fernando Abad when Farrell opted for Kimbrel to face Robinson Cano , who hit a game-deciding three - run homer off Abad on Tuesday . Seattle tied it with two runs in the fifth inning . O'Malley hit the first pitch into the left-field seats for his first homer of the season and second	False
The Mariners put two runners aboard in the ninth against Fernando Abad when Farrell opted for Kimbrel to face Robinson Cano , who hit a game-deciding three - run homer off Abad on Tuesday . Seattle tied it with two runs in the fifth inning . O'Malley hit the first pitch into the left-field seats for his first homer of the season and second of his career . Guillermo Heredia followed with a bunt single and advanced to third	False
Seattle tied it with two runs in the fifth inning . O'Malley hit the first pitch into the left-field seats for his first homer of the season and second of his career . Guillermo Heredia followed with a bunt single and advanced to third on consecutive ground outs . After Nelson Cruz was walked intentionally , Dae-Ho Lee blooped an RBI single into shallow right-center . Shaw opened the second	True
Shaw opened the second with his 13th homer , driving a 2 - 0 pitch over the right-field wall to put Boston up 1 - 0 . The Red Sox made it 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
Seattle starter Ariel Miranda , acquired from Baltimore on July 31 for left-hander Wade Miley , allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings in his major league debut after being called up earlier in the day from Triple-A Tacoma . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first	True
The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first on singles by Xavier Bogaerts and David Ortiz and a walk to Dustin Pedroia , but Miranda escaped by striking out Jackie Bradley Jr. and getting Aaron Hill on a fly out to right . Seattle loaded the bases in the fourth	True
The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first on singles by Xavier Bogaerts and David Ortiz and a walk to Dustin Pedroia , but Miranda escaped by striking out Jackie Bradley Jr. and getting Aaron Hill on a fly out to right . Seattle loaded the bases in the fourth on three walks by Drew Pomerantz , but Leonys Martin bounced to first	False
Happ ( 15 - 3 ) , who already has set his career high for wins , retired 12 of his first 13 batters and allowed one run and four hits in six innings . He is 9 - 0 with a 2.49 ERA in 10 starts since losing at Detroit on June 6 . Happ struck out six and walked none , and Joaquin Benoit , Jason Grilli and Roberto Osuna completed the five - hitter . After walking rookie Alex Bregman leading off the ninth	True
Mike Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) gave up two runs and five hits in seven innings , walking none and tying his second high with seven strikeouts . Devon Travis doubled leading off the first inning for the first	False
On the previous pitch , Smoak took an 0 - 2 curveball on the low , outside corner and stepped toward the dugout thinking it was strike three , only to have plate umpire Todd Tichenor call the pitch a ball . Toronto doubled the lead in the fifth	True
On the previous pitch , Smoak took an 0 - 2 curveball on the low , outside corner and stepped toward the dugout thinking it was strike three , only to have plate umpire Todd Tichenor call the pitch a ball . Toronto doubled the lead in the fifth when Justin Smoak swung over a curveball in the dirt for strike three and the ball hit off Gattis and bounced away for a wild pitch that allowed Russell Martin to score from third	False
The Astros have lost eight of their last 10 games , getting outscored 47 - 21 . Travis singled in a run against Will Harris in the eighth	True
The Astros have lost eight of their last 10 games , getting outscored 47 - 21 . Travis singled in a run against Will Harris in the eighth , and Encarnacion connected against James Hoyt in the ninth	True
Last in the NL in batting average , the Mets acquired the All-Star outfielder from the Reds on Monday in an attempt to replicate the spark Yoenis Cespedes provided after he was obtained at last year 's trade deadline . Cespedes , who has n't started since Saturday because of an injured quadriceps , pinch-hit and had a run-scoring infield single in a four - run seventh	True
Cespedes , who has n't started since Saturday because of an injured quadriceps , pinch-hit and had a run-scoring infield single in a four - run seventh . He is expected to be the Mets ' designated hitter on Wednesday when the series switches to the Bronx . DeGrom ( 7 - 5 ) escaped a two - out jam in the first	True
Cespedes , who has n't started since Saturday because of an injured quadriceps , pinch-hit and had a run-scoring infield single in a four - run seventh . He is expected to be the Mets ' designated hitter on Wednesday when the series switches to the Bronx . DeGrom ( 7 - 5 ) escaped a two - out jam in the first by striking out Didi Gregorius , then got out of runners-at-the-corners trouble in the second	True
DeGrom ( 7 - 5 ) escaped a two - out jam in the first by striking out Didi Gregorius , then got out of runners-at-the-corners trouble in the second by fanning Tanaka , who had trouble picking up signs from Yankees third base coach Joe Espada . The 2014 NL Rookie of the Year gave up just two hits after that and wound up pitching four - hit ball with eight strikeouts and one walk . He retired 12 in a row before Mark Teixeira 's one - out double in the sixth	True
Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) lasted 6 1/3 innings and allowed eight hits and seven earned runs -- his most since coming to the major leagues in 2014 -- as his ERA rose to 3.46 . He left the mound before Yankees manager Joe Girardi arrived . De Aza hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) lasted 6 1/3 innings and allowed eight hits and seven earned runs -- his most since coming to the major leagues in 2014 -- as his ERA rose to 3.46 . He left the mound before Yankees manager Joe Girardi arrived . De Aza hit a two - run homer in the third and d'Arnaud added a solo drive in the fifth	True
SEATTLE -- Mariners second baseman Robinson Cano put a charge into Safeco Field in the eighth inning , and then reliever Edwin Diaz got to shut it all down for the first time . Cano hit a three - run homer to cap a five - run eighth	True
`` The fans ride the roller coaster with us . At times , we are tough to watch . I get it , '' he added . `` But you have to keep watching because our guys do n't quit and they believe something good is going to happen and tonight it did . '' On a night when AL East contenders Baltimore and Toronto both won , Boston lost ground as David Price could n't hold a four - run lead in the eighth	True
Just two months removed from Double-A , Edwin Diaz has been named the Mariners ' closer , replacing struggling Steve Cishek , manager Scott Servais announced Tuesday . The Mariners had three hits off Price through seven innings and trailed 4 - 0 . Then Mike Zunino opened the eighth	True
Matt Barnes struck out pinch-hitter Seth Smith . Abad came in and tried to get a curveball past Cano , who hit it 394 feet for a one - run lead . Diaz replaced struggling Steve Cishek as closer after Cishek blew a three - run lead in a loss Sunday night to the Cubs and allowed a go-ahead homer in the ninth	True
He also has 62 extra-base hits , tying Dave Winfield ( 1992 ) for most in a season for a 40-or-older player . Hanley Ramirez crushed a 454-foot home run off Wade LeBlanc in the third	True
He also has 62 extra-base hits , tying Dave Winfield ( 1992 ) for most in a season for a 40-or-older player . Hanley Ramirez crushed a 454-foot home run off Wade LeBlanc in the third . Aaron Hill had an RBI single in the same inning , scoring Jackie Bradley Jr. from second	False
Reds pitcher Homer Bailey questioned the team 's overall plan the day after Cincinnati traded Jay Bruce to the Mets . Brandon Moss and Tommy Pham hit solo homers in the eighth	True
Brandon Moss and Tommy Pham hit solo homers in the eighth for a 5 - 4 lead , but the Cardinals could n't hold on in a game that had four lead changes in the last three innings . Seung Hwan Oh ( 2 - 2 ) escaped a bases-loaded threat in the eighth	True
Brandon Moss and Tommy Pham hit solo homers in the eighth for a 5 - 4 lead , but the Cardinals could n't hold on in a game that had four lead changes in the last three innings . Seung Hwan Oh ( 2 - 2 ) escaped a bases-loaded threat in the eighth , but gave up a pair of singles to start the ninth	True
Seung Hwan Oh ( 2 - 2 ) escaped a bases-loaded threat in the eighth , but gave up a pair of singles to start the ninth . Schebler connected for his second homer of the season . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) fanned Oh with the bases loaded in the top of the ninth	False
Instead , their second-straight walk-off loss dropped them nine games behind the first-place Cubs . Moss and Peralta had doubles that accounted for a run in the sixth	True
Instead , their second-straight walk-off loss dropped them nine games behind the first-place Cubs . Moss and Peralta had doubles that accounted for a run in the sixth . Moss tied it with a leadoff homer against Blake Wood in the eighth	True
Instead , their second-straight walk-off loss dropped them nine games behind the first-place Cubs . Moss and Peralta had doubles that accounted for a run in the sixth . Moss tied it with a leadoff homer against Blake Wood in the eighth , part of his three - hit game . Pham followed with his first career pinch-hit homer , the fourth	False
Wainwright and Jedd Gyorko also had solo shots for St. Louis . Cincinnati played its first game since Bruce was dealt to the Mets . The right fielder and Adam Duvall were tied for the team lead with 25 homers at the time of the trade . Duvall moved from left field to Bruce 's old spot and hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Seattle is two games behind Baltimore and Toronto with three games to play . The Orioles defeated the Blue Jays 4 - 0 to pull even atop the wild-card race . Detroit , which was rained out against Cleveland , is a half-game ahead of the Mariners . Zunino , hitting .139 over his last 25 games , opened the seventh	True
Zunino , hitting .139 over his last 25 games , opened the seventh with his 12th home run , sending a 2 - 2 pitch from Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) deep over the wall in left . Seattle added a run in the eighth	True
Seattle added a run in the eighth on a two - out single by Leonys Martin , a walk to Zunino and Ketel Marte 's RBI single . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) came on to stifle an Oakland threat in the seventh	True
Seattle added a run in the eighth on a two - out single by Leonys Martin , a walk to Zunino and Ketel Marte 's RBI single . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) came on to stifle an Oakland threat in the seventh with an inning-ending double play and added a perfect eighth	True
Seattle added a run in the eighth on a two - out single by Leonys Martin , a walk to Zunino and Ketel Marte 's RBI single . Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) came on to stifle an Oakland threat in the seventh with an inning-ending double play and added a perfect eighth . Rookie Edwin Diaz notched his 18th save , despite allowing a run and three hits in the ninth	True
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) came on to stifle an Oakland threat in the seventh with an inning-ending double play and added a perfect eighth . Rookie Edwin Diaz notched his 18th save , despite allowing a run and three hits in the ninth . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) came on to stifle an Oakland threat in the seventh with an inning-ending double play and added a perfect eighth . Rookie Edwin Diaz notched his 18th save , despite allowing a run and three hits in the ninth . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on three consecutive singles before running themselves out of the inning . Kyle Seager reached on an infield single when Kendall Graveman could n't find the handle on his two - out dribbler along the first-base line . Adam Lind followed with a single to center . Martin singled through the right side , scoring Seager from second	False
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) came on to stifle an Oakland threat in the seventh with an inning-ending double play and added a perfect eighth . Rookie Edwin Diaz notched his 18th save , despite allowing a run and three hits in the ninth . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on three consecutive singles before running themselves out of the inning . Kyle Seager reached on an infield single when Kendall Graveman could n't find the handle on his two - out dribbler along the first-base line . Adam Lind followed with a single to center . Martin singled through the right side , scoring Seager from second . Martin continued for second	False
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on three consecutive singles before running themselves out of the inning . Kyle Seager reached on an infield single when Kendall Graveman could n't find the handle on his two - out dribbler along the first-base line . Adam Lind followed with a single to center . Martin singled through the right side , scoring Seager from second . Martin continued for second , but was caught in a rundown . Lind was thrown out at home trying to score on the play . Chad Pinder brought Oakland even in the sixth	True
Chad Pinder brought Oakland even in the sixth with his first career home run , a leadoff shot to left for the only run off starter Ariel Miranda . Oakland had runners on first	False
Chad Pinder brought Oakland even in the sixth with his first career home run , a leadoff shot to left for the only run off starter Ariel Miranda . Oakland had runners on first and third	False
Chad Pinder brought Oakland even in the sixth with his first career home run , a leadoff shot to left for the only run off starter Ariel Miranda . Oakland had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh	True
Chad Pinder brought Oakland even in the sixth with his first career home run , a leadoff shot to left for the only run off starter Ariel Miranda . Oakland had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but failed to score . Danny Valencia singled to open , but was forced at second	False
Chad Pinder brought Oakland even in the sixth with his first career home run , a leadoff shot to left for the only run off starter Ariel Miranda . Oakland had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but failed to score . Danny Valencia singled to open , but was forced at second on Brett Eibner 's fielder 's choice groundout to short . Yonder Alonso then singled Eibner to third	False
Philadelphia 's heading home in the other direction . The Phillies lost six of seven games on a road trip on which they were outscored 68 - 33 . Philadelphia starter Jeremy Hellickson , who entered 12 - 10 with a 3.78 ERA , left with a 1 - 0 lead after 3 1/3 innings because of a sprained right knee . He hurt himself running the bases as he scored in the third	True
Philadelphia starter Jeremy Hellickson , who entered 12 - 10 with a 3.78 ERA , left with a 1 - 0 lead after 3 1/3 innings because of a sprained right knee . He hurt himself running the bases as he scored in the third on Odubel Herrera 's soft hit to left field . Philly 's bullpen was fine until Gomez came on in the eighth	True
Philly 's bullpen was fine until Gomez came on in the eighth and gave up four earned runs , hitting a batter , walking two and allowing three hits in 1/3 of an inning . Atlanta tied the game in the sixth	True
Philly 's bullpen was fine until Gomez came on in the eighth and gave up four earned runs , hitting a batter , walking two and allowing three hits in 1/3 of an inning . Atlanta tied the game in the sixth on Swanson 's third home run , his first	False
Atlanta tied the game in the sixth on Swanson 's third home run , his first in Turner Field . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) became the first Braves rookie reliever since Mike Stanton in 1991 to record at least five wins and five saves ( 6 ) when he retired the only batter he faced in the top of the eighth	True
Atlanta tied the game in the sixth on Swanson 's third home run , his first in Turner Field . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) became the first Braves rookie reliever since Mike Stanton in 1991 to record at least five wins and five saves ( 6 ) when he retired the only batter he faced in the top of the eighth . He induced cleanup hitter Tommy Joseph to line out to left field with a runner at second	False
The game was twice delayed by weather for a total of 2 hours , 24 minutes . Atlanta overcame a 6 - 0 deficit to win for the eighth time in nine games and get its fifth straight victory over Philadelphia . Mallex Smith and pinch-hitter Emilio Bonifacio had RBI singles in the eighth	True
The Phillies jumped on starter Julio Teheran in the first inning when Ryan Howard hit the 15th grand slam of his career , most ever by a Philadelphia player . His 23 home runs in Turner Field are the most by a visiting player . Philadelphia added two runs in the second inning , and starter Jerad Eickhoff was cruising for the visitors . He retired the first 10 batters he faced before Freeman 's drive to right field made it 6 - 1 in the fourth	True
Neither starter returned after a 1-hour , 53-minute rain delay following the inning , however , and Philly 's bullpen struggled from there . Atlanta scored a pair of runs off Severino Gonzalez and two more off Luis Garcia in the sixth	True
Javier Baez hit a grand slam and drove in a career-high six runs while major league ERA leader Kyle Hendricks pitched six scoreless innings as the Cubs got win No . 100 by routing the Pittsburgh Pirates 12 - 2 on Monday night . Baez helped the National League Central-champion Cubs reach triple digits in victories for the first time since 1935 . He hit his second career grand slam in the fourth inning to extend Chicago 's lead to 5 - 0 and his two - run single capped a six - run sixth	True
Hendricks ' teammates were excited to see his ERA fall below 2.00 . Kris Bryant hit a two - run home run , his 39th , in the sixth	True
Why have the Padres dominated the Giants , who led the NL West by 6 1/2 games at the break ? Margot , called up Wednesday from Pacific Coast League champion El Paso , tripled to right center off Cory Gearrin ( 3 - 2 ) with one out in the seventh	True
Margot , called up Wednesday from Pacific Coast League champion El Paso , tripled to right center off Cory Gearrin ( 3 - 2 ) with one out in the seventh and scored on Myers ' single . Margot doubled in the first	True
Margot , called up Wednesday from Pacific Coast League champion El Paso , tripled to right center off Cory Gearrin ( 3 - 2 ) with one out in the seventh and scored on Myers ' single . Margot doubled in the first and hit an RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Morrow ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs for the victory . Brad Hand got the last five outs for his first save . San Francisco took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
It took a moment for Hedges to get the ball and he rushed his throw . Padres manager Andy Green came out to argue , to no avail . San Diego tied it on Adam Rosales ' home run with two outs in the third inning off Blach and Yangervis Solarte 's RBI single in the fifth	True
San Diego tied it on Adam Rosales ' home run with two outs in the third inning off Blach and Yangervis Solarte 's RBI single in the fifth off George Kontos . The Padres had taken a 1 - 0 lead when Margot singled in Hedges in the second	True
Baker had been out of the game for two years after being fired by the Cincinnati Reds following the 2013 season , four days after they lost to the Pirates in the NL wild card . Lopez ( 4 - 3 ) came on to the start the bottom of the fourth inning with a 6 - 1 lead and allowed three hits while striking out five and walking one . He was removed a runner on first	False
Joe Ross allowed one run and five hits over 2 2/3 innings in his second start since missing 2 1/2 months with right shoulder inflammation . Drew 's single came after Bryce Harper 's sacrifice fly . Harper also drove in a run with a grounder during a three - run fourth	True
Pittsburgh lost for the just the third time in 10 games but fell four games out of the second NL wild card with eight games remaining . Rookie Josh Bell homered in the third	True
Suarez ( 3 - 5 ) fell behind 3 - 0 before recording an out . Jon Jay hit a leadoff single , rookie Carlos Asuaje doubled for his first big league hit and Myers homered into the party deck just beyond the fence in right-center , his 28th . Buster Posey pulled the Giants to 3 - 2 with a two - run double off the wall in left-center with one out in the fifth	True
Buster Posey pulled the Giants to 3 - 2 with a two - run double off the wall in left-center with one out in the fifth . But Giants reliever Matt Reynolds came on to start the bottom of the fifth	True
Buster Posey pulled the Giants to 3 - 2 with a two - run double off the wall in left-center with one out in the fifth . But Giants reliever Matt Reynolds came on to start the bottom of the fifth and allowed four runs without getting an out . He allowed a leadoff single to Jay , a double to Asuaje and then intentionally walked Myers before walking Ryan Schimpt to bring in a run . He was chased by Alex Dickerson 's two - run single to right . George Kontos came on and got the first	False
Sean Rodriguez hit a home run and a two - run single , Andrew McCutchen went deep , rookie Chad Kuhl pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . The Pirates won their sixth straight at Miller Park , and sixth	False
The Pirates won their sixth straight at Miller Park , and sixth of seven overall to improve to 76 - 75 . Pittsburgh began the day 4 1/2 games behind San Francisco for the second NL wild card spot . The Pirates also have to hurdle the St. Louis Cardinals and Miami Marlins , too . Kuhl ( 5 - 3 ) pitched two - hit ball through the fourth	True
The Pirates won their sixth straight at Miller Park , and sixth of seven overall to improve to 76 - 75 . Pittsburgh began the day 4 1/2 games behind San Francisco for the second NL wild card spot . The Pirates also have to hurdle the St. Louis Cardinals and Miami Marlins , too . Kuhl ( 5 - 3 ) pitched two - hit ball through the fourth before the Brewers manufactured a run on Jonathan Villar 's two - out single in the fifth	True
Kuhl ( 5 - 3 ) pitched two - hit ball through the fourth before the Brewers manufactured a run on Jonathan Villar 's two - out single in the fifth . Kuhl struck out six and walked one in his second career start against the Brewers . In the sixth	True
The win was much better result than the last time he faced the Brewers . He took a no decision at Miller Park on Aug. 25 , throwing six shutout innings before Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a two - run homer with one out in the seventh	True
He took a no decision at Miller Park on Aug. 25 , throwing six shutout innings before Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a two - run homer with one out in the seventh . The Pirates ' bullpen silenced the Brewers bats the rest of the way . Juan Nicasio ( 7th ) and Felipe Rivero ( 8th ) set the stage for Tony Watson who converted his 15th save in 18 chances when he pitched the ninth	True
The Pirates ' bullpen silenced the Brewers bats the rest of the way . Juan Nicasio ( 7th ) and Felipe Rivero ( 8th ) set the stage for Tony Watson who converted his 15th save in 18 chances when he pitched the ninth . McCutchen helped the Pirates jump out to an early lead for the second consecutive game . He crushed a 2 - 2 pitch that just slipped by the left-field foul pole for his 24th home run . Tuesday , he hit a two - run double in the first	True
McCutchen helped the Pirates jump out to an early lead for the second consecutive game . He crushed a 2 - 2 pitch that just slipped by the left-field foul pole for his 24th home run . Tuesday , he hit a two - run double in the first . Rodriguez 's two - run single finished the scoring in the first	True
McCutchen helped the Pirates jump out to an early lead for the second consecutive game . He crushed a 2 - 2 pitch that just slipped by the left-field foul pole for his 24th home run . Tuesday , he hit a two - run double in the first . Rodriguez 's two - run single finished the scoring in the first off starter Jimmy Nelson ( 8 - 15 ) and extended his hitting streak to 10 games . Rodriguez hit his 18th home run of the season in the fourth	True
The Yankees moved within 2 1/2 games of Baltimore for the second AL wild-card spot . New York also would have to jump over Seattle , Houston and Detroit to earn a postseason berth . Sanchez homered in his fourth straight game . The catcher hit a three - run shot in a four - run second	True
The Yankees moved within 2 1/2 games of Baltimore for the second AL wild-card spot . New York also would have to jump over Seattle , Houston and Detroit to earn a postseason berth . Sanchez homered in his fourth straight game . The catcher hit a three - run shot in a four - run second off Alex Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) and added his 19th homer in 43 games this season on a solo drive in the sixth	True
Including two games last season , Sanchez became the first player in major league history to hit 19 homers in his first 45 games . Wally Berger , with the Boston Braves in 1930 , went deep 19 times in his first 51 games . Sanchez was hit on the left arm by a back swing in the ninth	True
Sanchez has eight shots in his last 12 games after a 10-game home-run drought . Tanaka ( 14 - 4 ) won his seventh straight decision . He was staked to a 7 - 0 lead entering the bottom of the third	True
Bobby Wilson led off with a home run . After Tanaka got two consecutive outs , Evan Longoria , Brad Miller and Corey Dickerson hit three consecutive shots . The four home runs in an inning set a Rays record . `` Probably it 's a first	True
Tanaka joined Zack Greinke , Collin McHugh and Justin Verlander as the only pitchers to give up four homers in an inning this season . He became the first Yankees pitcher to do it since Chase Wright on April 22 , 2007 , at Boston . Miller hit another solo shot in the eighth	True
The Cardinals , who had won four straight , entered the day tied with New York and San Francisco atop the NL wild-card standings . The Mets and Giants both played later . Arenado broke open the game in the second	True
The Cardinals had some early momentum when that standoff went their way just after the anthem . Here 's how it unfolded : Estevez and Martinez stood near their dugouts -- with their baseball cap over their heart -- and refused to back down until the other moved first	False
Here 's how it unfolded : Estevez and Martinez stood near their dugouts -- with their baseball cap over their heart -- and refused to back down until the other moved first . Estevez blinked first	False
The hard-throwing Marquez was acquired in January as part of the deal that sent outfielder Corey Dickerson to Tampa Bay . Marquez pitched a majority of the season for Double-A Hartford , where he was chosen as the pitcher of the year in the Eastern League . Marquez worked his way out of several dicey situations against the best road team in baseball . He allowed his only run in the second	True
Blair , a 24-year-old right-hander selected 36th overall in the 2013 amateur draft , went on the disabled list after an Aug. 28 loss because of a strained left knee , then worked on his mechanics during two injury rehabilitation starts in the minors . Braves pitching coach Roger McDowell wanted him to cut down on the turn in his rotation , to reach out farther with his pitching arm and to stay more upright . Activated to start against the Mets , Blair ( 1 - 6 ) did not allow a hit until the fourth	True
Blair was given the ball from the final out and received more than 50 text messages of congratulations . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five runs in 3 2/3 innings , and Atlanta fouled off 26 of his 99 pitches . He started to falter in a 35-pitch second	True
Blair was given the ball from the final out and received more than 50 text messages of congratulations . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five runs in 3 2/3 innings , and Atlanta fouled off 26 of his 99 pitches . He started to falter in a 35-pitch second that included consecutive walks and RBI singles by Swanson and Inciarte , the first	False
Blair was given the ball from the final out and received more than 50 text messages of congratulations . Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five runs in 3 2/3 innings , and Atlanta fouled off 26 of his 99 pitches . He started to falter in a 35-pitch second that included consecutive walks and RBI singles by Swanson and Inciarte , the first on a 99.9 mph fastball and the second	False
Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five runs in 3 2/3 innings , and Atlanta fouled off 26 of his 99 pitches . He started to falter in a 35-pitch second that included consecutive walks and RBI singles by Swanson and Inciarte , the first on a 99.9 mph fastball and the second on a slider . Freeman led off the third	True
Syndergaard ( 13 - 9 ) allowed five runs in 3 2/3 innings , and Atlanta fouled off 26 of his 99 pitches . He started to falter in a 35-pitch second that included consecutive walks and RBI singles by Swanson and Inciarte , the first on a 99.9 mph fastball and the second on a slider . Freeman led off the third with an opposite-field homer to left , extending his streaks for hits to 23 games and for reaching base to 39 . Freeman then reached down to slice an opposite-field , two - run double in the fourth	True
Jackie Bradley Jr. had a tying RBI single for the East-leading Red Sox , who overcame a rough start by Drew Pomeranz to post their ninth win in 12 games . Boston remained three games ahead of second-place Baltimore , which beat Tampa Bay 2 - 1 on Sunday . The Red Sox open a 10-game trip at Baltimore with the first	False
The Yankees were without second baseman Starlin Castro and center fielder Jacoby Ellsbury , who were both injured Saturday . Castro strained his right hamstring running out a double and Ellsbury bruised his right knee sliding into a bullpen wall trying to make a catch . The Red Sox overcame deficits three times in the series , including the opener , when they scored five in the ninth	True
The Red Sox overcame deficits three times in the series , including the opener , when they scored five in the ninth and Ramirez hit a game-ending three - run homer . This time , Ramirez hit a fly ball that soared over the Green Monster off Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 1 ) for a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only two batters he faced for his first major league victory . Koji Uehara got the final three outs for his seventh save . New York scored single runs in the first	True
Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only two batters he faced for his first major league victory . Koji Uehara got the final three outs for his seventh save . New York scored single runs in the first and third	True
Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only two batters he faced for his first major league victory . Koji Uehara got the final three outs for his seventh save . New York scored single runs in the first and third before chasing Pomeranz with two in the fourth	True
New York scored single runs in the first and third before chasing Pomeranz with two in the fourth . But the Red Sox sliced it to 4 - 3 when Ramirez hit a line drive off the base of a light stanchion above the Monster after CC Sabathia threw widely to first	False
Adonis Garcia drove in three runs , Wisler pitched five - plus innings and Atlanta beat the Washington Nationals 6 - 2 in a rain-shortened game Sunday . The game was official with two outs in the bottom of the seventh	True
Washington has dropped two straight and needs any combination of six Nationals wins and six New York Mets losses to earn its third NL East title in five years . After a 1-hour , 7-minute delay in the top of the sixth	True
Joe Ross ( 7 - 5 ) , reinstated from the disabled list after missing 66 games with right shoulder inflammation , took the loss . Ross , on a pitch count , allowed one run and six hits , one run and struck out five in three innings . It was his first start since July 2 . Ross trailed 1 - 0 in the second	True
Joe Ross ( 7 - 5 ) , reinstated from the disabled list after missing 66 games with right shoulder inflammation , took the loss . Ross , on a pitch count , allowed one run and six hits , one run and struck out five in three innings . It was his first start since July 2 . Ross trailed 1 - 0 in the second on Jace Peterson 's RBI single . He gave up three singles to begin the third	True
Ross trailed 1 - 0 in the second on Jace Peterson 's RBI single . He gave up three singles to begin the third , but retired the next three batters to escape the jam . Reynaldo Lopez took over in the fourth	False
Reynaldo Lopez took over in the fourth and trailed 3 - 0 on Dansby Swanson 's RBI double and Garcia 's RBI single . Washington made it 3 - 2 in the sixth	True
The Orioles have lost two of three to the Rays in a series that ends Sunday . Chris Tillman ( 16 - 6 ) had a one - hitter and a 2 - 1 lead after five innings , but he failed to get out of the sixth	True
Brad Miller followed with an infield hit and scored on a two - out double by Richie Shaffer . Tampa Bay added two unearned runs in the eighth	True
Longoria has homered in each of the three games and has a career-high 35 for the season . Matt Andriese ( 8 - 7 ) allowed two runs in 5 1/3 innings to win his second straight start after losing seven decisions in a row . Alex Colome worked the ninth	True
Baltimore got a first-inning run when Jones doubled and scored on a fly ball by Manny Machado . A sacrifice fly by Hyun Soo Kim made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore got a first-inning run when Jones doubled and scored on a fly ball by Manny Machado . A sacrifice fly by Hyun Soo Kim made it 2 - 0 in the third . Tampa Bay broke through in the fourth	True
They almost were , too . Kershaw gave up just one hit in a start twice interrupted by rain , and Justin Turner grounded an RBI double off Dellin Betances in a two - run ninth	True
Kershaw walked none in his first career start at Yankee Stadium and exited with a 1.81 ERA . He struck out three and has fanned 153 while walking just nine this season . There was a brief , 12-minute wait in the middle of the fourth	True
Kershaw walked none in his first career start at Yankee Stadium and exited with a 1.81 ERA . He struck out three and has fanned 153 while walking just nine this season . There was a brief , 12-minute wait in the middle of the fourth . Kershaw kept loose by throwing underneath the stands during a 48-minute stoppage before the bottom of the fifth	True
Los Angeles threw its major league-leading 15th shutout and won two of three in an interleague series between old October rivals . It was scoreless when Betances ( 3 - 5 ) took over to begin the ninth	True
Los Angeles threw its major league-leading 15th shutout and won two of three in an interleague series between old October rivals . It was scoreless when Betances ( 3 - 5 ) took over to begin the ninth . Corey Seager led off with a liner that got under Castro 's glove for an error , stole second	False
It was scoreless when Betances ( 3 - 5 ) took over to begin the ninth . Corey Seager led off with a liner that got under Castro 's glove for an error , stole second and scored when Turner grounded a double down the third base line . Turner moved to third	False
Straily pitched a career-high eight innings and the Reds took advantage of some sloppy Milwaukee fielding for their fifth straight win . Adam Duvall put the Reds ahead for good in the third	True
Straily pitched a career-high eight innings and the Reds took advantage of some sloppy Milwaukee fielding for their fifth straight win . Adam Duvall put the Reds ahead for good in the third with the first	False
Manager Bryan Price has learned that there 's method in what looks like Straily 's madness . Tony Cingrani pitched the ninth	True
Manager Bryan Price has learned that there 's method in what looks like Straily 's madness . Tony Cingrani pitched the ninth , allowing Chris Carter 's 34th homer , a two - run shot . Carter just missed hitting a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Joey Votto 's solo home run in the first inning was his 24th of the season . He has 28 homers and 91 RBI against the Brewers in his career , his top totals versus one opponent . Milwaukee , which went into the game with the major leagues ' worst fielding percentage , committed errors on Cincinnati 's first two batters of the third	True
Brandon Phillips then hit a fly ball to right-center field that Kirk Niewenhuis caught while being jostled by Broxton , the center fielder . Votto scored on the sacrifice fly , but Duvall was thrown out at the plate trying to take advantage of the mini-collision and score from second	False
The Mets pulled within nine games of Washington in the NL East and remained a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race . New York has won eight of its last 10 and is 17 - 6 since Aug. 20 , gaining 3 1/2 games on Washington in that stretch . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) earned the victory despite surrendering two runs in the ninth	True
Rivera , who won the Pacific Coast League batting title this season and entered the night with 41 career at-bats in the majors , probably would not have played if Wilmer Flores was n't dealing with a stiff neck . Manager Terry Collins gave Rivera the start , and the move paid off even before the home run . Rivera had an RBI single in the third	True
Rivera , who won the Pacific Coast League batting title this season and entered the night with 41 career at-bats in the majors , probably would not have played if Wilmer Flores was n't dealing with a stiff neck . Manager Terry Collins gave Rivera the start , and the move paid off even before the home run . Rivera had an RBI single in the third and a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Rivera had an RBI single in the third and a sacrifice fly in the fifth , then took Melancon ( 2 - 2 ) deep after the Nationals rallied to force extra innings . Washington mustered only four hits in the first eight innings , but quickly got to Familia in the ninth	False
Washington mustered only four hits in the first eight innings , but quickly got to Familia in the ninth . Murphy led off with an infield single , and third baseman Jose Reyes threw Bryce Harper 's grounder into the seats . Anthony Rendon and Wilson Ramos then delivered consecutive singles to tie it . Familia then got Ryan Zimmerman to line out and pinch-hitter Clint Robinson to hit a soft liner to second	False
Washington mustered only four hits in the first eight innings , but quickly got to Familia in the ninth . Murphy led off with an infield single , and third baseman Jose Reyes threw Bryce Harper 's grounder into the seats . Anthony Rendon and Wilson Ramos then delivered consecutive singles to tie it . Familia then got Ryan Zimmerman to line out and pinch-hitter Clint Robinson to hit a soft liner to second that fooled pinch-runner Wilmer Difo , who was doubled off first	False
The Indians ' bats , though , could n't solve Minnesota 's own pitching staff and it cost them a chance to add to their AL Central lead . Joe Mauer 's single off Joe Colon ( 1 - 2 ) scored Brian Dozier from second	False
Up to that point , the Twins had threatened a few times but could n't push anything across the plate against Terry Francona 's carousel of relievers . J. T. Chargois ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
The homer , Napoli 's 32nd , was estimated by the Twins at 456 feet . That followed Byron Buxton 's two - out , two - run homer that tied the game against Salazar in the fourth	True
Salazar has not won in seven starts since July 19 . One of the four runs the right-hander allowed was unearned due to a fielding error by second baseman Jason Kipnis on the speedy Buxton 's bouncer , but his ERA after the All-Star break is still 7.44 . Joe Colon ( 1 - 1 ) completed the fifth inning for the victory and Cody Allen finished the ninth	True
Schimpf , a rookie second baseman , hit his 18th home run of the season , all coming since July 1 . Keith Hessler and Brandon Morrow pitched the final two innings . Cristhian Adames spoiled the shutout with a one - out homer in the ninth	True
Keith Hessler and Brandon Morrow pitched the final two innings . Cristhian Adames spoiled the shutout with a one - out homer in the ninth off Morrow . Every position player in the Padres ' starting lineup had a hit . Travis Jankowski , Yangervis Solarte , Alex Dickerson and Schimpf had two each . Derek Norris added a two - run homer in the eighth	True
` I think it 's just a matter of command and getting in tough counts , '' Rockies manager Walt Weiss said . San Diego tacked on three runs in the fifth	True
San Diego tacked on three runs in the fifth on Richard 's RBI groundout after German Marquez walked the bases loaded in his major league debut . Jankowski added a two - run single . The Padres dinged Hoffman with a seven - run third	True
San Diego had a little help from Adames as all the runs were unearned . With Luis Sardinas at third	False
Play was allowed to continue and all three runners -- Francisco Lindor , Mike Napoli and Jose Ramirez -- crossed the plate . Hinch protested the ruling and was ejected by Joyce . After a video review , Lindor and Napoli were allowed to score and Ramirez was placed at second	False
Joyce explained he called time because he was discussing the play with Castro and wanted to stop the action on the field . In game interrupted by a 55-minute rain delay in the middle of the sixth	True
Cleveland split the four - game series , opened a six - game lead over second-place Detroit in the AL Central and finished 8 - 2 on its homestand . Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings . Cody Allen , Cleveland 's fifth reliever , struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Cleveland split the four - game series , opened a six - game lead over second-place Detroit in the AL Central and finished 8 - 2 on its homestand . Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings . Cody Allen , Cleveland 's fifth reliever , struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 29 chances and second	False
Colon pitched six innings of five - hit ball and Matt Reynolds homered to the lead the Mets to a 5 - 0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday . Colon ( 13 - 7 ) improved to 4 - 1 with a 2.25 ERA in his last seven starts . The Reds put a runner on third	False
The 23-year-old Stephenson ( 2 - 1 ) , who beat Philadelphia and Colorado in a pair of spot starts in April , said feels less pressure in the majors than he did in the minor leagues . Reynolds , recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas before the game , hit his third homer of the season with one out in the third inning . He also had an RBI single in New York 's three - run seventh	True
Reynolds checked into the Mets ' Cincinnati hotel at 9:15 Monday morning after flying all night from Salt Lake City . Johnson led off the fifth	True
Ryan Weber ( 1 - 1 ) lost in his first start of the season for Atlanta . Weber allowed five runs in three innings as the Braves had a six - game winning streak snapped . Washington created problems for Weber the second time he went through the order . Turner smacked a two - run homer to left with an out in the third	True
Washington created problems for Weber the second time he went through the order . Turner smacked a two - run homer to left with an out in the third to give the Nationals the lead . Weber put the next two men on and , after a pop out , Heisey blasted his ninth home run to left to make it 5 - 1 . Turner , who finished a triple shy of the cycle , added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Turner , who finished a triple shy of the cycle , added an RBI single in the fourth . Atlanta scored twice in the ninth	False
Turner , who finished a triple shy of the cycle , added an RBI single in the fourth . Atlanta scored twice in the ninth off closer Mark Melancon to pull within 6 - 4 , but the right-hander ended the threat by getting catcher Anthony Recker to fly out with a man on first	False
Zack Cozart hit a pair of doubles during run-scoring innings that included St. Louis misplays , and Hamilton 's catch-and-throw wiped out a Cardinals rally in the early going . With runners on first	False
Zack Cozart hit a pair of doubles during run-scoring innings that included St. Louis misplays , and Hamilton 's catch-and-throw wiped out a Cardinals rally in the early going . With runners on first and second	False
Zack Cozart hit a pair of doubles during run-scoring innings that included St. Louis misplays , and Hamilton 's catch-and-throw wiped out a Cardinals rally in the early going . With runners on first and second , Hamilton caught up with Alberto Rosario 's fly to the warning track , smacked into the wall after making the catch , and threw back to the infield to double up a surprised Greg Garcia at first base to end the fourth	True
With runners on first and second , Hamilton caught up with Alberto Rosario 's fly to the warning track , smacked into the wall after making the catch , and threw back to the infield to double up a surprised Greg Garcia at first base to end the fourth . Pinch hitter Ramon Cabrera 's two - run single in the seventh inning put the Reds ahead 4 - 1 . Cincinnati used four walks by Jerome Williams to score five times in the eighth	True
Cincinnati used a couple of Cardinals miscues to squeeze out two runs against Jaime Garcia ( 10 - 11 ) . The lefty had allowed at least five runs in each of his last three starts . Right fielder Stephen Piscotty lost track of Tyler Holt 's fly ball in the third	True
Right fielder Stephen Piscotty lost track of Tyler Holt 's fly ball in the third , letting it fall for a double . Holt scored on Cozart 's two - out double . Another double by Cozart helped the Reds load the bases in the fifth	True
The Boston bats sure are doing their thing , too . Porcello did n't allow a baserunner until Jake Smolinski 's one - out double in the sixth	True
Porcello did n't allow a baserunner until Jake Smolinski 's one - out double in the sixth on the way to his majors-leading 19th victory , and the Boston Red Sox routed the Oakland Athletics yet again with an 11 - 2 victory Saturday night . The ace right-hander also became the first Red Sox pitcher with 19 wins in his first 22 decisions . David Ortiz hit a two - run double to highlight Boston 's seven - run third	True
Yoan Moncada had a run-scoring double in the inning for his first career hit and RBI -- and got the ball as a souvenir . He earned his first start a day after the star Cuban prospect made his major league debut in a 16 - 2 win . Hanley Ramirez added a home run in the third	True
Yoan Moncada had a run-scoring double in the inning for his first career hit and RBI -- and got the ball as a souvenir . He earned his first start a day after the star Cuban prospect made his major league debut in a 16 - 2 win . Hanley Ramirez added a home run in the third , his fourth	False
Porcello ( 19 - 3 ) gave up four hits and two runs in seven innings , struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Boston improved to 21 - 7 in Porcello 's starts and 13 - 2 in his last 15 . The Red Sox scored 11 or more runs against the A 's in their fifth straight , a night after matching their season high with 16 runs . Mookie Betts hit a two - run double in the first following Ortiz 's first double that moved Dustin Pedroia to third	False
Not even in their regular-season finale . Josh Tomlin ( 13 - 9 ) dueled with the Royals ' Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) into the eighth	True
Josh Tomlin ( 13 - 9 ) dueled with the Royals ' Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) into the eighth before finally pulling ahead . Carlos Santana drew a walk off Kennedy to start the inning , Jason Kipnis followed with a double and Frnacisco Lindor hit a fly ball deep enough to right field for the lead . Tomlin got the first batter in the eighth	False
Josh Tomlin ( 13 - 9 ) dueled with the Royals ' Ian Kennedy ( 11 - 11 ) into the eighth before finally pulling ahead . Carlos Santana drew a walk off Kennedy to start the inning , Jason Kipnis followed with a double and Frnacisco Lindor hit a fly ball deep enough to right field for the lead . Tomlin got the first batter in the eighth before Andrew Miller finished it up , and Cody Allen handled the ninth	True
They fell into a 1 - 0 hole when Jarrod Dyson and Whit Merrifield opened the game with doubles off Tomlin , the expected Game 3 starter in the divisional series , but the lead did n't even last the two innings . The Indians answered in the third	True
He finished April with seven homers and 25 RBI . Torii Hunter was the last Twin with more than seven homers in April with nine in 2002 . Sano connected in the third	True
He finished April with seven homers and 25 RBI . Torii Hunter was the last Twin with more than seven homers in April with nine in 2002 . Sano connected in the third after Jason Hammel ( 0 - 3 ) walked Byron Buxton and Max Kepler . He added run-producing singles in the fourth	True
Minnesota right-hander Phil Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) got the win despite allowing 10 hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler yielded Whit Merrifield 's two - out homer in the ninth	True
Brandon Kintzler yielded Whit Merrifield 's two - out homer in the ninth before finishing for his seventh save . Cain went deep for the Royals , belting a solo shot in the fifth	True
Cain went deep for the Royals , belting a solo shot in the fifth for his first homer since Aug. 16 . Salvador Perez went 3 for 4 with two doubles , a RBI and two runs scored . The Royals ' 12 hits were a season high . Kansas City jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Kansas City jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Perez doubled in Eric Hosmer and scored on Brandon Moss 's two - out single . But Sano 's seventh homer put Minnesota ahead to stay , and Kepler had a run-scoring fielder 's choice in the Twins ' two - run fourth	True
But Sano 's seventh homer put Minnesota ahead to stay , and Kepler had a run-scoring fielder 's choice in the Twins ' two - run fourth . Eddie Rosario 's fourth-inning single extended his hitting streak to a career-high 11 games . Jorge Polanco drove in Minnesota 's last run with an infield hit with two out in the ninth	True
Eddie Rosario 's fourth-inning single extended his hitting streak to a career-high 11 games . Jorge Polanco drove in Minnesota 's last run with an infield hit with two out in the ninth . Hammel failed to get out of the fourth	True
Salazar got off to a rocky start , then combined with two Cleveland relievers to hold the Mariners hitless over the final eight innings and give the Indians a 4 - 3 win . Salazar ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a double to Robinson Cano in the first	True
Said Indians manager Terry Francona : `` He started missing bats . '' Salazar struck out six in 6 1/3 innings . Andrew Miller struck out four in 1 2/3 innings and Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Seattle manager Scott Servais handed the credit to Cleveland 's pitching after watching his team get shut down . Jose Ramirez and Lonnie Chisenhall each had two RBI in Cleveland 's four - run first	True
Gallardo gave the lead back almost immediately . He walked the bases loaded before Ramirez 's hit landed near the right field line . Jason Kipnis struck out , but Chisenhall singled up the middle . Gallardo allowed three hits , walked three and threw 38 pitches in the first	True
Gallardo allowed three hits , walked three and threw 38 pitches in the first . Salazar walked Guillermo Heredia with one out in the seventh	True
Salazar walked Guillermo Heredia with one out in the seventh . Miller walked pinch hitter Carlos Ruiz , but struck out Taylor Motter and Jean Segura . Miller struck out two in the eighth	False
Salazar walked Guillermo Heredia with one out in the seventh . Miller walked pinch hitter Carlos Ruiz , but struck out Taylor Motter and Jean Segura . Miller struck out two in the eighth while Allen fanned two in the ninth	False
He retired 11 in a row at one point in handing Miami its fourth straight loss . Nova continued his impressive start to the season , which includes walking just one batter over 27 innings as he lowered his ERA to 1.50 while tossing his second complete game and the eighth	False
John Jaso homered and drove in two runs , Jordy Mercer knocked in a run , and Gregory Polanco had two doubles for the Pirates , who have won three straight . Dan Straily ( 1 - 2 ) nearly matched Nova through five innings allowing only one run before running into trouble in the sixth	True
Straily allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five after a 14-strikeout performance in his last start at San Diego . Jaso 's home run in the ninth	True
Straily allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out five after a 14-strikeout performance in his last start at San Diego . Jaso 's home run in the ninth , his first	False
Polanco doubled down the left-field line to lead off the second inning . Mercer drove in Polanco with a two - out single up the middle for the early lead . Pittsburgh third baseman Josh Harrison made an impressive diving catch midway up the third-base line on a bunt attempt by Dee Gordon in the sixth	True
Pittsburgh third baseman Josh Harrison made an impressive diving catch midway up the third-base line on a bunt attempt by Dee Gordon in the sixth . Harrison also made another impressive defensive play in the eighth	True
McCUTCHEN EXTENDS ON-BASE STREAK Pittsburgh 's Andrew McCutchen reached base with a walk in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano and Ben Gamel homered off Carlos Carrasco ( 2 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs in eight innings . Miranda did n't give up a hit until Jose Ramirez 's one - out homer in the fourth	True
Miranda did n't give up a hit until Jose Ramirez 's one - out homer in the fourth . The left-hander was making his first career appearance against the Indians . Pazos struck out the first four hitters he faced before Diaz struck out Edwin Encarnacion with a runner on to end the eighth	True
Miranda did n't give up a hit until Jose Ramirez 's one - out homer in the fourth . The left-hander was making his first career appearance against the Indians . Pazos struck out the first four hitters he faced before Diaz struck out Edwin Encarnacion with a runner on to end the eighth . Seattle 's closer , working for the third straight day , struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Pazos struck out the first four hitters he faced before Diaz struck out Edwin Encarnacion with a runner on to end the eighth . Seattle 's closer , working for the third straight day , struck out two in a perfect ninth . Cano hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Pazos struck out the first four hitters he faced before Diaz struck out Edwin Encarnacion with a runner on to end the eighth . Seattle 's closer , working for the third straight day , struck out two in a perfect ninth . Cano hit a two - run homer in the fourth . Gamel added a solo shot in the sixth	False
Seattle won its third straight despite the absence of Nelson Cruz , who was scratched because of a tight hamstring . The Mariners cleanup hitter leads the AL with 19 RBI . Miranda walked two in the first	True
Seattle won its third straight despite the absence of Nelson Cruz , who was scratched because of a tight hamstring . The Mariners cleanup hitter leads the AL with 19 RBI . Miranda walked two in the first and pitched around a two - out fielding error by third baseman Kyle Seager in the second	True
Seattle won its third straight despite the absence of Nelson Cruz , who was scratched because of a tight hamstring . The Mariners cleanup hitter leads the AL with 19 RBI . Miranda walked two in the first and pitched around a two - out fielding error by third baseman Kyle Seager in the second . Ramirez 's long fly toward the bleachers in the fourth	True
Miranda walked two in the first and pitched around a two - out fielding error by third baseman Kyle Seager in the second . Ramirez 's long fly toward the bleachers in the fourth was ruled a double , but the call was reversed after a review . Carrasco retired nine in a row after allowing a double to start the game . Gamel led off the fourth	True
Tanaka retired the last 14 batters he faced and only allowed one runner to reach second base as the Yankees earned their fifth straight victory over the rival Red Sox . Aaron Hicks had two hits and scored twice , and Matt Holliday had two hits and two RBI . Sale ( 1 - 2 ) nearly matched Tanaka most of the way , allowing only one unearned run over the first eight innings before giving up three straight singles to start the ninth	True
Hernandez could miss some time , and his injury is another setback for Houston 's outfield . George Springer ( strained left hamstring ) did n't start for the second straight game but came in after the collision , and Jake Marisnick ( concussion ) is out . Keuchel ( 4 - 0 ) gave up solo homers to Austin Jackson in the third	True
Hernandez could miss some time , and his injury is another setback for Houston 's outfield . George Springer ( strained left hamstring ) did n't start for the second straight game but came in after the collision , and Jake Marisnick ( concussion ) is out . Keuchel ( 4 - 0 ) gave up solo homers to Austin Jackson in the third and Michael Brantley in the ninth	False
Keuchel ( 4 - 0 ) gave up solo homers to Austin Jackson in the third and Michael Brantley in the ninth . The left-hander , who won the AL Cy Young Award in 2015 , held Cleveland to six hits and has a 1.22 ERA . Josh Reddick gave Houston a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the fifth	True
Houston is 10 - 2 since April 11 and leads the AL West at 14 - 6 . Brantley started the ninth	True
Jackson hit his first home run since Oct. 1 , 2015 , while playing for the Cubs against Cincinnati . Reddick tracked Kipnis ' towering drive to dead-center in the fifth	True
Reddick tracked Kipnis ' towering drive to dead-center in the fifth and pulled it back in the park with a leaping grab . Keuchel let out a yell as Kipnis held his helmet in frustration as he rounded first base . Houston began the fifth	True
Kershaw struck out seven over seven innings in another impressive performance in San Francisco 's home ballpark , and Los Angeles beat the Giants 2 - 1 Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak against its rival . Buster Posey extended his hitting streak to 11 games with an RBI single in the third	True
Kershaw struck out seven over seven innings in another impressive performance in San Francisco 's home ballpark , and Los Angeles beat the Giants 2 - 1 Tuesday night to end a four - game losing streak against its rival . Buster Posey extended his hitting streak to 11 games with an RBI single in the third that put the Giants ahead , but then Yasiel Puig singled in a run in the fourth	True
Lefty Ty Blach ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings making his first start in place of injured Madison Bumgarner . The ace southpaw bruised his ribs and sprained the AC joint in his pitching shoulder in a dirt bike accident last Thursday during a day off in Colorado . Crawford grabbed his right groin immediately after rounding first	True
Lefty Ty Blach ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits in five innings making his first start in place of injured Madison Bumgarner . The ace southpaw bruised his ribs and sprained the AC joint in his pitching shoulder in a dirt bike accident last Thursday during a day off in Colorado . Crawford grabbed his right groin immediately after rounding first when he followed Posey 's two - out single in the eighth	True
Crawford grabbed his right groin immediately after rounding first when he followed Posey 's two - out single in the eighth with a base hit off Kenley Jansen . The shortstop was looked at by athletic trainer Dave Groeschner then came out of the game . Pinch-hitter Brandon Belt then struck out to strand Posey on third	False
Crawford is likely to have an MRI exam before he leaves Wednesday to attend the funeral of his sister-in-law , who recently died of an asthma attack . He is expected to be placed on the bereavement list and miss three games . In the ninth	True
In the ninth , Cody Bellinger beat out an infield single in his major league debut after being called up by the Dodgers to start in left field . A day after San Francisco promoted top prospect Christian Arroyo to play third base , the Dodgers brought up their top prospect from the same 2013 draft class . Arroyo also got his first major league hit -- and a lengthy standing ovation -- on a single in the first	True
Arroyo also got his first major league hit -- and a lengthy standing ovation -- on a single in the first after going 0 for 4 with three groundouts and a strikeout in his debut a day earlier after being called up from Triple-A Sacramento . Kershaw ( 4 - 1 ) allowed six hits and one run , walking one as he improved to 11 - 4 in 19 outings and 18 starts in San Francisco 's waterfront ballpark . Jansen finished for his fifth save and the 15th	False
Nova ( 2 - 2 ) holds no ill will over his departure , saying simply `` it 's business . '' If anything , he 's found a comfort zone with the Pirates that eluded him in New York . Nova improved to 7 - 4 with a 2.76 ERA since arriving in Pittsburgh . Nova struck out a season-high seven and walked just one . His lone mistake came on a solo home run by Jacoby Ellsbury in the seventh	True
New York manager Joe Girardi shook his head when asked if the Yankees had any seller 's remorse over letting Nova go . The Yankees nearly spoiled Nova 's shot at redemption . They put the tying run at third	False
New York manager Joe Girardi shook his head when asked if the Yankees had any seller 's remorse over letting Nova go . The Yankees nearly spoiled Nova 's shot at redemption . They put the tying run at third in the eighth	True
New York manager Joe Girardi shook his head when asked if the Yankees had any seller 's remorse over letting Nova go . The Yankees nearly spoiled Nova 's shot at redemption . They put the tying run at third in the eighth but Pittsburgh reliever Daniel Hudson struck out Starlin Castro in a nine - pitch at bat . New York loaded the bases with one out against Pirates closer Tony Watson in the ninth	True
That number doubled when Carter sent an 86 mph changeup from Rivero ( 1 - 1 ) beyond the center-field fence to put New York up to stay . Starlin Castro added a three - run shot of his own and Aaron Judge hit his team-high sixth home run for New York , a 457-foot blast in the ninth	True
Starlin Castro added a three - run shot of his own and Aaron Judge hit his team-high sixth home run for New York , a 457-foot blast in the ninth . Ronald Torreyes had four hits and two RBI . Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win in relief , stranding a runner at third	False
Starlin Castro added a three - run shot of his own and Aaron Judge hit his team-high sixth home run for New York , a 457-foot blast in the ninth . Ronald Torreyes had four hits and two RBI . Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win in relief , stranding a runner at third in the seventh	True
Starlin Castro added a three - run shot of his own and Aaron Judge hit his team-high sixth home run for New York , a 457-foot blast in the ninth . Ronald Torreyes had four hits and two RBI . Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win in relief , stranding a runner at third in the seventh to preserve a tie before New York took advantage of some sloppy Pittsburgh defense in the eighth	True
All five runs were unearned . The Pirates have allowed a major league-high 15 unearned runs this season . The late surge seemed unlikely early as New York struggled to get anything going against Pittsburgh starter Jameson Taillon . The 24-year-old who has shown ace stuff at the start of his second season held New York without a hit until consecutive two - out singles in the fifth	True
All five runs were unearned . The Pirates have allowed a major league-high 15 unearned runs this season . The late surge seemed unlikely early as New York struggled to get anything going against Pittsburgh starter Jameson Taillon . The 24-year-old who has shown ace stuff at the start of his second season held New York without a hit until consecutive two - out singles in the fifth but came undone in the sixth	True
The late surge seemed unlikely early as New York struggled to get anything going against Pittsburgh starter Jameson Taillon . The 24-year-old who has shown ace stuff at the start of his second season held New York without a hit until consecutive two - out singles in the fifth but came undone in the sixth , leaving after giving up the home run to Castro and a double to Judge . Taillon allowed a season-high four runs ( one more than he 'd given up in his first three starts combined ) over 5 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking three as his ERA rose from 0.90 to 2.13 . New York starter Michael Pineda escaped with a no-decision despite giving up multiple home runs on the road for the first time in 43 starts . McCutchen went deep off him in the first	True
The late surge seemed unlikely early as New York struggled to get anything going against Pittsburgh starter Jameson Taillon . The 24-year-old who has shown ace stuff at the start of his second season held New York without a hit until consecutive two - out singles in the fifth but came undone in the sixth , leaving after giving up the home run to Castro and a double to Judge . Taillon allowed a season-high four runs ( one more than he 'd given up in his first three starts combined ) over 5 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking three as his ERA rose from 0.90 to 2.13 . New York starter Michael Pineda escaped with a no-decision despite giving up multiple home runs on the road for the first time in 43 starts . McCutchen went deep off him in the first and Freese reached the seats in right-center in the third	True
The late surge seemed unlikely early as New York struggled to get anything going against Pittsburgh starter Jameson Taillon . The 24-year-old who has shown ace stuff at the start of his second season held New York without a hit until consecutive two - out singles in the fifth but came undone in the sixth , leaving after giving up the home run to Castro and a double to Judge . Taillon allowed a season-high four runs ( one more than he 'd given up in his first three starts combined ) over 5 1/3 innings , striking out four and walking three as his ERA rose from 0.90 to 2.13 . New York starter Michael Pineda escaped with a no-decision despite giving up multiple home runs on the road for the first time in 43 starts . McCutchen went deep off him in the first and Freese reached the seats in right-center in the third . Pineda was pulled in favor of a pinch hitter during New York 's extended rally in the sixth	True
Paul Goldschmidt , Yasmany Tomas and Chris Iannetta each drove in two in a nine - run inning and the Diamondbacks routed the Dodgers 13 - 5 . Chris Taylor 's pinch-hit home run had put the Dodgers up 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks had managed a total of one run in their previous two games , losses at San Diego . Luis Avilan walked in the tying run in the eighth	True
Taylor 's homer was the first run allowed this season by Archie Bradley ( 1 - 0 ) , who went two innings to get the victory . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the first	True
Joc Pederson singled sharply up the middle and Seager followed with a shot over the porch and onto the walkway beyond the wall in left center . Arizona cut the lead in half quickly , with Pollock hitting his first career leadoff home run . The Diamondbacks tied it on consecutive doubles by Pollock and Chris Owings in the third	True
Kluber entered with a 6.38 ERA over three starts this season , hampered mostly by allowing five homers in 18 1/3 innings . Cleveland had just six hits , but found enough offense to win its fourth straight . Austin Jackson doubled and scored on a wild pitch in the third	True
Kluber entered with a 6.38 ERA over three starts this season , hampered mostly by allowing five homers in 18 1/3 innings . Cleveland had just six hits , but found enough offense to win its fourth straight . Austin Jackson doubled and scored on a wild pitch in the third , and Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer in the fourth -- his first	False
The middle of Chicago 's order had no answer for Kluber . The Nos . 3 through 7 hitters went 0 for 15 , and Avisail Garcia failed to reach base for the first time this season . Garcia entered the game leading the majors with a .423 batting average , and he ranked second	False
Brandon Maurer worked the ninth inning for his second save as the Padres snapped a five - game losing streak . A. J. Pollack singled in the ninth	True
Brandon Maurer worked the ninth inning for his second save as the Padres snapped a five - game losing streak . A. J. Pollack singled in the ninth , stole second	False
Brandon Maurer worked the ninth inning for his second save as the Padres snapped a five - game losing streak . A. J. Pollack singled in the ninth , stole second and reached third	False
The Padres pinned a loss on Greinke for only the second time in 10 career decisions against them . Grienke , leaning on his slider , started the game by retiring the first eight batters he faced and nine of the opening 10 . He allowed a two - out single to Chacin in the third	True
The Padres pinned a loss on Greinke for only the second time in 10 career decisions against them . Grienke , leaning on his slider , started the game by retiring the first eight batters he faced and nine of the opening 10 . He allowed a two - out single to Chacin in the third , but he was stranded . After Wil Myers singled in the fourth	True
Third baseman Lamb 's error on a one - out Chacin grounder in the sixth opened a small crack for the Padres . But Greinke easily put away Travis Jankowski and Allen Cordoba . Solarte drew Grenike 's only walk in the seventh	True
Solarte drew Grenike 's only walk in the seventh with one out , but never advanced . Chacin , who got knocked around in his last outing , turned in a performance reminiscent of two starts back when he threw 6 2/3 innings of two - hit , scoreless ball again the San Francisco Giants . Like Greinke , Chacin was using his slider to keep the Diamondbacks at bay . His innings were n't quite as clean as Greinke as he allowed a walk in the first	True
Solarte drew Grenike 's only walk in the seventh with one out , but never advanced . Chacin , who got knocked around in his last outing , turned in a performance reminiscent of two starts back when he threw 6 2/3 innings of two - hit , scoreless ball again the San Francisco Giants . Like Greinke , Chacin was using his slider to keep the Diamondbacks at bay . His innings were n't quite as clean as Greinke as he allowed a walk in the first , a single in the second	True
Solarte drew Grenike 's only walk in the seventh with one out , but never advanced . Chacin , who got knocked around in his last outing , turned in a performance reminiscent of two starts back when he threw 6 2/3 innings of two - hit , scoreless ball again the San Francisco Giants . Like Greinke , Chacin was using his slider to keep the Diamondbacks at bay . His innings were n't quite as clean as Greinke as he allowed a walk in the first , a single in the second , third	True
Solarte drew Grenike 's only walk in the seventh with one out , but never advanced . Chacin , who got knocked around in his last outing , turned in a performance reminiscent of two starts back when he threw 6 2/3 innings of two - hit , scoreless ball again the San Francisco Giants . Like Greinke , Chacin was using his slider to keep the Diamondbacks at bay . His innings were n't quite as clean as Greinke as he allowed a walk in the first , a single in the second , third and fourth	True
A throwing error by Jose Iglesias allowed two runs to score in the ninth inning . The Tigers shortstop stumbled while trying to turn what would have been a game-ending double play , and instead his error cost Detroit the victory . Kevin Kiermaier opened the ninth	True
A throwing error by Jose Iglesias allowed two runs to score in the ninth inning . The Tigers shortstop stumbled while trying to turn what would have been a game-ending double play , and instead his error cost Detroit the victory . Kevin Kiermaier opened the ninth with a walk . He advanced to third	False
Kiermaier had three hits and four runs while Longoria had three hits and three RBI . Nick Castellanos hit two triples and the Tigers came back from an early four - run deficit to take the lead going into the ninth	True
Miguel Cabrera had three hits and drove in two runs for the Tigers . Singles by Longoria and Steven Souza Jr. drove in runs for the Rays in the first inning off Zimmermann . Longoria added a two - run single in a three - run fourth	True
Singles by Longoria and Steven Souza Jr. drove in runs for the Rays in the first inning off Zimmermann . Longoria added a two - run single in a three - run fourth that put the Rays up 5 - 1 . Cabrera 's two - out single in the third drove in Detroit 's first run off Chris Archer , who gave up four runs on seven hits while striking out nine in five innings . Cabrera drove in another run off Archer with a double in the third	True
Singles by Longoria and Steven Souza Jr. drove in runs for the Rays in the first inning off Zimmermann . Longoria added a two - run single in a three - run fourth that put the Rays up 5 - 1 . Cabrera 's two - out single in the third drove in Detroit 's first run off Chris Archer , who gave up four runs on seven hits while striking out nine in five innings . Cabrera drove in another run off Archer with a double in the third , and Castellanos ' second triple emptied the bases in the sixth	True
Charlie Morton and three relievers combined for a five - hitter , Jose Altuve drove in two runs and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 0 for their fifth straight win . Morton ( 1 - 1 ) worked in and out of trouble over five innings , allowing five hits and two walks with three strikeouts . He had runners on in every inning , including stranding the bases loaded in the second	True
Morton ( 1 - 1 ) worked in and out of trouble over five innings , allowing five hits and two walks with three strikeouts . He had runners on in every inning , including stranding the bases loaded in the second when he got Ben Revere to fly out . Morton , who had his first scoreless outing since Apr . 12 , 2016 , when he threw 6 2/3 scoreless , has allowed three runs or fewer in each of his three starts this season . Chris Devenski followed Morton with two perfect innings , Luke Gregerson threw a perfect eighth	True
Morton ( 1 - 1 ) worked in and out of trouble over five innings , allowing five hits and two walks with three strikeouts . He had runners on in every inning , including stranding the bases loaded in the second when he got Ben Revere to fly out . Morton , who had his first scoreless outing since Apr . 12 , 2016 , when he threw 6 2/3 scoreless , has allowed three runs or fewer in each of his three starts this season . Chris Devenski followed Morton with two perfect innings , Luke Gregerson threw a perfect eighth and Ken Giles pitched the ninth	False
Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and seven hits over a season-high seven innings . He struck out five and rebounded after allowing five runs in 4 1/3 innings in his last outing . Altuve had a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 in the third	True
Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and seven hits over a season-high seven innings . He struck out five and rebounded after allowing five runs in 4 1/3 innings in his last outing . Altuve had a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 in the third and hit an RBI double in the eighth	True
Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and seven hits over a season-high seven innings . He struck out five and rebounded after allowing five runs in 4 1/3 innings in his last outing . Altuve had a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 in the third and hit an RBI double in the eighth . Alex Bregman had an RBI single in the second	True
Chris Iannetta hit a solo homer off Hill in the third inning , and five batters later , Hill walked Jake Lamb with the bases loaded for a 2 - 0 Arizona lead . Paul Goldschmidt singled in another run in the seventh inning . Hill was upset when he arrived in the dugout after the third	True
The Dodgers had eight pitchers in the bullpen Sunday in case Hill 's blister flared up , and they used five of them to finish the game . Walker ( 2 - 1 ) struck out seven and allowed a run , four hits and a walk . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Walker loaded the bases in the first inning by walking Yasmani Grandal , but he struck out Joc Pederson to end the inning . Archie Bradley followed Walker with 2 2/3 scoreless innings , allowing a hit and a walk . Bradley has thrown 9 1/3 scoreless innings to open the season , his first	False
MINNEAPOLIS -- With a runner at third	False
Garcia stepped out of the box , collected himself and thought about what 's worked this season : just put the bat on the ball . Garcia had a career-high four hits , including an opposite-field , two - run homer in the 10th	True
Garcia had a career-high four hits , including an opposite-field , two - run homer in the 10th that gave the Chicago White Sox a 3 - 1 win over the Twins on Sunday . Leury Garcia doubled off Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) leading off the 10th	True
Leury Garcia doubled off Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) leading off the 10th and advanced on Tyler Saladino 's sacrifice . Jose Abreu struck out and Garcia drove a high fastball over the seats and into the right field plaza . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Leury Garcia doubled off Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) leading off the 10th and advanced on Tyler Saladino 's sacrifice . Jose Abreu struck out and Garcia drove a high fastball over the seats and into the right field plaza . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth , and David Robertson fanned his first two batters in a 1 - 2 - 2 10th	True
Mancini hit two home runs , Dylan Bundy pitched six shutout innings and the Orioles beat the struggling Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Sunday . Mancini connected twice for the second time in three games . He also hit two homers in a win at Boston on Wednesday . In this one , he hit a three - run blast off Ryan Tepera in the sixth	True
Mancini hit two home runs , Dylan Bundy pitched six shutout innings and the Orioles beat the struggling Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Sunday . Mancini connected twice for the second time in three games . He also hit two homers in a win at Boston on Wednesday . In this one , he hit a three - run blast off Ryan Tepera in the sixth , then added a solo drive off Matt Dermody in the eighth	True
Bundy ( 2 - 1 ) gave up five hits and struck out six . He is 2 - 0 with a 0.69 ERA in two starts against the Blue Jays . Jones stayed in the game after crashing into the outfield wall in the eighth	True
Greinke spent three seasons with Kershaw in Los Angeles , going 51 - 15 with a 2.30 ERA . But he signed a $ 206.5-million , six - year deal with the Diamondbacks prior to last season . Kershaw ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one in 8 1/3 innings . The three - time NL Cy Young Award winner lost his bid for a shutout when Chris Owings doubled in a run in the ninth	True
Greinke ( 1 - 1 ) lasted just five innings . The 2009 AL Cy Young Award winner was charged with five runs and 10 hits . The Dodgers scored two runs against Greinke in the third inning on four consecutive singles , two more in the fourth	True
Greinke ( 1 - 1 ) lasted just five innings . The 2009 AL Cy Young Award winner was charged with five runs and 10 hits . The Dodgers scored two runs against Greinke in the third inning on four consecutive singles , two more in the fourth on a double from Justin Turner and one more in the fifth	True
The Dodgers scored two runs against Greinke in the third inning on four consecutive singles , two more in the fourth on a double from Justin Turner and one more in the fifth on two singles and a Yasiel Puig sacrifice fly . Andrew Toles connected against Randall Delgado in the eighth	True
Kershaw retired his first 10 batters before Owings whizzed a single up the middle that just missed Kershaw 's head after nicking his arm . Pinch hitter Chris Iannetta singled in the ninth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Starling Marte 's talent is without question . So is his often erratic attention to detail . In a few hours Sunday , the Pittsburgh Pirates centerfielder put the full spectrum on display . Marte was picked off twice in the span of three innings as the Pirates tried to mount a comeback against Atlanta , then provided an RBI single in the eighth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Starling Marte 's talent is without question . So is his often erratic attention to detail . In a few hours Sunday , the Pittsburgh Pirates centerfielder put the full spectrum on display . Marte was picked off twice in the span of three innings as the Pirates tried to mount a comeback against Atlanta , then provided an RBI single in the eighth that gave his team life and finished an improbable rally with a two - run walk-off home run in the 10th	True
Marte was picked off twice in the span of three innings as the Pirates tried to mount a comeback against Atlanta , then provided an RBI single in the eighth that gave his team life and finished an improbable rally with a two - run walk-off home run in the 10th in a 6 - 5 victory . The Braves took the lead in the top of the 10th	False
Freddie Freeman hit his first two home runs of the season for Atlanta . Dansby Swanson added a solo shot but the Braves ' bullpen could n't hold a solid start by Julio Teheran , who left with a 4 - 2 lead after seven strong innings . Johnson came on trying to protect a one - run lead in the ninth	True
Johnson came on trying to protect a one - run lead in the ninth but the Pirates loaded the bases and tied it when Atlanta second baseman Brandon Phillips dropped the ball while trying to transfer it to his glove thanks to a hard but legal slide by David Freese . The Braves appeared to be fine when Nick Markakis sprinted home on Flowers ' sharp grounder to third	False
The NL MVP broke out of his early slump with his first three RBI of the season and the Cubs overcame a shaky start by Kyle Hendricks to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 11 - 6 Saturday night . Bryant had managed a mere single in 16 at-bats this year before going 3 for 6 . He hit a two - run double in the third inning and an RBI single in the fourth	True
Javier Baez had two hits and drove in two runs , a day after he was bruised around the left eye in an outfield collision and left the game . The World Series champions got a season-high 17 hits , many of which were not well-struck . An infield single by Hendricks put the Cubs ahead to stay 5 - 4 in the fifth	True
Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) , who led the majors with a 2.13 ERA last year , made his first start of the season and gave up a leadoff home run to Jonathan Villar . Hendricks later was tagged for a homer by Nick Franklin and left after the sixth	True
Hendricks later was tagged for a homer by Nick Franklin and left after the sixth with a 6 - 4 lead . Jett Bandy homered in the Milwaukee ninth	True
Zimmermann was terrific for the Tigers last April , but the rest of his season was ruined by neck problems . He labored early against Boston but eventually made it through the middle of the game comfortably . Zimmermann ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run and four hits . Boston led 1 - 0 when Iglesias tied it in the third	True
Eduardo Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings for the Red Sox , who have had several players out sick recently . Hanley Ramirez and Mookie Betts did n't play Saturday . Outfielder Andrew Benintendi played , but manager John Farrell said he threw up during the game . Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Eduardo Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in five innings for the Red Sox , who have had several players out sick recently . Hanley Ramirez and Mookie Betts did n't play Saturday . Outfielder Andrew Benintendi played , but manager John Farrell said he threw up during the game . Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for the Tigers for his first save of the season and second	False
Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for the Tigers for his first save of the season and second of his career . Francisco Rodriguez , the regular closer , got four outs the previous day . Zimmermann allowed a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr. in the second	True
Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for the Tigers for his first save of the season and second of his career . Francisco Rodriguez , the regular closer , got four outs the previous day . Zimmermann allowed a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr. in the second , and the Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
Zimmermann allowed a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr. in the second , and the Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the third . That rally ended when Benintendi grounded into a double play . After McCann 's homer gave the Tigers the lead , Iglesias added an RBI double in the fifth	True
After McCann 's homer gave the Tigers the lead , Iglesias added an RBI double in the fifth and scored on Ian Kinsler 's single . Bradley made a spectacular play in the eighth	True
Bradley made a spectacular play in the eighth on a drive by Nicholas Castellanos , racing over from center field to right-center and catching the ball before slamming into the wall . In the ninth	True
Bradley made a spectacular play in the eighth on a drive by Nicholas Castellanos , racing over from center field to right-center and catching the ball before slamming into the wall . In the ninth , Bradley appeared hurt when he hit a flyout to left , rounded first	False
Not that McCutchen appeared bothered by the flurries or his new spot in front of the 21-foot high Clemente Wall . The five - time All-Star picked up his first three hits of the young season and drove in a run , Ivan Nova put together six solid innings and the Pirates held on late for a 5 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves , their fourth straight victory in a home opener . McCutchen made a sliding grab on a liner by Dansby Swanson to save a run in the fifth	True
Not that McCutchen appeared bothered by the flurries or his new spot in front of the 21-foot high Clemente Wall . The five - time All-Star picked up his first three hits of the young season and drove in a run , Ivan Nova put together six solid innings and the Pirates held on late for a 5 - 4 victory over the Atlanta Braves , their fourth straight victory in a home opener . McCutchen made a sliding grab on a liner by Dansby Swanson to save a run in the fifth then watched second baseman Josh Harrison and shortstop Jordy Mercer team up for a lovely double play in the eighth	True
David Freese and Francisco Cervelli went deep off reliever Josh Collmenter leading off the fifth inning . That gave Nova the cushion he would need at PNC Park , where the game time temperature was 37 degrees . Nova ( 1 - 0 ) permitted just an unearned run over six innings in his first start since signing a three - year deal in the offseason to stay with the Pirates , who acquired him from the New York Yankees last summer . Tony Watson worked the ninth	True
Nova ( 1 - 0 ) permitted just an unearned run over six innings in his first start since signing a three - year deal in the offseason to stay with the Pirates , who acquired him from the New York Yankees last summer . Tony Watson worked the ninth for his first save as Pittsburgh 's offense broke out after mustering just three runs in 21 innings during two losses in Boston . Nova gave up six hits , walked none and struck out four . He coaxed Phillips to hit into a double-play with the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Nova ( 1 - 0 ) permitted just an unearned run over six innings in his first start since signing a three - year deal in the offseason to stay with the Pirates , who acquired him from the New York Yankees last summer . Tony Watson worked the ninth for his first save as Pittsburgh 's offense broke out after mustering just three runs in 21 innings during two losses in Boston . Nova gave up six hits , walked none and struck out four . He coaxed Phillips to hit into a double-play with the bases loaded in the fourth then struck out Phillips with two runners in scoring position in the sixth	True
The Marlins are winning with offense , scoring 73 runs in the past 10 games , and the latest victory came without slugger Giancarlo Stanton , who rested while recovering from hamstring cramps . He 's expected to return to the lineup Thursday . Bour hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
The Marlins are winning with offense , scoring 73 runs in the past 10 games , and the latest victory came without slugger Giancarlo Stanton , who rested while recovering from hamstring cramps . He 's expected to return to the lineup Thursday . Bour hit a solo homer in the fifth and a two - run homer in the sixth	False
Hill ( 2 - 2 ) recovered from a bout of wildness in his last start to pitch five innings , giving up one run and two hits . In his previous outing , also against the Cardinals , he permitted five runs on four hits and seven walks in four innings . Hill held the Cardinals hitless until Aledmys Diaz singled to lead off the fifth	True
Mike Leake ( 5 - 3 ) entered the game leading the majors with a 1.91 ERA , but allowed a season-high four runs in 6 2/3 innings . Los Angeles got all the offense it needed in the third	True
Mike Leake ( 5 - 3 ) entered the game leading the majors with a 1.91 ERA , but allowed a season-high four runs in 6 2/3 innings . Los Angeles got all the offense it needed in the third as Utley opened with his third home run of the season and second	False
Paul DeJong got two hits in his first career major league start after making his debut Sunday for the Cardinals . Brandon Morrow pitched a scoreless bottom of the ninth	True
In the two losses , San Diego had six hits and struck out 31 times ( 17 on Saturday ) . With four pitches working , Strasburg struck out the side in the third	True
In the two losses , San Diego had six hits and struck out 31 times ( 17 on Saturday ) . With four pitches working , Strasburg struck out the side in the third and sixth	True
With four pitches working , Strasburg struck out the side in the third and sixth and had at least two strikeouts in each of the first six innings . His single matched the Padres ' hit total through five innings . Strasburg previously struck out 14 batters in a game twice , including his Major League debut on June 8 , 2010 . He set a personal best by setting down Franchy Cordero in the seventh	True
The San Diego native is 6 - 1 with a 2.93 ERA in his career against his hometown team . Matt Albers pitched the eighth	True
The San Diego native is 6 - 1 with a 2.93 ERA in his career against his hometown team . Matt Albers pitched the eighth and Koda Glover the ninth	True
Padres starter Clayton Richard ( 3 - 6 ) followed up his complete-game victory over the Diamondbacks on May 21 by allowing three runs and 10 hits in six innings . One out after Anthony Rendon 's leadoff single in the sixth	True
San Diego is 5 - 13 since May 9 . San Diego loaded the bases with one out in the first	True
San Diego loaded the bases with one out in the first on a single , a throwing error by first baseman Ryan Zimmerman , and Cory Spangenberg 's four - pitch walk . Strasburg ended the threat by striking out Austin Hedges on three pitches . The Padres had two singles in the sixth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Terry Collins , the oldest current manager in the major leagues , did not have a happy 68th birthday as his New York Mets blew a save for the fifth time in their last seven chances . John Jaso singled home the tying run in the ninth inning and the winning run in the 10th	True
John Jaso singled home the tying run in the ninth inning and the winning run in the 10th , and the Pittsburgh Pirates overcame Andrew McCutchen 's baserunning blunder to beat the Mets 5 - 4 on Saturday night . Jordy Mercer doubled off the center-field wall against Addison Reed with one out in the ninth	True
Jordy Mercer doubled off the center-field wall against Addison Reed with one out in the ninth . Jaso pinch hit for Felipe Rivero , Reed threw a wild pitch and Jaso lined a single , Reed 's second blown save in eight chances . Tony Watson ( 3 - 1 ) struck out Travis d'Arnaud to strand two runners in the 10th	True
David Freese singled with one out , McCutchen was hit by a pitch and Francisco Cervelli walked . Gift Ngoepe flied out to Jay Bruce in shallow right , and left-hander Josh Edgin came in to face the right-handed hitting Jaso , who was 0 for 10 against lefties this season and 1 for 20 last year . With the count full , Jaso lined the ninth pitch of the at-bat over Bruce . New York led 4 - 2 before McCutchen 's RBI double with two outs in the sixth	True
Duda 's homer was a 451-foot drive to right-center in the sixth ; he also doubled and is 9 for 18 with four with four walks in his last five games . Mets starter Zack Wheeler , bothered by a blister on the middle finger of his pitching hand , allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . He gave up a two - run homer to McCutchen in the second	True
Utley 's two - out single in the fourth scored the Dodgers ' first run , and his two - out , bases-loaded single in the fifth made the score 5 - 0 . Taylor , a fourth-year infielder with three minor league games and three games in center field for Los Angeles , hit a two - run homer in a four - run fifth	True
Taylor , a fourth-year infielder with three minor league games and three games in center field for Los Angeles , hit a two - run homer in a four - run fifth , and also cut down Ian Rapp trying to stretch a single into a double to end the fourth inning . Taylor is hitting .338 in May , playing second	False
Taylor , a fourth-year infielder with three minor league games and three games in center field for Los Angeles , hit a two - run homer in a four - run fifth , and also cut down Ian Rapp trying to stretch a single into a double to end the fourth inning . Taylor is hitting .338 in May , playing second , third	False
Brandon McCarthy and Ross Stripling combined on a three - hitter that gave Los Angeles its eighth win in 10 games . McCarthy ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two - out singles to Happ in the fourth	True
Brandon McCarthy and Ross Stripling combined on a three - hitter that gave Los Angeles its eighth win in 10 games . McCarthy ( 5 - 1 ) allowed two - out singles to Happ in the fourth and Addison Russell in the fifth	False
McCarthy reported pain in his right knee to the trainers in the fourth inning , Roberts said . McCarthy left Dodger Stadium to have the knee examined before the game ended . Stripling gave up Miguel Montero 's leadoff single in the eighth	True
Tanaka pitched shutout ball into the eighth inning , struck out 13 and walked none in a remarkable turnaround , but he wound up a hard-luck loser when the Oakland Athletics burst ahead against the Yankees ' bullpen in a 4 - 1 win Friday night . Tanaka left with the score 0 - 0 after Adam Rosales ' one - out single in the eighth	True
Tanaka pitched shutout ball into the eighth inning , struck out 13 and walked none in a remarkable turnaround , but he wound up a hard-luck loser when the Oakland Athletics burst ahead against the Yankees ' bullpen in a 4 - 1 win Friday night . Tanaka left with the score 0 - 0 after Adam Rosales ' one - out single in the eighth . Jed Lowrie and Khris Davis had run-scoring hits off Tyler Clippard with two outs , and Stephen Vogt added a two - run homer in the ninth	False
`` I'm not saying he wo n't catch him the next time , but I'm not going to say that Gary Sanchez does n't know how to catch him , because Gary has done a good job with him . '' Tanaka fanned Mark Canha in a 10-pitch at-bat leading off the eighth	True
`` I'm not saying he wo n't catch him the next time , but I'm not going to say that Gary Sanchez does n't know how to catch him , because Gary has done a good job with him . '' Tanaka fanned Mark Canha in a 10-pitch at-bat leading off the eighth , then was replaced after Rosales ' hit . Clippard threw a pickoff past first baseman Chris Carter for an error that allowed Rosales to reach third	False
`` I'm not saying he wo n't catch him the next time , but I'm not going to say that Gary Sanchez does n't know how to catch him , because Gary has done a good job with him . '' Tanaka fanned Mark Canha in a 10-pitch at-bat leading off the eighth , then was replaced after Rosales ' hit . Clippard threw a pickoff past first baseman Chris Carter for an error that allowed Rosales to reach third , and Rajai Davis hit a two - hopper to third	False
Tanaka fanned Mark Canha in a 10-pitch at-bat leading off the eighth , then was replaced after Rosales ' hit . Clippard threw a pickoff past first baseman Chris Carter for an error that allowed Rosales to reach third , and Rajai Davis hit a two - hopper to third . Chase Headley threw to the plate in time for Romine to tag Rosales , who slid headfirst . Matt Joyce walked on a 3 - 2 pitch , Lowrie singled to right as Rajai Davis came home and Joyce took third	False
Matt Joyce walked on a 3 - 2 pitch , Lowrie singled to right as Rajai Davis came home and Joyce took third . Khris Davis grounded to Didi Gregorius , who stopped the ball with a slide deep in the hole , and Davis just beat the shortstop 's throw . Sean Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) , starting because Kendall Graveman was scratched with a sore pitching shoulder , matched Tanaka and allowed four hits in seven innings . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth	True
Matt Joyce walked on a 3 - 2 pitch , Lowrie singled to right as Rajai Davis came home and Joyce took third . Khris Davis grounded to Didi Gregorius , who stopped the ball with a slide deep in the hole , and Davis just beat the shortstop 's throw . Sean Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) , starting because Kendall Graveman was scratched with a sore pitching shoulder , matched Tanaka and allowed four hits in seven innings . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth and New York loaded the bases with one out in the ninth	True
Chatwood befuddled the Phillies , allowing only a two - out single by Andrew Knapp in the fifth inning . It was the third time Chatwood ( 4 - 6 ) earned a win in his career while allowing just one hit . He threw 112 pitches , the most since 2011 when he was with the Los Angeles Angels . The Rockies pounded starter Jeremy Hellickson ( 5 - 2 ) for seven runs in the third	True
The Phillies lost their fifth straight game , matching their longest losing streak of the season . They have now dropped 20 of 24 and have the worst record in baseball at 15 - 29 . The Phillies offense , which has only eight runs during this five - game skid , was blanked until the eighth inning when Michael Saunders snapped an 0 - for - 15 slump with a two - run home run , his fifth	False
NEW YORK -- Hunter Renfroe put the Padres ahead , then Brad Hand held on at the end . And when it was finally over , San Diego had one of its most exhilarating wins during a difficult season . Renfroe snapped an eighth-inning tie with a titanic home run , Hand pitched out of a huge jam in the ninth	True
New York loaded the bases with nobody out against Hand on two singles and a walk . But the left-hander struck out Curtis Granderson and Rene Rivera on breaking balls before Juan Lagares flied out to end it . An excited Hand pounded his glove after securing his third major league save and first	False
An excited Hand pounded his glove after securing his third major league save and first this season . After trailing by four , the Padres pulled even when slumping Wil Myers rocketed a two - run single off the top of the right-center fence in the seventh	True
An excited Hand pounded his glove after securing his third major league save and first this season . After trailing by four , the Padres pulled even when slumping Wil Myers rocketed a two - run single off the top of the right-center fence in the seventh . His drive came on the second	True
The scuffling right-hander had his turn skipped last weekend and had come out of the bullpen in his past two appearances . Leading off the eighth	True
Leading off the eighth , Renfroe sent a soaring drive deep into the second deck in left field for his ninth home run . He connected on a 3 - 1 fastball from Josh Smoker ( 0 - 2 ) , who was recalled from the minors Tuesday . Wilmer Flores hit a three - run double in the third	True
Leading off the eighth , Renfroe sent a soaring drive deep into the second deck in left field for his ninth home run . He connected on a 3 - 1 fastball from Josh Smoker ( 0 - 2 ) , who was recalled from the minors Tuesday . Wilmer Flores hit a three - run double in the third for the Mets , and Granderson followed with an RBI single . Michael Conforto added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Rizzo homered twice , Kyle Hendricks tossed seven strong innings and the Cubs hung on to beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 after closer Wade Davis gave up a two - run homer in the ninth inning . Rizzo hit solo homers off Matt Moore ( 2 - 5 ) in the second	True
Rizzo hit solo homers off Matt Moore ( 2 - 5 ) in the second and fourth innings for his 14th career multihomer game . He has four homers over his last four games and 11 on the season . Javier Baez made it 3 - 2 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Rizzo hit solo homers off Matt Moore ( 2 - 5 ) in the second and fourth innings for his 14th career multihomer game . He has four homers over his last four games and 11 on the season . Javier Baez made it 3 - 2 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Miguel Montero doubled and scored in the seventh	True
Rizzo hit solo homers off Matt Moore ( 2 - 5 ) in the second and fourth innings for his 14th career multihomer game . He has four homers over his last four games and 11 on the season . Javier Baez made it 3 - 2 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Miguel Montero doubled and scored in the seventh , and Jason Heyward tripled and came around on Jon Jay 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
Davis allowed only one unearned run in his first 18 appearances . But things got really tight in his 19th . Called on to start the ninth	True
Hendricks ( 4 - 2 ) -- 3 - 1 over his last six starts with an ERA of 1.96 -- gave up two runs and five hits . He struck out five and walked none over seven innings , retiring 15 of the last 16 batters he faced . Carl Edwards Jr. relieved Koji Uehara with two outs in the eighth	True
`` The efficiency speaks to how well he pitched , '' Molitor concluded . The lone hits against Santana were a second-inning single by Welington Castillo and a single in the fifth	True
The lone hits against Santana were a second-inning single by Welington Castillo and a single in the fifth by Jonathan Schoop . Only one runner got past first base . It was the right-hander 's 18th complete game , the second	False
If Santana was n't so darn good , the postgame chatter might have centered around Baltimore 's big right-hander . Byron Buxton hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
If Santana was n't so darn good , the postgame chatter might have centered around Baltimore 's big right-hander . Byron Buxton hit an RBI single in the fifth and Brian Dozier homered in the seventh	True
Ross ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run over a career high-tying eight innings in his return from the minors , Anthony Rendon homered twice and drove in five runs , and the Nationals completed a 10 - 1 rout over the Seattle Mariners . Bryce Harper added his 14th homer and Jayson Werth hit his seventh	False
Bryce Harper added his 14th homer and Jayson Werth hit his seventh off Chris Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed all of the Nationals ' runs and 14 of their 15 hits . He was chased following an eight - run fourth	True
Bryce Harper added his 14th homer and Jayson Werth hit his seventh off Chris Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed all of the Nationals ' runs and 14 of their 15 hits . He was chased following an eight - run fourth , in which Rendon doubled before hitting his second homer of the game and seventh	False
This time , he looked more of the 2015 - 16 vintage that had pitched to sub-4 ERAs in each season . He yielded five hits and a walk while striking out six , and retired 12 straight batters after a leadoff hit . Ross finished by striking out the side in the eighth	True
Ross finished by striking out the side in the eighth , catching long reliever Emilio Pagan looking on his 102nd pitch . Mike Zunino homered in sixth	False
Rendon 's second-inning homer around the left field foul pole made it 2 - 0 . Then Werth , Harper and Rendon all connected in the fourth	True
Cueto said he was bothered by blisters on his middle and index fingers . But the veteran right-hander said he wanted to take his next turn in the rotation . Brandon Crawford doubled in Buster Posey in the fifth	True
Cueto said he was bothered by blisters on his middle and index fingers . But the veteran right-hander said he wanted to take his next turn in the rotation . Brandon Crawford doubled in Buster Posey in the fifth , and that was it for the Giants . Lester retired the side in order in the ninth	True
The start of the game was delayed 65 minutes by rain . After the first four batters struck out , Schwarber drove a 3 - 2 pitch from Cueto over the bleachers in right and onto Sheffield Avenue for his seventh homer . Heyward added another solo shot into the basket in right in the second	True
The start of the game was delayed 65 minutes by rain . After the first four batters struck out , Schwarber drove a 3 - 2 pitch from Cueto over the bleachers in right and onto Sheffield Avenue for his seventh homer . Heyward added another solo shot into the basket in right in the second , and Rizzo 's ninth homer made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
Darvish ( 5 - 2 ) struggled a bit , allowing two runs and five hits in five innings , but Napoli put the Rangers ahead 3 - 2 with his solo shot off Matthew Boyd ( 2 - 4 ) . Pete Kozma also went deep for Texas , and the Rangers shut down Detroit after Darvish exited . Relievers Alex Claudio and Sam Dyson allowed one hit apiece , and Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ian Kinsler homered for the Tigers . One night after their 10-game winning streak was snapped by Detroit , the Rangers never trailed . Jonathan Lucroy opened the scoring with an RBI single , only for Kinsler to tie it with his home run leading off the bottom of the first	True
One night after their 10-game winning streak was snapped by Detroit , the Rangers never trailed . Jonathan Lucroy opened the scoring with an RBI single , only for Kinsler to tie it with his home run leading off the bottom of the first . Nomar Mazara tripled and scored on a single by Robinson Chirinos in the second	True
Nomar Mazara tripled and scored on a single by Robinson Chirinos in the second , then Miguel Cabrera answered in the bottom of that inning with an RBI single . Kozma 's home run in the sixth	True
Nomar Mazara tripled and scored on a single by Robinson Chirinos in the second , then Miguel Cabrera answered in the bottom of that inning with an RBI single . Kozma 's home run in the sixth was his first since 2013 . Lucroy added a run-scoring double in the ninth	False
Ray ( 3 - 3 ) limited the Padres to just two hits and three walks while striking out six in 7 2/3 innings . Tom Wilhelmsen struck out Wil Myers with the bases loaded in the eighth	True
Ray ( 3 - 3 ) limited the Padres to just two hits and three walks while striking out six in 7 2/3 innings . Tom Wilhelmsen struck out Wil Myers with the bases loaded in the eighth , and J. J. Hoover allowed the Padres ' lone run on an infield single by Allen Cordoba in the ninth	True
Tom Wilhelmsen struck out Wil Myers with the bases loaded in the eighth , and J. J. Hoover allowed the Padres ' lone run on an infield single by Allen Cordoba in the ninth . Paul Goldschmidt had a two - run single in the first	True
Lamb , Herrmann , and Chris Owings each had two hits in the game , and only Rey Fuentes went hitless from San Diego 's starting lineup . Yasmany Tomas had a two - run single in the second	True
Lamb , Herrmann , and Chris Owings each had two hits in the game , and only Rey Fuentes went hitless from San Diego 's starting lineup . Yasmany Tomas had a two - run single in the second and Lamb 's run-scoring single in the fourth made it 8 - 0 . Lamb also scored on a wild pitch in the ninth	True
The Orioles improved to 15 - 3 at home -- the best mark in the majors -- and can complete a three - game sweep Sunday . Baltimore took over first place in the American League East by a half-game over the New York Yankees . Jose Bautista had given Toronto a 5 - 4 lead with a three - run homer off winning pitcher Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) in the seventh	True
On Friday night , Castillo hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning to give Baltimore a 5 - 3 win . Since coming off the 10-day DL on May 16 , Castillo is 10 for 18 ( .556 ) with three homers and 10 RBI . Darren O'Day pitched a perfect eighth	True
Darren O'Day pitched a perfect eighth , setting up Brad Brach to pick up his ninth save for Baltimore . Manny Machado gave the Orioles a 2 - 1 lead with a solo shot in the third	True
Darren O'Day pitched a perfect eighth , setting up Brad Brach to pick up his ninth save for Baltimore . Manny Machado gave the Orioles a 2 - 1 lead with a solo shot in the third off Mike Bolsinger . Trumbo increased the margin to 4 - 1 with a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Darren O'Day pitched a perfect eighth , setting up Brad Brach to pick up his ninth save for Baltimore . Manny Machado gave the Orioles a 2 - 1 lead with a solo shot in the third off Mike Bolsinger . Trumbo increased the margin to 4 - 1 with a two - run homer in the fifth , his sixth	False
Manny Machado gave the Orioles a 2 - 1 lead with a solo shot in the third off Mike Bolsinger . Trumbo increased the margin to 4 - 1 with a two - run homer in the fifth , his sixth of the season . Justin Smoak 's 10th homer of the season pulled the Blue Jays within 4 - 2 in the sixth	False
CHICAGO -- Long after Kyle Hendricks looked like Kyle Hendricks again and the Chicago Cubs got big hits from Anthony Rizzo and Kyle Schwarber , Cincinnati Reds manager Bryan Price was still upset about the end of the game . The Cubs wrapped up a 7 - 5 victory over the Reds on Wednesday night when a replay review overturned a safe call on a close play at first	False
The Cubs wrapped up a 7 - 5 victory over the Reds on Wednesday night when a replay review overturned a safe call on a close play at first that could have brought the potential tying run to the plate . Wade Davis retired the first two batters in the Cincinnati ninth	True
Hendricks improved to 2 - 1 with a 1.82 ERA in his last five starts after going 1 - 1 with a 6.19 ERA in his first three outings . It 's a very encouraging sign for the Cubs after the wiry right-hander blossomed into one of their most dependable starters last year . Zack Cozart had three hits and two RBI in Cincinnati 's season-high fifth straight loss , but Adam Duvall committed a big error in left field and the Reds missed a couple more plays on defense that led to productive innings for the Cubs . Cozart connected for a solo shot in the third	True
Zack Cozart had three hits and two RBI in Cincinnati 's season-high fifth straight loss , but Adam Duvall committed a big error in left field and the Reds missed a couple more plays on defense that led to productive innings for the Cubs . Cozart connected for a solo shot in the third that extended his Wrigley Field homer streak to five games , matching a record for any player at the iconic ballpark . Cozart put Cincinnati in front with an RBI single in the first	True
Zack Cozart had three hits and two RBI in Cincinnati 's season-high fifth straight loss , but Adam Duvall committed a big error in left field and the Reds missed a couple more plays on defense that led to productive innings for the Cubs . Cozart connected for a solo shot in the third that extended his Wrigley Field homer streak to five games , matching a record for any player at the iconic ballpark . Cozart put Cincinnati in front with an RBI single in the first , but Chicago went ahead to stay with five runs in the second	True
Cozart put Cincinnati in front with an RBI single in the first , but Chicago went ahead to stay with five runs in the second against Scott Feldman ( 2 - 4 ) . Votto tried for a backhand stab on Schwarber 's hard-hit grounder to first	False
Votto tried for a backhand stab on Schwarber 's hard-hit grounder to first , but it skipped by him for a tiebreaking two - run single . Rizzo 's two - run single went off the glove of second baseman Jose Peraza in shallow right field , helping the Cubs open a 5 - 1 lead . Chicago added two unearned runs in the third	True
St. Louis made three errors and lost for just the second time in 10 games . Lance Lynn ( 4 - 2 ) gave up four runs , two earned , and three hits in six innings , striking out four and walking one . Betts began the game with his seventh homer and 10th career leadoff shot , tying Jacoby Ellsbury for the franchise record . Bradley added a solo homer in the second	True
Betts began the game with his seventh homer and 10th career leadoff shot , tying Jacoby Ellsbury for the franchise record . Bradley added a solo homer in the second for a 2 - 0 lead . Craig Kimbrel pitched a scoreless ninth	True
In the third inning , St. Louis ' Dexter Fowler smacked an RBI double off the left field wall , and Tommy Pham and Matt Carpenter followed with sacrifice flies . The Red Sox scored twice in the fifth	True
The Red Sox scored twice in the fifth after a leadoff walk and an error . Bradley scored on an RBI groundout by Betts . Deven Marrero , who reached on an error by Jedd Gyorko , scored on Dustin Pedroia 's single to center to make it 4 - 3 . Boston scored twice in the eighth	False
Mariners right-hander Christian Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . Travis opened the scoring with an RBI groundout in the second	True
Mariners right-hander Christian Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . Travis opened the scoring with an RBI groundout in the second . Bautista homered in the third	True
Mariners right-hander Christian Bergman ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . Travis opened the scoring with an RBI groundout in the second . Bautista homered in the third , his second	False
Bautista had one homer and seven RBI in 25 games in April . He has three homers and seven RBI in 11 games so far in May . Travis made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly off Jean Machi in the sixth	True
Travis made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly off Jean Machi in the sixth . Seattle put runners at second	False
Travis made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly off Jean Machi in the sixth . Seattle put runners at second and third	False
Travis made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly off Jean Machi in the sixth . Seattle put runners at second and third with one out in the third	True
Travis made it 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly off Jean Machi in the sixth . Seattle put runners at second and third with one out in the third but could n't score . Third baseman Darwin Barney knocked down Jean Seagura 's grounder and got an out while keeping Taylor Motter at third	False
Jose Urena ( 1 - 1 ) gave up two runs in six innings . Atlanta 's Matt Kemp singled in the second	True
Atlanta 's Matt Kemp singled in the second to extend his hitting streak to 12 games . He is batting .358 ( 19 for 53 ) during the string . Flowers hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Flowers hit a two - run shot in the second to give the Braves the early lead . Bour hit his sixth homer in the fourth	True
Bour hit his sixth homer in the fourth , but Foltynewicz only allowed one hit over the next 10 batters following the home run . Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler gave up four runs in the seventh	True
Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler gave up four runs in the seventh while getting just one out . Kyle Barraclough 's balk and third baseman Derek Dietrich 's error helped the Braves . Flowers , who led off the seventh	True
Kyle Barraclough 's balk and third baseman Derek Dietrich 's error helped the Braves . Flowers , who led off the seventh by getting hit by a pitch , singled to cap the big inning . Realmuto hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Kyle Barraclough 's balk and third baseman Derek Dietrich 's error helped the Braves . Flowers , who led off the seventh by getting hit by a pitch , singled to cap the big inning . Realmuto hit a two - run homer in the seventh and Dietrich homered in the ninth	False
Belt was hitless in 18 previous at-bats when he hit his fifth homer on the year , a shot to center off on an 84 mph cut fastball Arroyo left over the heart of the plate . Span homered to right in the fifth	True
He did it again on Wednesday when he had two doubles and two RBI to help the Houston Astros to a 4 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves that gave them the best 34-game start in franchise history . The Astros had two outs and two on in the fifth	True
Houston ( 23 - 11 ) swept the two - game interleague matchup in its first series victory over the Braves since winning two of three from May 1 - 3 , 1999 . Joe Musgrove ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , and Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth	True
Garcia tied a season-high with four runs in six innings , giving up six hits . Freddie Freeman and Adonis Garcia hit solo homers to give Atlanta a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Freddie Freeman and Adonis Garcia hit solo homers to give Atlanta a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth , but the Braves could n't string many together hits after that and tied a season high with their sixth straight loss . Dansby Swanson and Emilio Bonifacio hit back-to-back singles in the eighth	True
Pujols is n't ready to say this game will be some kind of turning point , but it was a good start in the process . Yonder Alonso homered twice for Oakland , raising his career-best total to 11 with his second career two - homer game -- four days after his first	False
Yonder Alonso homered twice for Oakland , raising his career-best total to 11 with his second career two - homer game -- four days after his first . Pujols homered in the first	True
Yonder Alonso homered twice for Oakland , raising his career-best total to 11 with his second career two - homer game -- four days after his first . Pujols homered in the first only to see Alonso answer with a two - run drive in the bottom half . Then the Angels hit two more in the second	True
Pujols homered in the first only to see Alonso answer with a two - run drive in the bottom half . Then the Angels hit two more in the second as the first seven runs all scored on long balls . Escobar added an RBI groundout in the fourth	True
Cotton , who fell to 0 - 4 in night games while going 3 - 0 during the day , allowed eight hits , a season-high seven runs and struck out seven with one walk over five innings . Alonso homered for a second time leading off the sixth	True
Scioscia 's club managed more than enough runs after the Angels were held to just two in Monday 's 3 - 2 defeat for the fifth time in nine games . Meyer struck out seven but walked five over 5 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and four hits . Bud Norris , the Angels ' fourth reliever who entered after Keynan Middleton started the ninth	True
Scioscia 's club managed more than enough runs after the Angels were held to just two in Monday 's 3 - 2 defeat for the fifth time in nine games . Meyer struck out seven but walked five over 5 1/3 innings , allowing three runs and four hits . Bud Norris , the Angels ' fourth reliever who entered after Keynan Middleton started the ninth , earned his sixth save after Oakland threatened in the ninth	True
Pat Valaika lined a two - run homer and Charlie Blackmon added a solo shot into the second deck as the NL West-leading Rockies took two out of three from the Diamondbacks . Chatwood ( 3 - 4 ) surrendered a single to Jake Lamb in the fourth	True
Pat Valaika lined a two - run homer and Charlie Blackmon added a solo shot into the second deck as the NL West-leading Rockies took two out of three from the Diamondbacks . Chatwood ( 3 - 4 ) surrendered a single to Jake Lamb in the fourth and was cruising along until he tried to corral Daniel Descalso 's infield hit with his right palm to start the eighth	True
Taijuan Walker ( 3 - 2 ) surrendered three runs -- one earned -- over 5 2/3 innings . He was undone by some faulty fielding , including a flyball lost in the sun . Arizona scored twice in the eighth	True
Arizona scored twice in the eighth before Mike Dunn got the final out of the inning with lightning visible in the background and the wind picking up . Rain followed and the game was delayed 1 hour , 22 minutes . Greg Holland pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Greg Holland pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . The game-changing play took place in the sixth	True
Greg Holland pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . The game-changing play took place in the sixth , when Reynolds reached on second baseman Chris Owings ' two - out error . Trevor Story followed with a towering fly to right , with David Peralta initially stumbling after it . Peralta got back to his feet in time , but then lost the ball in the sun , allowing Reynolds to score from first	False
Santana and Francisco Lindor hit back-to-back homers with two outs in the ninth inning off Herrera to lift the Indians to a 3 - 1 victory over the Royals on Saturday . Herrera ( 1 - 1 ) gave up the home runs in a span of three pitches . Santana took a 2 - 0 pitch out to right-center . Lindor hit his eighth	False
Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) picked up the victory , while Cody Allen earned his eighth save in as many opportunities , but had to work around a walk and a single . The Royals led 1 - 0 going into the eighth	True
The Royals led 1 - 0 going into the eighth , but the bullpen could not hold it . Joakim Soria , the third Kansas City pitcher , gave up three hits and the tying run in the eighth	True
Eric Hosmer drove in the lone Royals run . His fourth-inning single extended his hitting streak to 10 games and scored Lorenzo Cain , who had doubled . Vargas was removed after Kipnis led off the seventh	True
Vargas was removed after Kipnis led off the seventh with an infield single . Rookie Matt Strahm replaced Vargas and struck out Brandon Guyer with a 95 mph fastball . After walking Yan Gomes on five pitches , the runners advanced to second	False
Vargas was removed after Kipnis led off the seventh with an infield single . Rookie Matt Strahm replaced Vargas and struck out Brandon Guyer with a 95 mph fastball . After walking Yan Gomes on five pitches , the runners advanced to second and third	False
Vargas was removed after Kipnis led off the seventh with an infield single . Rookie Matt Strahm replaced Vargas and struck out Brandon Guyer with a 95 mph fastball . After walking Yan Gomes on five pitches , the runners advanced to second and third on Abraham Almonte 's groundout to first	False
Castro drove in three runs against his former team , Aaron Hicks tied a career high with four hits and the New York Yankees pounded Brett Anderson and the Chicago Cubs 11 - 6 on Saturday night . Hicks connected for a three - run homer in the eighth inning as the AL East leaders ( 19 - 9 ) earned their fourth straight win , extending their surprising start . Jordan Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) pitched into the seventh	True
Hicks connected for a three - run homer in the eighth inning as the AL East leaders ( 19 - 9 ) earned their fourth straight win , extending their surprising start . Jordan Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) pitched into the seventh for his first road win in his fifth major league start . Castro , a three - time All-Star with the Cubs before he was traded to the Yankees in December 2015 , hit an RBI double in New York 's five - run first	True
Hicks connected for a three - run homer in the eighth inning as the AL East leaders ( 19 - 9 ) earned their fourth straight win , extending their surprising start . Jordan Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) pitched into the seventh for his first road win in his fifth major league start . Castro , a three - time All-Star with the Cubs before he was traded to the Yankees in December 2015 , hit an RBI double in New York 's five - run first . He drove a 3 - 1 pitch from reliever Felix Pena deep into the bleachers in left for a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Castro finished with three hits in his fifth straight multihit game , running his AL-best batting average to .381 . Hicks has 10 hits in his last 20 at-bats . Anderson ( 2 - 2 ) allowed hits to six of his first seven batters before he was pulled with one out in the first	True
`` It 's a lost ballgame , you throw it away , but when you have to lose a guy like Matty , that 's the most difficult part of today . '' The move underscored Maddon 's concern about the stress on his bullpen . He also had backup catcher Miguel Montero work the ninth	True
`` It 's a lost ballgame , you throw it away , but when you have to lose a guy like Matty , that 's the most difficult part of today . '' The move underscored Maddon 's concern about the stress on his bullpen . He also had backup catcher Miguel Montero work the ninth in his first pitching appearance since July 3 and the second	True
The move underscored Maddon 's concern about the stress on his bullpen . He also had backup catcher Miguel Montero work the ninth in his first pitching appearance since July 3 and the second of his career . Montero threw one near the head of Chris Carter , patting his chest to acknowledge his mistake as he took a few steps toward the plate . Montero walked two and the Yankees had runners on second	False
The move underscored Maddon 's concern about the stress on his bullpen . He also had backup catcher Miguel Montero work the ninth in his first pitching appearance since July 3 and the second of his career . Montero threw one near the head of Chris Carter , patting his chest to acknowledge his mistake as he took a few steps toward the plate . Montero walked two and the Yankees had runners on second and third	False
Nova , the NL 's pitcher of the month for April , struggled on a wet , chilly day . After allowing a season-high eight hits in six innings during a 9 - 2 loss to Cincinnati on April 12 , Nova ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits while struggling with two- and four - seam fastballs that had more movement than usual . Votto doubled to start the scoring in a two - run fourth	True
Votto doubled to start the scoring in a two - run fourth and came around on Duvall 's single . The Reds got five hits in the inning . Votto doubled home Billy Hamilton from first base with two outs in the fifth	True
Segura had a career-high four RBI , including a two - run homer in the fifth inning . Robinson Cano hit his fifth home run of the season . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning and Edwin Diaz worked a shaky ninth	True
Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning and Edwin Diaz worked a shaky ninth for his fifth save . Kole Calhoun hit a solo home run with two outs , and Diaz followed by hitting Mike Trout on the arm , but he struck out Albert Pujols to end the game . Trout ignited the Angels ' one big rally with a two - run homer as Los Angeles sent 10 batters to the plate in the sixth inning and had seven hits . Trout 's homer off starter Hisashi Iwakuma was his eighth	False
Steve Pearce went 4 for 4 with his first two homers for the Blue Jays , who had won a season-best three in a row . Latos ( 0 - 1 ) was ineffective in his third start with Toronto , allowing four homers and 10 hits in four innings . Judge , the 6-foot-7 mountain of a rookie , took over the major league lead with his 12th home run , a three - run shot to left field on the 10th pitch of his at-bat in the seventh	True
Last season , Judge batted .179 in the big leagues and struck out in half of his 84 at-bats . Judge went the other way for a solo shot in the third	True
An unexpected way , actually . San Francisco entered with a National League-low 16 home runs but hit two against Kershaw -- a two - run shot by Hunter Pence in the first inning and a solo drive by Buster Posey in the third	True
Derek Law fanned Yasiel Puig for the final out to earn his first save . The Dodgers scored on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI groundout in the first	True
Derek Law fanned Yasiel Puig for the final out to earn his first save . The Dodgers scored on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI groundout in the first and tied it 2-all on Kershaw 's two - out single in the second	True
Kershaw ( 4 - 2 ) never appeared particularly sharp . He went six innings , allowing four runs -- three earned -- and eight hits . He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Posey 's second home run of the season came in the third	True
Posey 's second home run of the season came in the third and gave San Francisco the lead for good . The Giants scored their fourth run in the fifth	True
Posey 's second home run of the season came in the third and gave San Francisco the lead for good . The Giants scored their fourth run in the fifth after Kershaw threw away Gorkys Hernandez 's bunt for an error that allowed Hernandez to reach second	False
The Giants scored their fourth run in the fifth after Kershaw threw away Gorkys Hernandez 's bunt for an error that allowed Hernandez to reach second . He scored on Christian Arroyo 's single . The Dodgers pulled within one on pinch-hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single in the seventh	True
Eric Hosmer and Jorge Bonifacio hit two - run homers , and the Royals snapped their losing streak with a 6 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Monday night . Bonifacio homered with two outs in the fourth	True
Jacob May 's ground-ball single in the fourth scored Todd Frazier with the lone White Sox run . May was hitting .030 , 1 for 33 , at the time . White Sox reliever Michael Ynoa walked Bonifacio and Brandon Moss and hit Escobar to load the bases with one out in the eighth	True
Ian Kennedy ( 2 - 6 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings for the Royals , earning his second victory in three starts . He gave up solo homers to Miguel Cabrera and Alex Avila , but only after Kansas City had jumped to a 5 - 0 lead . Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) permitted five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Six of those hits came in the fourth	True
Perez 's deep fly ball the previous night was caught by Mikie Mahtook on a spectacular play in right-center . He gave the Tigers no chance to run down his homer to left-center on Wednesday , which came on a 3 - 0 pitch . Moustakas followed with his 20th home run of the season , giving the Royals a 4 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon , who had opened the scoring with an RBI single an inning earlier , added a run-scoring double in the fourth	True
Alex Gordon , who had opened the scoring with an RBI single an inning earlier , added a run-scoring double in the fourth to make it 5 - 0 . Avila led off the bottom of the fourth	True
Avila led off the bottom of the fourth with his 11th homer , and Cabrera hit his 10th two innings later . Gordon hit a run-scoring groundout in the eighth	True
Avila led off the bottom of the fourth with his 11th homer , and Cabrera hit his 10th two innings later . Gordon hit a run-scoring groundout in the eighth . Perez added an RBI double in the ninth	False
ATLANTA -- Brandon Phillips is thriving in his Atlanta homecoming . He 's motivated to make it last as long as possible . Phillips gave Atlanta the lead with a two - run homer in the third	True
Phillips had two hits , including the homer off Matt Garza ( 3 - 4 ) into the Brewers ' bullpen behind the left-field wall . The homer drove in Ender Inciarte , who singled . Jim Johnson gave up a single to pinch-hitter Jesus Aguilar with two outs in the ninth	True
Garza allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . Keon Broxton led off the game with a single off Dickey . He stole second	False
Garza allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings . Keon Broxton led off the game with a single off Dickey . He stole second and later scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Hernan Perez . Dickey did not allow more than one baserunner in any inning after the first	True
Carlos Correa homered , Mike Fiers struck out five over six innings to win his fourth straight decision , and the majors-best Astros won for the ninth straight time in Oakland , beating the Athletics 5 - 1 . Evan Gattis hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
Evan Gattis hit a two - run single in the sixth against A 's lefty Sean Manaea to break a scoreless tie and back Fiers ( 5 - 2 ) . The right-hander also won his seventh straight road decision in his last 11 away outings for Houston ( 49 - 24 ) . Jake Marisnick added an RBI single in the decisive sixth inning of the Astros ' 14th victory in the last 15 overall against Oakland . Marisnick added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Jake Marisnick added an RBI single in the decisive sixth inning of the Astros ' 14th victory in the last 15 overall against Oakland . Marisnick added a sacrifice fly in the eighth after the A 's got on the board with pinch-hitter Stephen Vogt 's RBI groundout . Correa connected for his 14th homer in the ninth	True
Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer off Cory Gearrin in the 11th inning to lift Atlanta to a 5 - 3 win over the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday night . The homer , the third	False
Gearrin ( 1 - 2 ) walked Nick Markakis with one out before Kemp 's homer barely cleared the right field wall . He found a circle of teammates waiting to celebrate at home plate . Braves Sean Newcomb , who gave up one run in six innings , was denied his first win when Hunter Pence 's homer off Braves closer Jim Johnson tied the game at 3 - 3 in the ninth	True
Braves Sean Newcomb , who gave up one run in six innings , was denied his first win when Hunter Pence 's homer off Braves closer Jim Johnson tied the game at 3 - 3 in the ninth . It was Johnson 's fifth blown save in 18 chances . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 11th	True
Adams has flourished in what was intended to be a fill-in role at first base while Freddie Freeman recovered from a fractured left wrist . Freeman said Wednesday he plans to play third base when healthy to keep Adams ' bat in the lineup . Brandon Belt 's triple into the right-field corner off Newcomb drove in Pence for a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Brandon Belt 's triple into the right-field corner off Newcomb drove in Pence for a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Denard Span tripled off Arodys Vizcaino with one out in the eighth	True
Vargas hit a 483-foot drive and Sano added another long homer to help the Minnesota Twins bounce back from a demoralizing sweep by beating the Chicago White Sox 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . The homers helped the Twins overcome a rough outing from Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) , who gave up six runs on 10 hits and struck out six in five innings . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth	True
The Twins won for just the 15th time in 39 games at Target Field , tied with the White Sox for fewest home wins in the American League . This one was much-needed after Cleveland took four straight at Target Field to sweep the Twins out of first place in the AL Central last weekend . Sano got things started for the Twins with a two - run shot in the first inning , and Vargas ' drive landed in the second deck in left-center to highlight a five - run third	True
Sano got things started for the Twins with a two - run shot in the first inning , and Vargas ' drive landed in the second deck in left-center to highlight a five - run third that put Minnesota up 7 - 4 . Only Yankees rookie Aaron Judge ( 495 feet ) and Milwaukee 's Keon Broxton ( 489 feet ) have hit longer home runs this season , according to MLB 's Statcast . The White Sox pulled to 8 - 7 on Abreu 's solo homer in the sixth	True
Sano got things started for the Twins with a two - run shot in the first inning , and Vargas ' drive landed in the second deck in left-center to highlight a five - run third that put Minnesota up 7 - 4 . Only Yankees rookie Aaron Judge ( 495 feet ) and Milwaukee 's Keon Broxton ( 489 feet ) have hit longer home runs this season , according to MLB 's Statcast . The White Sox pulled to 8 - 7 on Abreu 's solo homer in the sixth , but Garcia made two errors in right field in the eighth	True
NEW YORK -- Tyler Clippard walked off the mound , stared straight ahead and walked to the dugout as many of the 39,853 fans at Yankee Stadium booed . Cameron Maybin hit a tiebreaking home run on the struggling reliever 's second pitch of the night , Kole Calhoun lined a double to right-center on his eighth	True
NEW YORK -- Tyler Clippard walked off the mound , stared straight ahead and walked to the dugout as many of the 39,853 fans at Yankee Stadium booed . Cameron Maybin hit a tiebreaking home run on the struggling reliever 's second pitch of the night , Kole Calhoun lined a double to right-center on his eighth , Albert Pujols hit a warning-track flyout on his 11th	True
NEW YORK -- Tyler Clippard walked off the mound , stared straight ahead and walked to the dugout as many of the 39,853 fans at Yankee Stadium booed . Cameron Maybin hit a tiebreaking home run on the struggling reliever 's second pitch of the night , Kole Calhoun lined a double to right-center on his eighth , Albert Pujols hit a warning-track flyout on his 11th and Yunel Escobar tripled off the top of the left-field wall , just above the glove of leaping Brett Gardner , on his 12th	False
A week ago , the Yankees led the AL East by four games after winning the opener of a West Coast trip at Angel Stadium . But even with the return of closer Aroldis Chapman from the disabled list last weekend , New York dropped out of first place for the first time since mid-May and trails Boston by a half-game . Even with reliever Adam Warren on the disabled list , Girardi is reluctant to use setup man Dellin Betances for six outs , preferring he pitch only the eighth	True
Even with reliever Adam Warren on the disabled list , Girardi is reluctant to use setup man Dellin Betances for six outs , preferring he pitch only the eighth to hold leads . Aaron Judge hit his major league-leading 24th home run and Gary Sanchez his 12th	False
Los Angeles , which outhit New York 14 - 4 despite missing injured AL MVP Mike Trout , had lost its nine previous games at Yankee Stadium and 18 of 21 . In one of the season 's quirkier stats , the Angels improved to 12 - 0 on Tuesdays . Maybin had three hits and two RBI , including a run-scoring chopper in the eighth	True
Los Angeles , which outhit New York 14 - 4 despite missing injured AL MVP Mike Trout , had lost its nine previous games at Yankee Stadium and 18 of 21 . In one of the season 's quirkier stats , the Angels improved to 12 - 0 on Tuesdays . Maybin had three hits and two RBI , including a run-scoring chopper in the eighth . Valbuena added a solo homer off Holder in the ninth	False
Maybin had three hits and two RBI , including a run-scoring chopper in the eighth . Valbuena added a solo homer off Holder in the ninth . Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) allowed Sanchez 's tying home run in the sixth	True
Michael Pineda allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . Los Angeles went ahead nine pitches in when Pujols ' single scored Maybin , who doubled leading off , and the Angels opened a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The victory made the Mets 17 - 0 when their pitcher homers , dating to a loss when Jason Isringhausen connected in 1996 , the Elias Sports Bureau said . T. J. Rivera had four hits for the Mets . A popup that Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy lost in the sun set up two New York runs in the fourth	True
T. J. Rivera had four hits for the Mets . A popup that Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy lost in the sun set up two New York runs in the fourth for a 3 - 1 lead . Trea Turner stole four bases , setting a Nationals record . Harper extended his hitting streak to 11 games -- matching his longest in a single season -- leading to Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly in the first	True
Trea Turner stole four bases , setting a Nationals record . Harper extended his hitting streak to 11 games -- matching his longest in a single season -- leading to Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly in the first . DeGrom made a nifty play in the fourth	True
Trea Turner stole four bases , setting a Nationals record . Harper extended his hitting streak to 11 games -- matching his longest in a single season -- leading to Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly in the first . DeGrom made a nifty play in the fourth , charging in to grab Murphy 's tapper and throwing out his former teammate . Murphy doubled in the ninth	True
Cincinnati has lost a season-high eight straight games overall . Bellinger doubled home a run in the first	True
Thames ' 18th of the season off Cardinals closer Seung Hwan Oh ( 1 - 3 ) in the ninth barely skimmed over the right field wall and broke a 4 - 4 tie as the NL Central-leading Brewers won their second straight series against the Cardinals and improved to 36 - 32 . Milwaukee had gone 0 - 15 - 15 in the previous 17 series . Broxton drilled the first pitch he saw 489 feet into the left field seats to tie the game 2 - 2 in the second	True
Broxton is hitting .450 ( 9 for 20 ) with three homers and seven RBI in six games this season at Busch Stadium . Domingo Santana 's single scored Eric Sogard to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
Oliver Drake earned his first career save for the Brewers . Josh Hader and Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) combined for three scoreless innings of relief . Stephen Piscotty and Aledmys Diaz had RBI singles to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Stephen Piscotty and Aledmys Diaz had RBI singles to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Dexter Fowler tied it for the Cardinals with a solo home run in the third	True
Stephen Piscotty and Aledmys Diaz had RBI singles to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Dexter Fowler tied it for the Cardinals with a solo home run in the third and again with a single scoring Matt Carpenter in the fifth	True
Dexter Fowler tied it for the Cardinals with a solo home run in the third and again with a single scoring Matt Carpenter in the fifth . Carpenter doubled in the first	True
Dexter Fowler tied it for the Cardinals with a solo home run in the third and again with a single scoring Matt Carpenter in the fifth . Carpenter doubled in the first and fifth	True
Carpenter doubled in the first and fifth , scoring both times . He has doubled in six straight games . Michael Wacha struggled again , giving up four runs in four innings . It is the fourth	False
`` Scrappy win , '' Black added . `` We needed that . We could n't let that one get way . '' Mark Reynolds began the tiebreaking rally by singling off Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 2 ) to start the ninth	True
Mark Reynolds began the tiebreaking rally by singling off Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 2 ) to start the ninth . After Ian Desmond popped out , pinch-hitter Carlos Gonzalez , the Rockies veteran slugger who has been in a slump , walked to bring up Tapia , who came through with his second hit of the night . Buster Posey connected for his ninth home run , a two - drive in the seventh	True
Mark Reynolds began the tiebreaking rally by singling off Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 2 ) to start the ninth . After Ian Desmond popped out , pinch-hitter Carlos Gonzalez , the Rockies veteran slugger who has been in a slump , walked to bring up Tapia , who came through with his second hit of the night . Buster Posey connected for his ninth home run , a two - drive in the seventh off reliever Scott Oberg , but then left the game with ankle soreness . Eduardo Nunez also left the game with hamstring tightness after legging out a leadoff infield single in the seventh	True
Buster Posey connected for his ninth home run , a two - drive in the seventh off reliever Scott Oberg , but then left the game with ankle soreness . Eduardo Nunez also left the game with hamstring tightness after legging out a leadoff infield single in the seventh . The team said both players ' status was day to day . Nick Hundley , who replaced Posey at catcher , had a pinch-hit home run to ignite a five - run eighth	True
Nick Hundley , who replaced Posey at catcher , had a pinch-hit home run to ignite a five - run eighth . Pitcher Ty Blach , in a rare pinch-hitting appearance , also had an RBI single . Brandon Crawford then drove a 2 - 2 offering from Jake McGee into the left-field bleachers for a three - run homer that pulled the Giants , who trailed 9 - 1 earlier , within a run . Austin Slater singled off closer Greg Holland to lead off the ninth	True
Austin Slater singled off closer Greg Holland to lead off the ninth for his fourth hit of the game . Holland fanned Hundley but Denard Span singled and Gorkys Hernandez delivered a game-tying sacrifice fly , marking the first blown save of the season for Holland ( 1 - 0 ) . He had converted a franchise-record 23 in a row to start the year . With Giants position players depleted , Jeff Samardzija became the second Giants pitcher to be used as a pinch-hitter . While he was up , Span , who had stolen third	False
Giants starter Matt Moore went three innings and allowed eight runs on 11 hits . The Rockies did most of their damage early , scoring seven runs in the first two innings . Arenado had an RBI double in the first	True
Giants starter Matt Moore went three innings and allowed eight runs on 11 hits . The Rockies did most of their damage early , scoring seven runs in the first two innings . Arenado had an RBI double in the first and a two - run double in the second	True
Giants starter Matt Moore went three innings and allowed eight runs on 11 hits . The Rockies did most of their damage early , scoring seven runs in the first two innings . Arenado had an RBI double in the first and a two - run double in the second . He had another run-scoring double in the sixth	True
The White Sox opened a four - game series on a strong note after dropping nine of 11 and handed the Orioles their fifth straight loss . Smith set the tone with a two - run drive in the second	True
Smith set the tone with a two - run drive in the second against Wade Miley ( 2 - 4 ) and finished with a career-best three RBI . Garcia added an RBI double in a four - run third	True
Smith set the tone with a two - run drive in the second against Wade Miley ( 2 - 4 ) and finished with a career-best three RBI . Garcia added an RBI double in a four - run third and drove in two more with a single in the fourth	True
Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one - hit ball over 2 1/3 innings after Mike Pelfrey struggled , and the White Sox picked up the win after a 2 - 7 road trip . Baltimore made a run late in the game , with Trey Mancini 's three - run homer against Gregory Infante in the eighth cutting it to 10 - 6 . But it was n't enough after Miley failed to make it out of the third	True
He gave up six runs and six hits in 2 1/3 innings . The left-hander lasted just 2 2/3 against Pittsburgh last week , and his ERA has jumped from 2.82 to 3.97 in his past two starts . Pelfrey lasted 3 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and six hits while walking five . He also hit a batter . Pelfrey got out of a bases loaded jam in the third	True
With one majestic swing in the eighth inning , the rookie made a happy memory for Patty and Wayne Judge -- along with the other thousands of roaring Yankees fans in the Orange County stands . Judge hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the eighth	True
Didi Gregorius went 4 for 4 with a walk and drove in two runs for the Yankees , while Chase Headley added an RBI single . Danny Espinosa and Cameron Maybin got back-to-back RBI hits in the seventh	True
Jose Alvarez ( 0 - 3 ) gave up Aaron Hicks ' one - out double before Judge 's homer . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the ninth	True
This was Russell 's second game since missing the first two games of the series . The MLB investigation began after claims of abuse against his wife were levied in a since-deleted social media post . Reliever Jordan Lyles ( 0 - 2 ) gave up both homers in the sixth	True
Reliever Jordan Lyles ( 0 - 2 ) gave up both homers in the sixth . The NL West-leading Rockies ended their longest winning string since 2013 . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) won in relief of starter Jake Arrieta . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth	True
Schwarber 's towering fly to right field earned him a curtain call from the Wrigley Field fans on a 91-degree day . Colorado rookie Antonio Senzatela labored through four innings , striking out six . He allowed four runs before getting an out in the first	True
Edwards relieved and allowed a tying , two - run single by Ian Desmond . Montero homered in the eighth	True
Edwards relieved and allowed a tying , two - run single by Ian Desmond . Montero homered in the eighth . LeMahieu added an RBI single in the ninth	False
Scherzer ( 7 - 4 ) has 2,005 career strikeouts after fanning at least 10 batters seven times this season . He allowed three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in 7 1/3 innings . By the end of the eighth	True
Bibens-Dirkx ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and three hits in seven innings in his second career start . The 32-year-old rookie retired 19 straight after Brian Goodwin 's first career leadoff homer and a single by Bryce Harper . Shin-Soo Choo slugged his ninth homer and second	False
Scherzer reached the 2,000 mark when he got Nomar Mazara swinging a 1 - 2 slider that tailed inside to open the fourth inning . He struck out the side in the fifth	True
Scherzer reached the 2,000 mark when he got Nomar Mazara swinging a 1 - 2 slider that tailed inside to open the fourth inning . He struck out the side in the fifth and cruised until the eighth	True
Oliver Perez walked Choo to load the bases . DeShields scored on Wieters ' passed ball . Elvis Andrus hit a two - run triple and scored on Mazara 's sacrifice fly . Bibens-Dirkx was sailing along before Rendon singled in the seventh	True
Fiers , who was plagued by home runs as he struggled through his first nine starts , has n't allowed any during his three - game winning streak . Ken Giles walked one and struck out three in a scoreless ninth	True
Ken Giles walked one and struck out three in a scoreless ninth for his 16th save . Brian McCann put Houston up 1 - 0 with his solo shot to right field off Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) with one out in the second	True
Brian McCann put Houston up 1 - 0 with his solo shot to right field off Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) with one out in the second . Nolasco plunked McCann to start Houston 's fifth	True
Brian McCann put Houston up 1 - 0 with his solo shot to right field off Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 7 ) with one out in the second . Nolasco plunked McCann to start Houston 's fifth before Marwin Gonzalez singled on the 10th pitch of his at-bat to send McCann to third	False
Nolasco tied a season-high by yielding eight hits with two runs in seven innings to extend his losing streak to five games , which ties a career high . The home run to McCann moved him ahead of Fiers for most homers allowed in the American League this season with 19 . Fiers did n't allow a hit until a single by Albert Pujols with two outs in the fourth inning . He walked Martin Maldonado with one out in the fifth	True
Nolasco tied a season-high by yielding eight hits with two runs in seven innings to extend his losing streak to five games , which ties a career high . The home run to McCann moved him ahead of Fiers for most homers allowed in the American League this season with 19 . Fiers did n't allow a hit until a single by Albert Pujols with two outs in the fourth inning . He walked Martin Maldonado with one out in the fifth and hit Eric Young Jr. with a pitch with two outs . But the Angels did n't have another baserunner until Ben Revere reached on an error by Carlos Correa to start the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Luis Valbuena singled with one out to chase Fiers , who was replaced by Chris Devenski . Revere and pinch-runner Danny Espinosa then pulled off a double steal before the Angels got within 1 when Revere scored on a groundout by Andrelton Simmons . But Devenski struck out Kole Calhoun to limit the damage . Carlos Correa provided an insurance run with an RBI single with one out in the eighth	True
Carrera led off the eighth inning with his fifth homer of the season to break a 2-all tie , Morales and Smoak each added long balls and the Blue Jays continued their reliance on the home run in a 4 - 2 win over the Mariners on Saturday night . Morales ' two - run shot in the fourth inning , his 12th	False
Carrera led off the eighth inning with his fifth homer of the season to break a 2-all tie , Morales and Smoak each added long balls and the Blue Jays continued their reliance on the home run in a 4 - 2 win over the Mariners on Saturday night . Morales ' two - run shot in the fourth inning , his 12th of the season , stood as Toronto 's only hit until the seventh	True
Stroman struck out six and walked none , and the Blue Jays have won the last seven games he has started . Seattle 's only earned run off Stroman came on back-to-back singles by Nelson Cruz and Kyle Seager in the second inning , helped by a wild pitch that got Cruz into scoring position . Joe Smith got out of a jam in the eighth	True
Stroman struck out six and walked none , and the Blue Jays have won the last seven games he has started . Seattle 's only earned run off Stroman came on back-to-back singles by Nelson Cruz and Kyle Seager in the second inning , helped by a wild pitch that got Cruz into scoring position . Joe Smith got out of a jam in the eighth by striking out Seager and getting Taylor Motter to ground out after Seattle had runners at the corners and one out . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth	True
Joe Smith got out of a jam in the eighth by striking out Seager and getting Taylor Motter to ground out after Seattle had runners at the corners and one out . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 15th save as Seattle again failed to climb above the .500 mark after reaching the break-even point for the third time this season . Seattle starter Ariel Miranda allowed just two hits in 6 1/3 innings but was pulled in the seventh	True
Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs for the Cardinals , who have won two straight against the Phillies after their seven - game skid on their recent trip . Martinez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed four hits and walked one . Martinez 's 101st pitch of the game was a 100 mph fastball that struck out Howie Kendrick for the second	True
Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs for the Cardinals , who have won two straight against the Phillies after their seven - game skid on their recent trip . Martinez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed four hits and walked one . Martinez 's 101st pitch of the game was a 100 mph fastball that struck out Howie Kendrick for the second out in the ninth	True
Martinez survived a scare in the seventh inning when he was hit by a pitch on his pitching hand from Phillies reliever Jeanmar Gomez . He was down on the ground briefly but got up and stayed in the game . He later scored from third base on a sacrifice fly by Gyorko . The Cardinals gave Martinez all the run support he would need with a four - run fourth	True
Martinez survived a scare in the seventh inning when he was hit by a pitch on his pitching hand from Phillies reliever Jeanmar Gomez . He was down on the ground briefly but got up and stayed in the game . He later scored from third base on a sacrifice fly by Gyorko . The Cardinals gave Martinez all the run support he would need with a four - run fourth , which tied their season high for runs in an inning , and then three runs in the seventh	True
Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) , making his sixth career start , allowed four runs and four hits in five innings , with four walks and two strikeouts . St. Louis added three runs in the seventh	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Lance McCullers flirted with a no-hitter and the Houston Astros ' offense took control in the ninth inning . McCullers took a no-hitter into the seventh inning and Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer in a five - run ninth	True
Lorenzo Cain 's one - out triple in the seventh ended McCuller 's no-hit bid . Cain drilled a 3 - 0 pitch to center . He scored on Mike Moustakas ' two - out single to tie the score . McCullers walked Jorge Bonifacio with one out in the first	True
Lorenzo Cain 's one - out triple in the seventh ended McCuller 's no-hit bid . Cain drilled a 3 - 0 pitch to center . He scored on Mike Moustakas ' two - out single to tie the score . McCullers walked Jorge Bonifacio with one out in the first , and Alcides Escobar in the sixth	False
Yost no longer can motion in Wade Davis and Greg Holland from the bullpen like he did when the Royals went to back-to-back World Series in 2014 - 15 . The only run off Hammel came on a balk in the sixth inning . Nori Aoki hit a ground ball single to left to lead off the inning and went to third	False
Yost no longer can motion in Wade Davis and Greg Holland from the bullpen like he did when the Royals went to back-to-back World Series in 2014 - 15 . The only run off Hammel came on a balk in the sixth inning . Nori Aoki hit a ground ball single to left to lead off the inning and went to third on George Springer 's single . Hammel made a move to throw to first	False
That ability was displayed amply against the Pittsburgh Pirates , who had a seemingly secure lead before being victimized by Baltimore 's firepower Tuesday night . Jonathan Schoop tied it in the ninth inning with his second homer of the game and Mark Trumbo singled home a run in the 10th	True
Jonathan Schoop tied it in the ninth inning with his second homer of the game and Mark Trumbo singled home a run in the 10th to rally the Orioles to a 6 - 5 victory . Baltimore trailed 4 - 1 after six innings and 5 - 3 in the ninth	True
Baltimore trailed 4 - 1 after six innings and 5 - 3 in the ninth . Schoop 's two - run drive off closer Tony Watson knotted it at 5 , setting the stage for Trumbo 's big hit . Adam Jones singled with one out in the 10th	True
Baltimore trailed 4 - 1 after six innings and 5 - 3 in the ninth . Schoop 's two - run drive off closer Tony Watson knotted it at 5 , setting the stage for Trumbo 's big hit . Adam Jones singled with one out in the 10th against Wade LeBlanc ( 3 - 1 ) and took second	False
Although a single won it , the four home runs that preceded it were pivotal . Pirates starter Ivan Nova gave up three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He yielded a solo homer to Seth Smith to begin the game , then departed with left knee inflammation after allowing back-to-back shots to Chris Davis and Schoop to start the seventh	True
Pirates starter Ivan Nova gave up three runs and five hits in six - plus innings . He yielded a solo homer to Seth Smith to begin the game , then departed with left knee inflammation after allowing back-to-back shots to Chris Davis and Schoop to start the seventh . Nova was poised to earn his ninth career win against Baltimore -- his most against any team -- until Schoop connected in the ninth	True
`` We did n't have much going , '' Trumbo acknowledged . `` It happened pretty quick , and when you do it against these top relievers it 's rare . '' Davis opened the ninth	True
Davis opened the ninth with a single before Schoop teed off on an 0 - 1 pitch . Brad Brach ( 1 - 1 ) worked the 10th	False
Robert Gsellman ( 4 - 3 ) won his second consecutive start -- likely his last before a move to the bullpen . The rookie tossed 5 1/3 effective innings before Fernando Salas escaped a first-and-third jam , and New York 's shaky relief corps delivered for a change . Jerry Blevins worked around an error in a scoreless seventh	True
First baseman Lucas Duda provided defensive help with a terrific catch in foul territory , and Reed threw 36 pitches to close it out . It was the first	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- A. J. Hinch is n't getting caught up in the streaks or all the impressive things the Houston Astros are doing this season . Their manager is just relishing each victory , and the Astros have 40 of them after winning their major league-best ninth	True
Their manager is just relishing each victory , and the Astros have 40 of them after winning their major league-best ninth in a row with a 6 - 5 victory over the Texas Rangers on Saturday night . Carlos Beltran had three hits and drove in three runs , Jose Altuve capped his three - hit game with a key homer leading off the ninth	True
Six Astros pitchers combined for 18 strikeouts , which came only nine days after Rangers hitters matched an MLB record for a nine - inning game with 20 strikeouts against five Boston pitchers . That included four strikeouts by second baseman Rougned Odor hitting fifth	True
Six Astros pitchers combined for 18 strikeouts , which came only nine days after Rangers hitters matched an MLB record for a nine - inning game with 20 strikeouts against five Boston pitchers . That included four strikeouts by second baseman Rougned Odor hitting fifth . His first three strikeouts came with runners in scoring position , and the last ended the game with a runner at first	False
Beltran 's seventh homer leading off the second tied the game at 1-all after the Rangers got a quick run off Lance McCullers in his first start since being named the AL pitcher of the month in May . The Astros went ahead to stay after six straight batters reached with one out in the third	True
The Astros went ahead to stay after six straight batters reached with one out in the third , and four of them scored . Carlos Correa had a tiebreaking RBI single before Beltran 's two - run single off Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) . Chris Devenski ( 4 - 3 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings after taking over for McCullers in the fifth	True
The Astros went ahead to stay after six straight batters reached with one out in the third , and four of them scored . Carlos Correa had a tiebreaking RBI single before Beltran 's two - run single off Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) . Chris Devenski ( 4 - 3 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings after taking over for McCullers in the fifth . Ken Giles worked the ninth	True
Gonzalez warmed up before the game using a ball bearing Fernandez 's number and initials . But once he took the mound , his emotions did n't show . But he tired in the ninth	True
Gonzalez quickly heard from his wife . The game was the Nationals ' first	False
Gonzalez quickly heard from his wife . The game was the Nationals ' first at Marlins Park since ace Max Scherzer took a no-hitter into the eighth	True
The game was the Nationals ' first at Marlins Park since ace Max Scherzer took a no-hitter into the eighth but lost on June 21 . There has been only one no-hitter in the majors this year -- Miami 's Edinson Volquez threw it at Marlins Park against Arizona . Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) matched zeros with Gonzalez until the sixth	True
Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) matched zeros with Gonzalez until the sixth , when Bryce Harper 's RBI single put the Nationals ahead . Urena allowed just three hits in eight innings . The closest Miami came to a hit before the ninth came when shortstop Wilmer Difo made a diving backhanded grab of Miguel Rojas ' soft line drive in the sixth	True
The closest Miami came to a hit before the ninth came when shortstop Wilmer Difo made a diving backhanded grab of Miguel Rojas ' soft line drive in the sixth . Gonzalez made the Marlins look bad at times . To end the sixth	True
Matt Davidson singled in Leury Garcia for his second game-ending hit in as many days , and the White Sox rallied to beat Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Monday night after losing Moncada to a right knee injury . Adam Engel sparked the winning rally with a one - out single against Roberto Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) . Leury Garcia was hit by a pitch , putting runners on first	False
Matt Davidson singled in Leury Garcia for his second game-ending hit in as many days , and the White Sox rallied to beat Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Monday night after losing Moncada to a right knee injury . Adam Engel sparked the winning rally with a one - out single against Roberto Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) . Leury Garcia was hit by a pitch , putting runners on first and second	False
After Tyler Saladino struck out swinging , Jose Abreu tied it at 6 with a single to right . Davidson followed with another base hit into center , and then was mobbed by his teammates as he ran around the infield . The White Sox trailed 6 - 1 before they scored four times in the eighth	True
Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , helped by right fielder Alen Hanson bringing in a foul popup tipped into the air by first baseman Abreu . Josh Donaldson , Russell Martin and Justin Smoak homered for Toronto , which lost for the third time in four games . Darwin Barney got a three - run double on a frightening play in the sixth	True
Pearce became just third player to hit two game-ending grand slams in the same season , joining Cy Williams ( Phillies , 1926 ) and Jim Presley ( Seattle , 1986 ) . Presley later served as Pearce 's hitting coach with the Orioles . On two prior occasions , the Blue Jays had won games by scoring five runs in the ninth	True
On two prior occasions , the Blue Jays had won games by scoring five runs in the ninth . Toronto trailed 10 - 4 heading into the ninth	True
Pujols entered hitless in his previous 24 at-bats , two shy of matching his career-worst skid , but snapped out of the slump with a two - run drive off Cesar Valdez in the first inning . It was his first hit since July 22 against Boston . Pujols finished 3 - for - 5 with four RBIs . He hit a run-scoring single in the third	True
Pujols entered hitless in his previous 24 at-bats , two shy of matching his career-worst skid , but snapped out of the slump with a two - run drive off Cesar Valdez in the first inning . It was his first hit since July 22 against Boston . Pujols finished 3 - for - 5 with four RBIs . He hit a run-scoring single in the third and struck out in the fourth	True
Pujols entered hitless in his previous 24 at-bats , two shy of matching his career-worst skid , but snapped out of the slump with a two - run drive off Cesar Valdez in the first inning . It was his first hit since July 22 against Boston . Pujols finished 3 - for - 5 with four RBIs . He hit a run-scoring single in the third and struck out in the fourth before connecting for a solo homer off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth	True
It was just the second win in eight games for the Pirates , who ended the Padres ' four - game winning streak . McCutchen , a five - time All-Star and the 2013 NL MVP , has 22 homers . He connected with two outs in the first	True
It was just the second win in eight games for the Pirates , who ended the Padres ' four - game winning streak . McCutchen , a five - time All-Star and the 2013 NL MVP , has 22 homers . He connected with two outs in the first off left-hander Clayton Richard , with the ball clearing the fence just out of the reach of center fielder Manuel Margot . He homered into the Padres ' bullpen in left-center in the eighth	True
It was just the second win in eight games for the Pirates , who ended the Padres ' four - game winning streak . McCutchen , a five - time All-Star and the 2013 NL MVP , has 22 homers . He connected with two outs in the first off left-hander Clayton Richard , with the ball clearing the fence just out of the reach of center fielder Manuel Margot . He homered into the Padres ' bullpen in left-center in the eighth off rookie Jose Torres and then homered with two outs in the ninth	True
McCutchen , a five - time All-Star and the 2013 NL MVP , has 22 homers . He connected with two outs in the first off left-hander Clayton Richard , with the ball clearing the fence just out of the reach of center fielder Manuel Margot . He homered into the Padres ' bullpen in left-center in the eighth off rookie Jose Torres and then homered with two outs in the ninth , again off Torres . This was McCutchen 's third multihomer game of the season and 15th	False
McCutchen , a five - time All-Star and the 2013 NL MVP , has 22 homers . He connected with two outs in the first off left-hander Clayton Richard , with the ball clearing the fence just out of the reach of center fielder Manuel Margot . He homered into the Padres ' bullpen in left-center in the eighth off rookie Jose Torres and then homered with two outs in the ninth , again off Torres . This was McCutchen 's third multihomer game of the season and 15th of his career . He also made a nice diving catch in center field to end the eighth	True
McCutchen scored four runs . Pinch-hitter Josh Bell homered in the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Josh Bell homered in the ninth , his 19th . Cole ( 9 - 7 ) , who lives in Santa Ana and played at UCLA , won his second straight start and third decision in a row . His only big mistake was allowing a home run by rookie Dusty Coleman to center field with one out in the seventh	True
Pinch-hitter Josh Bell homered in the ninth , his 19th . Cole ( 9 - 7 ) , who lives in Santa Ana and played at UCLA , won his second straight start and third decision in a row . His only big mistake was allowing a home run by rookie Dusty Coleman to center field with one out in the seventh , his second	False
Cole was a happy witness to McCutchen 's big day . The Pirates scored three runs in the sixth	True
Richard ( 5 - 12 ) gave up seven hits and four runs in six innings , struck out five and walked two . Richard notched his MLB-leading seventh pickoff when he caught Cole too far off the bag after reaching on a single in the third	True
Richard notched his MLB-leading seventh pickoff when he caught Cole too far off the bag after reaching on a single in the third . San Diego first baseman Jose Pirela made an impressive catch of a foul ball by Chris Stewart while diving into the stands to end the top of the eighth	True
Beltre became the first player from the Dominican Republic , and 31st overall , to join the 3,000-hit club in the major leagues . Jonathan Schoop and Welington Castillo homered in a five - run fifth	True
Beltre became the first player from the Dominican Republic , and 31st overall , to join the 3,000-hit club in the major leagues . Jonathan Schoop and Welington Castillo homered in a five - run fifth for a 9 - 2 Orioles lead . Castillo also had the last of three consecutive RBI singles off lefty Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) in the fourth	True
The Orioles lefty also got one of his five strikeouts when Beltre went down swinging in the second inning . Rougned Odor homered twice and drove in five runs for Texas . His two - run single in the fourth scored Beltre , who reached on a wild pitch after striking out in the eighth	True
Rougned Odor homered twice and drove in five runs for Texas . His two - run single in the fourth scored Beltre , who reached on a wild pitch after striking out in the eighth before Odor 's second homer . Nomar Mazara also went deep . Orioles closer Zach Britton came on with two on in the ninth	True
After winning 3 - 1 at Wrigley Field on Monday , the White Sox dropped three in a row by a combined score of 21 - 8 . The Cubs won the season series for the first time since they went 4 - 0 against the White Sox in 2013 . Garcia 's leadoff drive in the third put the White Sox in front , but the Cubs went ahead to stay with three in the fourth	True
Rizzo led off with a drive to right-center for his 24th homer . Willson Contreras then walked and Schwarber belted an opposite-field shot to left for his 16th of the season . Schwarber added a run-scoring triple in the sixth	True
Rizzo led off with a drive to right-center for his 24th homer . Willson Contreras then walked and Schwarber belted an opposite-field shot to left for his 16th of the season . Schwarber added a run-scoring triple in the sixth against David Holmberg and a solo drive off Aaron Bummer in the eighth	True
New York has won consecutive series after going 0 - 8 - 8 in series after sweeping Baltimore from June 9 - 11 . The Yankees , one game behind AL East-leading Boston , have stabilized by winning eight of 12 following a 7 - 19 slide . Severino ( 7 - 4 ) did not allow a runner past second base until the seventh	True
New York has won consecutive series after going 0 - 8 - 8 in series after sweeping Baltimore from June 9 - 11 . The Yankees , one game behind AL East-leading Boston , have stabilized by winning eight of 12 following a 7 - 19 slide . Severino ( 7 - 4 ) did not allow a runner past second base until the seventh , when he allowed a pair of unearned runs after Gregorius misplayed Scott Schebler 's leadoff grounder to shortstop . Severino struck out nine -- eight swinging -- many on a devastating slider . He threw 48 fastballs , 43 sliders and 21 changeups . And he made a nifty barehand grab to throw out Jose Peraza on a chopper for the final out in the seventh	True
Severino was 5 - 3 with a 2.89 ERA in the final two months of the 2015 season but was demoted to the minors for long stretches last year and even sent to the bullpen , finishing 3 - 8 with a 5.83 ERA with the Yankees . Mixing his pitches and showing better control , he has allowed one earned run in 21 innings since the All-Star break . Gregorius hit his fourth homer in three games for the Yankees , who have won five of six heading into a series against AL rival Tampa Bay . Acquired last week from the Chicago White Sox , Todd Frazier hit a solo homer against Tony Cingrani that capped a five - run seventh	True
Cincinnati has lost three straight and is 2 - 11 since the All-Star break . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) lost his third start in a row , giving up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . Rookie Clint Frazier , taking advantage of playing time while Aaron Hicks recovers from an oblique strain , hit RBI singles in the third	True
Cincinnati has lost three straight and is 2 - 11 since the All-Star break . Homer Bailey ( 2 - 5 ) lost his third start in a row , giving up seven runs -- five earned -- and 10 hits in six - plus innings . Rookie Clint Frazier , taking advantage of playing time while Aaron Hicks recovers from an oblique strain , hit RBI singles in the third and fifth innings , and Chase Headley hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Rookie Clint Frazier , taking advantage of playing time while Aaron Hicks recovers from an oblique strain , hit RBI singles in the third and fifth innings , and Chase Headley hit an RBI single in the sixth and scored on Ronald Torreyes ' groundout . Throwing errors by shortstop Jose Peraza and first baseman Joey Votto made the runs unearned . Eugenio Suarez stopped Severino 's scoreless streak at 17 innings with an RBI double in the seventh	True
Rookie Clint Frazier , taking advantage of playing time while Aaron Hicks recovers from an oblique strain , hit RBI singles in the third and fifth innings , and Chase Headley hit an RBI single in the sixth and scored on Ronald Torreyes ' groundout . Throwing errors by shortstop Jose Peraza and first baseman Joey Votto made the runs unearned . Eugenio Suarez stopped Severino 's scoreless streak at 17 innings with an RBI double in the seventh and scored on Tucker Barnhart 's groundout . Adam Duvall added a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Rookie Jordan Montgomery took a no-hit try into the sixth inning , and Didi Gregorius hit his third homer in two games to boost the AL East contenders . Last-place Cincinnati lost for the 10th time in 12 games . Billy Hamilton 's bid for a tying extra-base hit in the eighth	True
Rookie Jordan Montgomery took a no-hit try into the sixth inning , and Didi Gregorius hit his third homer in two games to boost the AL East contenders . Last-place Cincinnati lost for the 10th time in 12 games . Billy Hamilton 's bid for a tying extra-base hit in the eighth was thwarted when pinch-hitter Zack Cozart , out of the starting lineup to rest his tender quadriceps , hobbled into third	False
Frazier made the two - hour drive from his hometown of Toms River near the Jersey shore , and the veteran third baseman had his own personal rooting section in tow . With three on and none out in the second inning , Frazier hit a hard grounder up the middle that shortstop Jose Peraza gloved . Peraza quickly stepped on second	False
Frazier made the two - hour drive from his hometown of Toms River near the Jersey shore , and the veteran third baseman had his own personal rooting section in tow . With three on and none out in the second inning , Frazier hit a hard grounder up the middle that shortstop Jose Peraza gloved . Peraza quickly stepped on second and threw to first	False
At least there was some consolation for Frazier -- a run scored , rarely seen on a triple play , because Matt Holliday scampered home before Gregorius was trapped . It was the Reds ' first triple play since 1995 , and the first	False
Peraza started in place of Cozart . Peraza was part of a three - team trade involving Frazier in 2015 . Montgomery ( 7 - 5 ) held the Reds hitless until Scott Schebler broke an 0 - for - 20 slump with a leadoff double in the sixth	True
DETROIT -- The Kansas City Royals are playing with confidence right now in the late innings . Salvador Perez and Mike Moustakas hit consecutive homers in the 12th	True
Salvador Perez and Mike Moustakas hit consecutive homers in the 12th , and the Royals won their sixth straight game , 5 - 3 over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night . Six of Kansas City 's last eight victories have come in the team 's final at-bat , and on this night , the bullpen held off Detroit long enough for the Royals to break through . Hours after the Royals helped their pitching staff by acquiring Trevor Cahill and two relievers in a trade with San Diego , Kansas City outlasted the Tigers to stay 1 1/2 games behind first-place Cleveland in the AL Central . Jorge Bonifacio also homered for the Royals , who won despite squandering a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Hours after the Royals helped their pitching staff by acquiring Trevor Cahill and two relievers in a trade with San Diego , Kansas City outlasted the Tigers to stay 1 1/2 games behind first-place Cleveland in the AL Central . Jorge Bonifacio also homered for the Royals , who won despite squandering a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) , one of seven relievers used by Kansas City , pitched a hitless 11th	True
Drew VerHagen ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing the homers to Perez and Moustakas in his third inning of work . Perez put the Royals up 4 - 3 with his 20th homer of the year , a line drive that stayed inside the foul pole in left field , to lead off the 12th	True
Kansas City starter Jason Hammel allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . Kansas City scored first	False
Kansas City starter Jason Hammel allowed three runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . Kansas City scored first when Bonifacio came home on a wild pitch in the fourth	True
Kansas City scored first when Bonifacio came home on a wild pitch in the fourth . Moustakas added a sacrifice fly later that inning to make it 2 - 0 . Bonifacio led off the sixth	True
Billy Hamilton had three hits and stole a pair of bases to increase his major league-leading total to 43 as the Reds finished a 2 - 8 homestand in which they allowed 23 homers and 72 runs . Opponents reached double figures in scoring four times . Rookie right-hander Sal Romano ( 2 - 2 ) made his fourth	False
Billy Hamilton had three hits and stole a pair of bases to increase his major league-leading total to 43 as the Reds finished a 2 - 8 homestand in which they allowed 23 homers and 72 runs . Opponents reached double figures in scoring four times . Rookie right-hander Sal Romano ( 2 - 2 ) made his fourth and longest big league start , overcoming humid conditions allowing one run and three hits over six innings . A. J. Ellis homered in the fourth	True
Miami 's Giancarlo Stanton went 0 for 4 and finished the series without a home run . The NL home run leader had connected in three straight first innings entering the series . He did throw out a pair of runners from right field , getting Barnhart at the plate in the second inning on Hamilton 's RBI single and Joey Votto at third base in the sixth	True
Tom Koehler ( 1 - 5 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He is 0 - 4 in eight starts since winning at San Diego on April 23 . Koehler also fielded Votto 's comebacker with runners at the corners in the fifth	True
`` It was just a terrible throw , '' he added . `` I thought I had more time than I did and I threw it away . Now you 've got to throw more pitches . Everything frustrating . I was frustrated with the whole game , but no one 's going to feel sorry for me . The Reds are n't going to feel sorry for me when I see them again on Friday . '' Gennett 's 17th homer broke a 1 - 1 tie leading off the fourth	True
`` It was just a terrible throw , '' he added . `` I thought I had more time than I did and I threw it away . Now you 've got to throw more pitches . Everything frustrating . I was frustrated with the whole game , but no one 's going to feel sorry for me . The Reds are n't going to feel sorry for me when I see them again on Friday . '' Gennett 's 17th homer broke a 1 - 1 tie leading off the fourth , and Suarez started the sixth	True
`` It was just a terrible throw , '' he added . `` I thought I had more time than I did and I threw it away . Now you 've got to throw more pitches . Everything frustrating . I was frustrated with the whole game , but no one 's going to feel sorry for me . The Reds are n't going to feel sorry for me when I see them again on Friday . '' Gennett 's 17th homer broke a 1 - 1 tie leading off the fourth , and Suarez started the sixth with his 16th homer , his fourth	False
Brian Goodwin 's leadoff homer ignited a four - run first inning off Robbie Ray ( 9 - 5 ) , who lasted five innings , allowing five runs . Bryce Harper singled in the first	True
Bryce Harper singled in the first to extend his hitting streak to 16 games . Wilmer Difo hit his second home run of the season off reliever T. J. McFarland in the seventh	True
Difo and Harper singled and Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 . Daniel Murphy walked and Anthony Rendon singled in a run . Jose Lobaton capped the scoring with a two - out RBI single before Strasburg bounced into a fielder 's choice to end Ray 's 39-pitch inning . Arizona broke through with two runs in the fifth	True
Arizona broke through with two runs in the fifth . Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run . With runners at first	False
Arizona broke through with two runs in the fifth . Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run . With runners at first and third	False
Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run . With runners at first and third and one out , Blanton came on to strike out Paul Goldschmidt and got Chris Owings to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks had runners at second	False
Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run . With runners at first and third and one out , Blanton came on to strike out Paul Goldschmidt and got Chris Owings to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks had runners at second and third	False
Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run . With runners at first and third and one out , Blanton came on to strike out Paul Goldschmidt and got Chris Owings to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks had runners at second and third with one out in the sixth	True
Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run . With runners at first and third and one out , Blanton came on to strike out Paul Goldschmidt and got Chris Owings to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks had runners at second and third with one out in the sixth but Enny Romero struck out A. J. Pollock and Descalso bounced out to second	False
Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run . With runners at first and third and one out , Blanton came on to strike out Paul Goldschmidt and got Chris Owings to ground into a fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks had runners at second and third with one out in the sixth but Enny Romero struck out A. J. Pollock and Descalso bounced out to second . Romero left the game in the seventh	True
Manny Machado followed with a single and Jonathan Schoop chased McHugh with a shot that wasted no time clearing the left-field wall . Gurriel shaved the margin with a two - run drive off Chris Tillman in the sixth	True
Braves manager Brian Snitker saw the same thing from the Atlanta dugout . Taylor , who entered the game as part of a double-switch in the seventh	True
Taylor , who entered the game as part of a double-switch in the seventh , led off the bottom of the inning by driving an 0 - 1 pitch from Julio Teheran 400 feet into the left field bleachers , giving the Dodgers a 4 - 2 lead . Taylor added a two - run triple off reliever Luke Jackson with two outs in the eighth	True
Hill ( 7 - 4 ) struck out eight as he held the Braves to two runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings , winning his third decision over his last four starts . Seager put Los Angeles ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
Hill ( 7 - 4 ) struck out eight as he held the Braves to two runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings , winning his third decision over his last four starts . Seager put Los Angeles ahead 1 - 0 in the first by crushing a 93 mph , 3 - 2 fastball from Teheran ( 7 - 8 ) 10 rows into the centerfield bleachers with one out in the first	True
Seager put Los Angeles ahead 1 - 0 in the first by crushing a 93 mph , 3 - 2 fastball from Teheran ( 7 - 8 ) 10 rows into the centerfield bleachers with one out in the first . The blast , Seager 's 16th of the season , was measured at 433 feet . Utley made it 2 - 0 by leading off the third	True
Utley made it 2 - 0 by leading off the third with his sixth home run . The game turned the Dodgers ' way with two outs in the sixth	True
Utley made it 2 - 0 by leading off the third with his sixth home run . The game turned the Dodgers ' way with two outs in the sixth . The score was tied 2 - 2 with Yasmani Grandal on third	False
However , as Grandal approached the plate , he put his fists to his chin , bracing for a collision , and , as Flowers tagged him on his forearms , jarred the ball loose , giving the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . The Braves had tied the game 2 - 2 on Matt Kemp 's RBI single with two outs in the fifth	True
The Braves had tied the game 2 - 2 on Matt Kemp 's RBI single with two outs in the fifth . One batter earlier , Freddie Freeman drove in Atlanta 's first run with a groundout . Kemp , Atlanta 's left fielder , made the defensive play of the game to end the bottom of the fourth	True
After the start was delayed nearly two hours , Urena ( 8 - 4 ) allowed one run with two walks and four strikeouts . He also hit Scott Schebler with a pitch -- twice . Urena and three relievers limited the Reds to one extra-base hit : Scooter Gennett 's double . AJ Ramos worked the ninth	True
Urena and three relievers limited the Reds to one extra-base hit : Scooter Gennett 's double . AJ Ramos worked the ninth for his 18th save . The Reds , who allowed a team-record 20 homers during the first seven games of the homestand , kept National League home run leader Giancarlo Stanton and his teammates in the park . The homer-less game was the fourth	False
The Reds , who allowed a team-record 20 homers during the first seven games of the homestand , kept National League home run leader Giancarlo Stanton and his teammates in the park . The homer-less game was the fourth this season and 101st in the 15-year , 1,185-game history of Great American Ball Park . Homer Bailey , in his sixth start since coming off the disabled list following February elbow surgery , turned in five shutout innings after Miami scored two in the first	True
Homer Bailey , in his sixth start since coming off the disabled list following February elbow surgery , turned in five shutout innings after Miami scored two in the first . Bailey ( 2 - 4 ) gave up eight hits with two walks and three strikeouts . Dee Gordon dumped a single into short left field to lead off the game . He went to third	False
Homer Bailey , in his sixth start since coming off the disabled list following February elbow surgery , turned in five shutout innings after Miami scored two in the first . Bailey ( 2 - 4 ) gave up eight hits with two walks and three strikeouts . Dee Gordon dumped a single into short left field to lead off the game . He went to third on Stanton 's double and scored on Yelich 's groundout . Stanton scored on Bailey 's wild pitch as he was striking out Marcell Ozuna . Bailey avoided further damage when third baseman Eugenio Suarez snared J. T. Realmuto 's hard line drive and doubled Marcell Ozuna off third	False
Dee Gordon dumped a single into short left field to lead off the game . He went to third on Stanton 's double and scored on Yelich 's groundout . Stanton scored on Bailey 's wild pitch as he was striking out Marcell Ozuna . Bailey avoided further damage when third baseman Eugenio Suarez snared J. T. Realmuto 's hard line drive and doubled Marcell Ozuna off third . Schebler scored the Reds ' only run on Billy Hamilton 's sacrifice fly in the third	True
Schebler scored the Reds ' only run on Billy Hamilton 's sacrifice fly in the third . Urena left the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Urena left the bases loaded in the fourth when he got Tucker Barnhart to line out to Stanton in right . Barnhart hit his only career grand slam off Urena last August . Yelich capitalized on Gennett 's throwing error at second base on a potential double-play ball in the seventh	True
Paul DeJong hit a tiebreaking two - run double in St. Louis ' highest-scoring inning of the season , and the Cardinals cooled off the Chicago Cubs with an 11 - 4 victory on Friday . Chicago carried a 3 - 2 lead into the eighth	True
Paul DeJong hit a tiebreaking two - run double in St. Louis ' highest-scoring inning of the season , and the Cardinals cooled off the Chicago Cubs with an 11 - 4 victory on Friday . Chicago carried a 3 - 2 lead into the eighth , looking for its seventh consecutive win . But St. Louis ' first 11 batters reached in its biggest inning since it scored nine in the eighth	True
Chicago carried a 3 - 2 lead into the eighth , looking for its seventh consecutive win . But St. Louis ' first 11 batters reached in its biggest inning since it scored nine in the eighth against the Cubs on Aug. 30 , 2014 , at Busch Stadium . The Cardinals made the most of a combined six walks by three relievers while improving to 4 - 4 since the All-Star break . St. Louis blew a late one - run lead in a 3 - 2 loss to the New York Mets on Thursday . The game ended when reliever Trevor Rosenthal was late covering first	False
Chicago carried a 3 - 2 lead into the eighth , looking for its seventh consecutive win . But St. Louis ' first 11 batters reached in its biggest inning since it scored nine in the eighth against the Cubs on Aug. 30 , 2014 , at Busch Stadium . The Cardinals made the most of a combined six walks by three relievers while improving to 4 - 4 since the All-Star break . St. Louis blew a late one - run lead in a 3 - 2 loss to the New York Mets on Thursday . The game ended when reliever Trevor Rosenthal was late covering first on Jose Reyes ' winning single with two outs in the ninth	True
The Cardinals were off and running from there . Carson Kelly hit a two - run double in his first game since being recalled from Triple-A Memphis . Tommy Pham 's two - run single made it 11 - 3 before Dexter Fowler bounced into a double play . When DeJong , the 14th batter of the inning , struck out swinging with runners on second	False
The Cardinals were off and running from there . Carson Kelly hit a two - run double in his first game since being recalled from Triple-A Memphis . Tommy Pham 's two - run single made it 11 - 3 before Dexter Fowler bounced into a double play . When DeJong , the 14th batter of the inning , struck out swinging with runners on second and third	False
The Cubs played without third baseman Kris Bryant , who sprained his left little finger on a headfirst slide in the first inning of Chicago 's 8 - 2 victory at Atlanta on Wednesday . X-rays were negative , but Bryant is experiencing soreness and there is some concern about gripping a bat . Fowler had three hits for St. Louis , and Randal Grichuk homered in his return from a lower back injury . Matt Bowman ( 2 - 3 ) got the final out of the seventh	True
Galvis gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning when he ripped his 11th homer into the right-field seats . Brett Phillips cut it to 2 - 1 when he hit an opposite-field drive to left in the second	True
Brett Phillips cut it to 2 - 1 when he hit an opposite-field drive to left in the second . The Phillies broke it open against reliever Carlos Torres in the sixth	True
Conforto hit a pair of two - run homers and Jerry Blevins rescued the bullpen with a five - out save as New York held off the Oakland Athletics 7 - 5 on Friday night for its third straight victory . T. J. Rivera put the Mets ahead in the sixth inning with a two - run single that turned into a Little League home run . Rivera came all the way around to score on the play after third baseman Matt Chapman , trying to get Rivera at second	False
Moments earlier , New York loaded the bases when Lucas Duda 's bad-hop infield single struck first baseman Ryon Healy near the temple . Healy left the game and walked off under his own power with a swollen bruise next to his left eye . Conforto 's second homer made it 7 - 3 in the seventh	True
Moments earlier , New York loaded the bases when Lucas Duda 's bad-hop infield single struck first baseman Ryon Healy near the temple . Healy left the game and walked off under his own power with a swollen bruise next to his left eye . Conforto 's second homer made it 7 - 3 in the seventh . Oakland rallied for two in the eighth	False
Moments earlier , New York loaded the bases when Lucas Duda 's bad-hop infield single struck first baseman Ryon Healy near the temple . Healy left the game and walked off under his own power with a swollen bruise next to his left eye . Conforto 's second homer made it 7 - 3 in the seventh . Oakland rallied for two in the eighth , but Blevins replaced closer Addison Reed with the bases loaded and got five straight outs against his former team for his fifth major league save and first	False
Marcus Semien had four hits and two RBI for Oakland in his first multihit game this year after spending much of the season on the disabled list . Conforto connected in the third	True
Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs , six hits and five walks in four innings . It ended his four - game winning streak against Boston . Pitching in just his third game off the disabled list for a blister issue on his middle finger , the same problem contributed to his early exit Wednesday . A baserunning error early in the second almost derailed Boston 's big inning . Chris Young led off with a double , and Jackie Bradley Jr. followed with a single . After Bradley stole second	False
Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs , six hits and five walks in four innings . It ended his four - game winning streak against Boston . Pitching in just his third game off the disabled list for a blister issue on his middle finger , the same problem contributed to his early exit Wednesday . A baserunning error early in the second almost derailed Boston 's big inning . Chris Young led off with a double , and Jackie Bradley Jr. followed with a single . After Bradley stole second , Christian Vazquez hit a sharp grounder to first baseman Justin Smoak . He stepped on the bag for the out , and then caught Young hung up between third	False
The AL West leaders took two of three from the Twins coming out of the All-Star break . Houston trailed in the fourth	True
Houston trailed in the fourth before Yuli Gurriel doubled , Marwin Gonzalez walked and Aoki hit a two - run double for a 3 - 2 lead . The Astros added a couple of insurance runs in the seventh thanks to alert baserunning . Jake Marisnick walked , stole second base and scored on an error by first baseman Kennys Vargas . Jose Altuve doubled , stole third	False
Houston trailed in the fourth before Yuli Gurriel doubled , Marwin Gonzalez walked and Aoki hit a two - run double for a 3 - 2 lead . The Astros added a couple of insurance runs in the seventh thanks to alert baserunning . Jake Marisnick walked , stole second base and scored on an error by first baseman Kennys Vargas . Jose Altuve doubled , stole third and dashed home when Josh Reddick was thrown out at first	False
The Astros added a couple of insurance runs in the seventh thanks to alert baserunning . Jake Marisnick walked , stole second base and scored on an error by first baseman Kennys Vargas . Jose Altuve doubled , stole third and dashed home when Josh Reddick was thrown out at first on a third strike that got away . Twins manager Paul Molitor lamented his team 's inability to handle Houston 's running in the seventh	True
Fiers ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs on four hits and no walks . He had walked eight combined in his last two starts . Ken Giles gave up a run in the ninth	True
Vargas and Ehire Adrianza hit solo homers for Minnesota . Kyle Gibson ( 5 - 8 ) yielded four runs in six - plus innings . Vargas gave the Twins a 1 - 0 lead with his shot to right-center in the second	True
Vargas gave the Twins a 1 - 0 lead with his shot to right-center in the second . The Astros tied it in the bottom half on singles by Alex Bregman , Aoki and Marisnick . Adrianza put the Twins back on top when he hit his first homer of the season in the third	True
Adrianza put the Twins back on top when he hit his first homer of the season in the third . Robbie Grossman singled with two outs in the third	True
Adrianza put the Twins back on top when he hit his first homer of the season in the third . Robbie Grossman singled with two outs in the third before Fiers retired six in a row . Adrianza singled with two outs in the fifth	False
Adrianza put the Twins back on top when he hit his first homer of the season in the third . Robbie Grossman singled with two outs in the third before Fiers retired six in a row . Adrianza singled with two outs in the fifth , but he was picked off at first	False
Adrianza put the Twins back on top when he hit his first homer of the season in the third . Robbie Grossman singled with two outs in the third before Fiers retired six in a row . Adrianza singled with two outs in the fifth , but he was picked off at first to end the inning and Fiers did n't allow another baserunner before he was replaced by Chris Devenski to start the eighth	True
The Brewers honored more than 20 members of the 1982 AL championship team in a 30-minute pregame ceremony . Hall of Famer Robin Yount , Cecil Cooper , Charlie Moore , Gorman Thomas , among others , were cheered with arguably the loudest for the original team owner , former MLB commissioner and 2017 Hall of Fame inductee , Bud Selig . The St. Louis Cardinals won their ninth championship by edging the Brewers 4 - 3 in the 1982 World Series . It was the Cardinals ' 13th trip to the Series and the Brewers ' first	False
Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win when got out of jam in the top of the eighth thanks to a slick double play after walking two batters . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth	True
Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances . He struck out Tommy Joseph for his 45th consecutive appearance with a strikeout to start the season , a major league record . Odubel Herrera squeezed a double down the third-base line with two outs , but Cameron Rupp went down swinging to end the game . Herrera pulled the Phillies even with a solo shot off Jimmy Nelson in the seventh	True
Herrera pulled the Phillies even with a solo shot off Jimmy Nelson in the seventh . Nelson went 6 2/3 innings , struck out nine , walked two and missed a chance to match his career-best four consecutive wins . Hernan Perez made it 2 - 1 for Milwaukee with a home run off Aaron Nola leading off the Brewers ' sixth	True
Hernan Perez made it 2 - 1 for Milwaukee with a home run off Aaron Nola leading off the Brewers ' sixth . Nola pitched four scoreless innings , but lost a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Nola pitched four scoreless innings , but lost a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Thames smashed a two - out RBI double . Nola 's streak of four straight starts of seven innings or more ended when Pat Neshek took over to start the seventh	True
He knew it could have been better . Nelson cruised through the first four innings , allowing one hit and striking out seven , but cost himself a run in the fifth	True
Fulmer ( 10 - 6 ) won his fourth straight start , giving up one run and two hits while walking one and striking out three . Kendrys Morales had a clean single in the second inning , but the Blue Jays did n't get another hit until Troy Tulowitzki 's infield single in the eighth	True
Francisco Liriano ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing five runs , three hits and four walks in two - plus innings . He struck out two . Castellanos gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Francisco Liriano ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing five runs , three hits and four walks in two - plus innings . He struck out two . Castellanos gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his 11th homer , and Jose Iglesias made it 2 - 0 with an RBI single in the second	True
Castellanos gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his 11th homer , and Jose Iglesias made it 2 - 0 with an RBI single in the second . Liriano lost the strike zone in the third	True
Mike Bolsinger entered the game , and Martinez hit his first pitch for a two - run single . Mikie Mahtook made it 5 - 0 later in the inning with a sacrifice fly . Jose Bautista of the Blue Jays led off the fourth	True
Mike Bolsinger entered the game , and Martinez hit his first pitch for a two - run single . Mikie Mahtook made it 5 - 0 later in the inning with a sacrifice fly . Jose Bautista of the Blue Jays led off the fourth with a walk , took second	False
Jose Bautista of the Blue Jays led off the fourth with a walk , took second on a wild pitch and scored on groundouts by Martin and Josh Donaldson . The Tigers regained their five - run lead in the sixth	True
The Tigers regained their five - run lead in the sixth when Upton 's groundout scored Iglesias . Cabrera followed with a two - run homer to left , making it 8 - 1 . Martinez hit a three - run homer off Aaron Loup in the eighth	True
Freeman has three homers in seven games since coming off the disabled list on July 4 . The biggest hit for the left-handed hitting Freeman was the line drive to left field against the shift with runners on second	False
Freeman has three homers in seven games since coming off the disabled list on July 4 . The biggest hit for the left-handed hitting Freeman was the line drive to left field against the shift with runners on second and third	False
Freeman has three homers in seven games since coming off the disabled list on July 4 . The biggest hit for the left-handed hitting Freeman was the line drive to left field against the shift with runners on second and third in the eighth	True
Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said he considered walking Freeman . The Diamondbacks lead the majors with 29 comeback wins and were in position for No . 30 when Chris Owings scored the tiebreaking run on a wild pitch in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks lead the majors with 29 comeback wins and were in position for No . 30 when Chris Owings scored the tiebreaking run on a wild pitch in the eighth . The Braves answered quickly against Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) . Ender Inciarte beat second baseman Brandon Drury 's throw to first	False
The Diamondbacks lead the majors with 29 comeback wins and were in position for No . 30 when Chris Owings scored the tiebreaking run on a wild pitch in the eighth . The Braves answered quickly against Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) . Ender Inciarte beat second baseman Brandon Drury 's throw to first for an infield single and raced to third	False
Freeman has a hit in each of his seven games since coming off the DL and is hitting .352 . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) recorded the last out in the eighth	True
Freeman has a hit in each of his seven games since coming off the DL and is hitting .352 . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) recorded the last out in the eighth . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven and nine of 12 . Taijuan Walker allowed two runs in six innings . The Braves scored a run off Walker in the first	True
The Braves scored a run off Walker in the first when Inciarte led off with a double to left field and scored on a two - out single by Matt Kemp . The Diamondbacks tied it with four straight singles off R. A. Dickey in the sixth	True
Freddy Galvis hit two of his team 's six home runs , Jerad Eickhoff threw five shutout innings , and the Phillies topped the San Diego Padres 7 - 1 to break their five - game slide . Rookie outfielder Nick Williams began the run of homers with his first	False
Cameron Rupp followed two batters later with another solo homer and Galvis hit a two - run shot in the third inning . Odubel Herrera and Aaron Altherr added solo home runs in sixth	True
Cameron Rupp followed two batters later with another solo homer and Galvis hit a two - run shot in the third inning . Odubel Herrera and Aaron Altherr added solo home runs in sixth and seventh innings respectively and Galvis went back-to-back after Altherr 's for his second	False
The win snapped a three - game losing streak by the White Sox and denied the Rockies ' bid for successive wins for the first time in three weeks . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save , striking out the last two batters , including Charlie Blackmon on a disputed called third strike . Blackmon heatedly argued the call with plate umpire Sam Holbrook , claiming it was low , and threw his helmet and bat to the ground after getting tossed . Manager Bud Black also was ejected for arguing the call with Holbrook . Trailing 4 - 3 in the eighth	True
Trailing 4 - 3 in the eighth , Colorado evened the score when Mark Reynolds hit a leadoff triple off reliever Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) and scored on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly . After Willy Garcia hit a one - out triple in the fourth	True
After Willy Garcia hit a one - out triple in the fourth , pitcher Jose Quintana lifted a sacrifice fly to left to give the White Sox a 4 - 2 lead . Colorado pulled within a run in the sixth	True
Jeff Hoffman went seven innings for Colorado , allowing four runs on seven hits . The White Sox jumped on Hoffman for three runs in the first	True
The White Sox jumped on Hoffman for three runs in the first , hitting two of their three triples in the game . With two outs , Jose Abreu tripled off the right-field wall before Todd Frazier walked . Yolmer Sanchez followed by tripling over the head of center fielder Blackmon . Kevan Smith singled Sanchez home . The Rockies responded in their half of the first	True
Votto 's National League-leading 26th home run of the year gave the Reds a 3 - 0 lead with an out yet to be recorded . Hamilton 's two - out single in the fourth drove in Barnhart for a 4 - 0 lead , and Gennett 's home run , a line drove over the right-field fence in the fifth	True
Walker ( 6 - 4 ) was done after five innings , allowing five runs and five hits with four strikeouts and three walks . Castillo allowed two hits in the bottom of the seventh	True
Castillo allowed two hits in the bottom of the seventh , the closest Arizona came to scoring . Wandy Peralta came on to get the final out of the inning . Barnhart 's second home run of the season came in the ninth	True
Stroman ( 9 - 5 ) said the All-Star snub fueled him against the high-scoring Astros . He allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , leading the way as Toronto beat Houston for the 10th time in their last 13 meetings . Josh Donaldson and Troy Tulowitzki each hit a three - run homer for Toronto , which has won four of five . All-Star Justin Smoak added an RBI double in the seventh	True
Josh Donaldson and Troy Tulowitzki each hit a three - run homer for Toronto , which has won four of five . All-Star Justin Smoak added an RBI double in the seventh . Marwin Gonzalez homered in the ninth	False
Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) pitched six innings in his first road loss since Aug. 14 , also in Toronto . He was charged with three runs and five hits . All-Star Chris Devenski replaced him for the seventh	True
All-Star Chris Devenski replaced him for the seventh and gave up four runs off three hits in one inning of work . George Springer put Houston in front with a run-scoring double in the third	True
George Springer put Houston in front with a run-scoring double in the third . It was the sixth RBI of the series for Springer . Fiers opened with four hitless innings before running into trouble in the fifth	True
Fiers opened with four hitless innings before running into trouble in the fifth . After plunking Jose Bautista and giving up a hit to Russell Martin , the right-hander surrendered his first home run since May 25 when Donaldson hit a drive to left-center for his ninth	False
Marwin Gonzalez and Carlos Beltran homered for the Astros , handed a rare defeat on the road . The AL West leaders fell to 31 - 10 away from home as All-Star pitcher Lance McCullers Jr. ( 7 - 2 ) lost for the first time since April . After failing to score despite loading the bases loaded in the first	True
Marwin Gonzalez and Carlos Beltran homered for the Astros , handed a rare defeat on the road . The AL West leaders fell to 31 - 10 away from home as All-Star pitcher Lance McCullers Jr. ( 7 - 2 ) lost for the first time since April . After failing to score despite loading the bases loaded in the first , the Blue Jays trailed 2 - 1 before batting around in a five - run fifth	True
Andrew McCutchen added three hits with two doubles for the Pirates , who have won three straight . Bell made up for his third-inning defensive gaffe with a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Andrew McCutchen added three hits with two doubles for the Pirates , who have won three straight . Bell made up for his third-inning defensive gaffe with a two - run homer in the fourth before a go-ahead RBI double in the eighth	False
Kuhl ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in a career-high seven innings . Juan Nicasio pitched a perfect ninth	True
Juan Nicasio pitched a perfect ninth for his first save . After Bell 's homer made it 2 - 1 , two batters later Polanco lined starter Jeremy Hellickson 's changeup into the seats in right to give the Pirates a two - run lead . Bell later broke a 3-all tie in the eighth	True
Aaron Altherr had two hits and two RBI for the Phillies . Altherr tied it at 3 in the seventh	True
Escobar 's triple followed an RBI single from Sano and a two - run single from Max Kepler and gave the Twins a 5 - 2 lead after they had fallen behind in the second inning on Mark Trumbo 's two - run homer . The line drive from Escobar caromed off the corner of the right-field scoreboard and bounced away from Seth Smith , bringing the crowd to its feet as Escobar chugged for third	False
Jose Berrios ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . Tyler Duffey , Taylor Rogers and Brandon Kintzler each pitched a scoreless inning with Kintzler getting his 23rd save . Berrios worked with men on base most of the night but limited the damage nicely after Trumbo 's homer . The Orioles slugger was up again in the third	True
Berrios worked with men on base most of the night but limited the damage nicely after Trumbo 's homer . The Orioles slugger was up again in the third with the bases loaded but grounded out to short to end the inning . Baltimore also had the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Baltimore also had the bases loaded in the seventh against Duffey , but Trey Mancini grounded out to short , stranding three of the Orioles ' 10 men left on base in the game . Mancini made a mistake in the Twins ' six - run inning when he tried to force Byron Buxton out at second base instead of taking the easy out at first	False
He credited battery mate Vogt , the veteran whom the Brewers claimed off waivers from Oakland last week , for his pitch calls and defense behind the plate . The Brewers jumped ahead on Vogt 's two - run homer in the second	True
He credited battery mate Vogt , the veteran whom the Brewers claimed off waivers from Oakland last week , for his pitch calls and defense behind the plate . The Brewers jumped ahead on Vogt 's two - run homer in the second off Orioles starter Ubaldo Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) . Vogt has three home runs since joining the Brewers . Keon Broxton followed with a bunt single , then stole second	False
The Brewers jumped ahead on Vogt 's two - run homer in the second off Orioles starter Ubaldo Jimenez ( 3 - 4 ) . Vogt has three home runs since joining the Brewers . Keon Broxton followed with a bunt single , then stole second and scored on Orlando Arcia 's single . Thames belted a solo home run off Jimenez with one out in the fifth	True
Thames belted a solo home run off Jimenez with one out in the fifth . With two outs in the inning , Shaw hit a solo shot as the lead ballooned to 5 - 0 . The Orioles got a run in the seventh	False
The Orioles got a run in the seventh on Joey Rickard 's run-scoring single . The Orioles had two on with one out but Nelson fanned the last two batters to end the threat . Nelson yelled and pumped his arms as he left the field . Milwaukee extended the lead to 6 - 1 in the seventh	True
Milwaukee extended the lead to 6 - 1 in the seventh on Thames ' second homer of the game . Thames has gone deep 23 times this season . Jonathan Schoop hit a solo homer for Baltimore in the ninth	True
Bench coach Brad Mills ran the team in Francona 's absence . Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) yielded five hits and walked one , but Cleveland 's defense let him down in the fifth	True
Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) yielded five hits and walked one , but Cleveland 's defense let him down in the fifth when All-Star shortstop Francisco Lindor and second baseman Jason Kipnis failed to turn double plays on consecutive grounders . Padres starter Trevor Cahill pitched 4 1/3 innings , and Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) retired All-Star Michael Brantley on a groundout with the bases loaded to end the fifth	True
Kluber ( 7 - 3 ) yielded five hits and walked one , but Cleveland 's defense let him down in the fifth when All-Star shortstop Francisco Lindor and second baseman Jason Kipnis failed to turn double plays on consecutive grounders . Padres starter Trevor Cahill pitched 4 1/3 innings , and Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) retired All-Star Michael Brantley on a groundout with the bases loaded to end the fifth . Kirby Yates , Ryan Buchter , All-Star Brad Hand and Brandon Maurer , who worked the ninth	True
Padres starter Trevor Cahill pitched 4 1/3 innings , and Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) retired All-Star Michael Brantley on a groundout with the bases loaded to end the fifth . Kirby Yates , Ryan Buchter , All-Star Brad Hand and Brandon Maurer , who worked the ninth for his 17th save , completed the shutout . Jose Ramirez was thrown out at home trying to score from third	False
Padres starter Trevor Cahill pitched 4 1/3 innings , and Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) retired All-Star Michael Brantley on a groundout with the bases loaded to end the fifth . Kirby Yates , Ryan Buchter , All-Star Brad Hand and Brandon Maurer , who worked the ninth for his 17th save , completed the shutout . Jose Ramirez was thrown out at home trying to score from third on a grounder in the second	True
Spangenberg 's fielder 's choice scored the lone run . The inning started when Hector Sanchez singled and Carlos Asuaje walked . Lindor fielded Erick Aybar 's grounder but chose to go to second base himself instead of throwing to Kipnis , who was waiting at the bag . Lindor got the out at second	False
Spangenberg 's fielder 's choice scored the lone run . The inning started when Hector Sanchez singled and Carlos Asuaje walked . Lindor fielded Erick Aybar 's grounder but chose to go to second base himself instead of throwing to Kipnis , who was waiting at the bag . Lindor got the out at second but had no play at first	False
Spangenberg 's fielder 's choice scored the lone run . The inning started when Hector Sanchez singled and Carlos Asuaje walked . Lindor fielded Erick Aybar 's grounder but chose to go to second base himself instead of throwing to Kipnis , who was waiting at the bag . Lindor got the out at second but had no play at first . Kipnis fielded Spangenberg 's grounder , but bobbled the ball taking it out of his glove . Aybar was forced at second	False
Spangenberg 's fielder 's choice scored the lone run . The inning started when Hector Sanchez singled and Carlos Asuaje walked . Lindor fielded Erick Aybar 's grounder but chose to go to second base himself instead of throwing to Kipnis , who was waiting at the bag . Lindor got the out at second but had no play at first . Kipnis fielded Spangenberg 's grounder , but bobbled the ball taking it out of his glove . Aybar was forced at second , but Spangenberg beat the throw to first	False
Nearly three months and many innings later , the Mariners teetered on the edge of another late-inning belly flop in Anaheim before Diaz confidently pulled them back . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer in the eighth and James Paxton retired the first 16 Angels he faced in the Mariners ' 5 - 3 victory over Los Angeles . Cano 's shot off the right-field pole put Seattle up 5 - 1 in the eighth	True
Yet the Mariners claim they heard no echoes of that bullpen collapse in Anaheim on April 9 , when a 9 - 3 lead turned into a 10 - 9 loss . Cameron Maybin and pinch-hitter Nick Franklin drove in runs off Vincent in the eighth	True
Cameron Maybin and pinch-hitter Nick Franklin drove in runs off Vincent in the eighth , but Mark Rzepczynski got Kole Calhoun on a popup . Diaz then induced an inning-ending groundout from Albert Pujols , but only with Danny Valencia barely keeping his foot on first	False
Diaz then induced an inning-ending groundout from Albert Pujols , but only with Danny Valencia barely keeping his foot on first while catching Jean Segura 's poor throw . Diaz returned for the ninth	True
MIAMI -- Giancarlo Stanton 's amazing August ended with his worst game of the month . The major league home run leader flied out in the ninth	True
Neris struck out J. T. Realmuto with the bases loaded to end the game for his 17th save . The Marlins went 2 for 14 with runners in scoring position , and they are 3 for 36 in those situations this week . In addition , pinch-hitter Tomas Telis was called out for interference sprinting to first	False
Neris struck out J. T. Realmuto with the bases loaded to end the game for his 17th save . The Marlins went 2 for 14 with runners in scoring position , and they are 3 for 36 in those situations this week . In addition , pinch-hitter Tomas Telis was called out for interference sprinting to first in the eighth	True
R.A Dickey ( 9 - 8 ) struck out nine over eight innings and the Braves won for the first time this season in nine games at Citizens Bank Park . The Phillies lead the season series 12 - 3 and saw a seven - game winning streak against Atlanta snapped . Inciarte singled his first four times up and hit a two - out triple in the seventh	True
R.A Dickey ( 9 - 8 ) struck out nine over eight innings and the Braves won for the first time this season in nine games at Citizens Bank Park . The Phillies lead the season series 12 - 3 and saw a seven - game winning streak against Atlanta snapped . Inciarte singled his first four times up and hit a two - out triple in the seventh . He walked in the ninth	True
Atlanta third baseman Brandon Phillips singled for his 2,000th career hit and extended his hitting streak to 14 games . The 36-year-old Phillips was surprised to see his mother , who made the trip from Georgia , in the stands holding a congratulatory sign and cheering on his milestone . The Braves took out the frustration of a season 's worth of defeats on Philadelphia over the first three innings , scoring eight runs . Freddie Freeman hit a two - run homer off Jerad Eickhoff ( 4 - 8 ) in the first	True
Dickey was solid on the mound and helped himself at the plate . With runners on first	False
Dickey was solid on the mound and helped himself at the plate . With runners on first and second	False
`` C'mon , you 're up by eight ! '' one fan yelled from the stands . Dickey swung away and blooped a single over the drawn-in infield to load the bases . Inciarte 's fourth single of the game gave the Braves a 9 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Eickhoff struggled from the start , and he clearly had trouble finding velocity on his fastball . There was negligible difference between his fastball and his offs-peed pitches and the Braves were the beneficiaries . Freeman 's 23rd homer of the season made it 3 - 0 , and Eickhoff left after allowing six hits and six runs in two - plus innings . Phillies rookie Rhys Hoskins was baffled by Dickey 's knuckleball and flailed at strike three in the fourth	True
Eickhoff struggled from the start , and he clearly had trouble finding velocity on his fastball . There was negligible difference between his fastball and his offs-peed pitches and the Braves were the beneficiaries . Freeman 's 23rd homer of the season made it 3 - 0 , and Eickhoff left after allowing six hits and six runs in two - plus innings . Phillies rookie Rhys Hoskins was baffled by Dickey 's knuckleball and flailed at strike three in the fourth . Hoskins singled in the seventh	True
Sale has not allowed a run in 22 innings against the Blue Jays this season . After Toronto DH Kendrys Morales hit a one - out double in the second inning , Sale retired 17 consecutive batters before Morales singled to begin the eighth	True
Toronto has lost nine of 11 . Sale caught Pillar looking at strike three in the second	True
Promoted from Triple-A Buffalo to make his first start for the Blue Jays , left-hander Brett Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run in 5 2/3 innings Boston 's Eduardo Nunez doubled in the first	True
Boston 's Eduardo Nunez doubled in the first and tried to score on a two - out single by Mookie Betts , but was thrown out at home plate by right fielder Jose Bautista . After Morales doubled in the second	True
Boston 's Eduardo Nunez doubled in the first and tried to score on a two - out single by Mookie Betts , but was thrown out at home plate by right fielder Jose Bautista . After Morales doubled in the second , Sale and Anderson combined to retire 22 consecutive batters before Boston 's Rajai Davis hit a two - out single in the sixth	True
Boston 's Eduardo Nunez doubled in the first and tried to score on a two - out single by Mookie Betts , but was thrown out at home plate by right fielder Jose Bautista . After Morales doubled in the second , Sale and Anderson combined to retire 22 consecutive batters before Boston 's Rajai Davis hit a two - out single in the sixth . Davis stole second	False
Anderson left after Andrew Benintendi followed with an infield single . Dominic Leone came on and retired Betts to end the inning . Ramirez hit a two - out drive off Leone in the sixth	True
Cameron Maybin started the first inning with a double and scored on Revere 's single . Andrelton Simmons added a sacrifice fly . Cron 's 11th homer landed in the Angels ' bullpen in left field , and the early 5 - 0 advantage led to A 's relievers getting loose nearby . Cron added a long solo shot to center in the eighth	True
Oakland starter Chris Smith ( 0 - 4 ) did n't fare much better than Scribner . Smith went 3 2/3 innings and allowed seven runs -- six earned -- on five hits and two walks . Maldonado added a solo homer in the fourth	True
Maldonado added a solo homer in the fourth to extend the Angels ' lead to 6 - 2 . Revere got his second RBI on a single that scored Maybin . Oakland got home runs from Joyce and Matt Olson in the second	True
Boston leads the second-place Yankees by 3 1/2 games after New York lost 6 - 2 against Cleveland . The Yankees and Red Sox begin a four - game series in New York on Thursday . The Red Sox also overcame yet another crazy catch by Pillar , who dived to make a sensational play on the warning track and take a hit away from Mookie Betts in the sixth	True
Toronto lost for the eighth time in 10 games and dropped to 1 - 6 at home against the Red Sox . They 've been outscored 47 - 22 in those games . The Blue Jays are 3 - 8 overall against the Red Sox . Vazquez singled in the second	True
Toronto lost for the eighth time in 10 games and dropped to 1 - 6 at home against the Red Sox . They 've been outscored 47 - 22 in those games . The Blue Jays are 3 - 8 overall against the Red Sox . Vazquez singled in the second and fifth innings , homered in the seventh	True
Toronto lost for the eighth time in 10 games and dropped to 1 - 6 at home against the Red Sox . They 've been outscored 47 - 22 in those games . The Blue Jays are 3 - 8 overall against the Red Sox . Vazquez singled in the second and fifth innings , homered in the seventh and doubled in the eighth	True
Drew Pomeranz ( 14 - 4 ) allowed three runs in six innings to win his eighth straight decision , extending his career-long stretch . Pomeranz , who escaped a bases-loaded jam in the fifth	True
Pomeranz , who escaped a bases-loaded jam in the fifth , stranded eight Blue Jays baserunners . Addison Reed and Brandon Workman each worked one inning of relief , and Craig Kimbrel pitched around Justin Smoak 's two - out , two - run homer in the ninth	True
Addison Reed and Brandon Workman each worked one inning of relief , and Craig Kimbrel pitched around Justin Smoak 's two - out , two - run homer in the ninth to earn for his 30th save in 34 chances . Pomeranz entered with an 11 1/3-inning scoreless streak but could n't add to it against Toronto , surrendering a two - run double to Kendrys Morales in the first	True
Pomeranz entered with an 11 1/3-inning scoreless streak but could n't add to it against Toronto , surrendering a two - run double to Kendrys Morales in the first . Batting seventh	False
Pomeranz entered with an 11 1/3-inning scoreless streak but could n't add to it against Toronto , surrendering a two - run double to Kendrys Morales in the first . Batting seventh in the order for the first time this season , Red Sox designated hitter Hanley Ramirez doubled in the second	True
Batting seventh in the order for the first time this season , Red Sox designated hitter Hanley Ramirez doubled in the second on a ball that outfielder Steve Pearce appeared to lose in the lights . Ramirez later scored on a throwing error by catcher Raffy Lopez . Ramirez singled off Danny Barnes ( 2 - 5 ) to begin the seventh	True
It was the fourth shutout and ninth complete game for the former Notre Dame wide receiver . Once Panik hit his two - run shot in the eighth	True
It was the fourth shutout and ninth complete game for the former Notre Dame wide receiver . Once Panik hit his two - run shot in the eighth to give the Giants their 3 - 0 lead , Samardzija knew he 'd be going back out for the ninth	True
`` We did n't do anything to put pressure on him . There were a lot of empty at-bats , but he threw the ball well . '' Crawford homered to right-center off Jhoulys Chacin leading off the fourth	True
`` We did n't do anything to put pressure on him . There were a lot of empty at-bats , but he threw the ball well . '' Crawford homered to right-center off Jhoulys Chacin leading off the fourth , his 12th	False
`` We did n't do anything to put pressure on him . There were a lot of empty at-bats , but he threw the ball well . '' Crawford homered to right-center off Jhoulys Chacin leading off the fourth , his 12th . Panik hit a two - run shot off the right-field foul pole off Phil Maton with one out in the eighth	True
`` We did n't do anything to put pressure on him . There were a lot of empty at-bats , but he threw the ball well . '' Crawford homered to right-center off Jhoulys Chacin leading off the fourth , his 12th . Panik hit a two - run shot off the right-field foul pole off Phil Maton with one out in the eighth , his eighth	False
Amed Rosario hit a solo homer in the eighth inning to lift New York to a 6 - 5 win in the first game . Doolittle gave up an RBI single to Jose Reyes with two outs in the ninth	True
Tanner Roark pitched six innings of three - run ball and Adam Lind had a homer and two RBI for Washington in the nightcap . Anthony Rendon and Wilmer Difo each added two hits , and Washington took advantage of four straight walks -- three by reliever Hansel Robles ( 7 - 5 ) -- in the sixth inning to force a split of the four - game series . With a runner on first	False
Brandon Nimmo homered in the late game and added a single for the Mets . Reyes had three hits . Lind 's 11th homer of the season provided a vital insurance run in the eighth	True
After blowing a five - run lead in the first game , the Mets regained it and cut down the potential tying run at the plate for the final out . Rosario fell behind in the count 0 - 2 against Joe Blanton ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the eighth	True
Rosario fell behind in the count 0 - 2 against Joe Blanton ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the eighth before launching a shot to center for the rookie 's fourth home run . With two outs in the ninth	False
Rosario fell behind in the count 0 - 2 against Joe Blanton ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the eighth before launching a shot to center for the rookie 's fourth home run . With two outs in the ninth and pitcher Edwin Jackson pinch-running at first base , ex-Met Murphy sent a sharp grounder into right-center field for a double . When rookie right fielder Travis Taijeron booted the ball , Jackson was waved around third	False
Lagares , quickly backing up Taijeron , grabbed the ball and threw to second baseman Asdrubal Cabrera , who relayed a strike to catcher Travis d'Arnaud in time to get Jackson as he made a headfirst slide into home . Cabrera 's three - run homer in the first	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Khris Davis sees no need to talk up his home run-hitting power from the past two seasons , even after he had a career-high 42 last season and brought his 2017 total to 36 with two more Friday night . Davis , wearing `` Khrush '' on his jersey for Players Weekend , hit a go-ahead homer leading off the seventh	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Khris Davis sees no need to talk up his home run-hitting power from the past two seasons , even after he had a career-high 42 last season and brought his 2017 total to 36 with two more Friday night . Davis , wearing `` Khrush '' on his jersey for Players Weekend , hit a go-ahead homer leading off the seventh after his tying solo shot in the fourth	True
Kendall Graveman ( 4 - 4 ) struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven innings , improving to 3 - 0 at home in his fifth start back from a stint on the disabled list . He allowed one run and nine hits . Davis notched his 15th career multihomer game and fourth	False
Kendall Graveman ( 4 - 4 ) struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven innings , improving to 3 - 0 at home in his fifth start back from a stint on the disabled list . He allowed one run and nine hits . Davis notched his 15th career multihomer game and fourth this season , then Matt Chapman added an RBI single insurance run in the seventh	True
Davis notched his 15th career multihomer game and fourth this season , then Matt Chapman added an RBI single insurance run in the seventh . Adrian Beltre hit an RBI single in the first	True
Sale ( 14 - 6 ) was tagged for seven runs on seven hits and three walks in just three innings . The Indians , held to a combined four hits by the Red Sox in the previous two games , erupted against one of the top contenders for the AL Cy Young Award and roughed up Boston 's bullpen . The Indians scored four times in the second inning and added three more in the second	True
The Indians were held to one hit by Boston 's Doug Fister on Tuesday -- a leadoff home run by Lindor . Cleveland had three hits Wednesday , with the only run coming on Edwin Encarnacion 's homer . Sale also had to dodge a piece of a broken bat that sailed past the mound in the second	True
Rockies manager Bud Black said he prefers not to take Holland out of his closer 's role . The former Royals closer issued a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
The former Royals closer issued a leadoff walk in the ninth , gave up a two - out single to Melky Cabrera and then was tagged by Hosmer on a 1 - 1 pitch . Brandon Maurer ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the ninth	True
Blackmon hit his career-high 30th . He became the first National League leadoff man to reach 30 home runs since Hanley Ramirez of the Marlins in 2008 . Arenado , who has homered in back-to-back games , hit his 29th in the first	True
Rockies rookie Antonio Senzatela allowed nine hits but just two runs in five innings . Ian Kennedy failed to make it out of the fifth	True
Ubaldo Jimenez gave up three home runs , two by Ryon Healy , and the Orioles lost to the Oakland Athletics 6 - 4 on Tuesday night to fall another notch in the wild-card chase . The Athletics used homers by Jed Lowrie and Healy to take a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning , and Healy connected in the fifth	True
The Athletics used homers by Jed Lowrie and Healy to take a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning , and Healy connected in the fifth for a five - run cushion . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The Athletics used homers by Jed Lowrie and Healy to take a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning , and Healy connected in the fifth for a five - run cushion . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the sixth for Baltimore and Jonathan Schoop singled in two runs in the eighth	True
The Athletics used homers by Jed Lowrie and Healy to take a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning , and Healy connected in the fifth for a five - run cushion . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the sixth for Baltimore and Jonathan Schoop singled in two runs in the eighth to make it 5 - 4 , but Khris Davis blunted the comeback with his 34th home run in the ninth	True
Dan Straily ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and two hits -- homers to Rhys Hoskins and Cameron Rupp -- while striking out 10 in six innings . Marcell Ozuna also went deep for the Marlins in a six - run sixth	True
Dan Straily ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and two hits -- homers to Rhys Hoskins and Cameron Rupp -- while striking out 10 in six innings . Marcell Ozuna also went deep for the Marlins in a six - run sixth and J. T. Realmuto hit a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Aaron Nola ( 9 - 9 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings in his second straight poor start after 10 excellent outings in a row . After Christian Yelich gave the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
After Christian Yelich gave the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double , Hoskins drove a two - run shot out to center for his sixth homer in eight games . It was initially ruled a double , but overturned on replay . Stanton ripped an RBI double for a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Kevin Kiermaier and Adeiny Hechavarria homered for the Rays , who snapped a four - game skid and won for the first time in six tries against Seattle this season . Snell , who ended a streak of 16 winless starts with a victory Tuesday at Toronto , gave up a leadoff single to Nelson Cruz in the second inning and another single to Robinson Cano in the eighth	True
`` You ca n't control what just happened , you can only control what 's going to happen , '' Snell reminded himself . `` Any at-bat against a really good hitter is going to be a big at-bat , especially when you know with one bad pitch , he can capitalize . '' Snell ( 2 - 6 ) struck out eight and walked two , winning consecutive starts for the first time in his career . Alex Colome pitched the ninth	True
Cruz 's single extended his hitting streak to 12 games . Kiermaier led off the bottom of the first	True
Cruz 's single extended his hitting streak to 12 games . Kiermaier led off the bottom of the first with a home run against Yovani Gallardo , his eighth	False
Kiermaier led off the bottom of the first with a home run against Yovani Gallardo , his eighth of the season . It was the first home run since June 2 for Kiermaier , who missed 61 games with a broken hip . Hechavarria 's third home run of the year , second since being acquired from Miami , came with a runner on in the seventh	True
The Orioles still have a shot at the playoffs , too , but they 're going to need an LA-like surge . Baltimore has dropped eight of 12 and has n't won two in a row since Aug. 5 - 7 . With the score 4-all in the eighth	True
Cam Bedrosian ( 3 - 2 ) worked one hitless inning and Bud Norris got three outs for his 19th save . Calhoun hit a solo shot in the second inning , walked three times and scored three runs . Simmons ' two - run homer put Los Angeles up 4 - 1 in the sixth	True
Facing his former team for the second time in 13 days , Parker Bridwell gave up four runs , two earned , and six hits in five - plus innings . Bridwell was traded to Los Angeles from Baltimore in April for cash and a player to be named . Bridwell took a three - run lead into the sixth	True
Bridwell took a three - run lead into the sixth , but a throwing error by second baseman Cliff Pennington led to a two - run single by Jonathan Schoop and an RBI double by Mark Trumbo . Adam Jones was forced to stop at third	False
Manager Andy Green thought the Padres could have capitalized a few times against Jackson . `` He left some pitches in the middle of the plate , and we did n't . From my perspective Edwin was pretty solid today . Usually if he 's commanding the ball , not walking people , he 's got good stuff . And his slider was real . '' Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth	True
Leake ( 7 - 11 ) got the loss and has failed to win in his last four starts . He has yielded 28 hits and 15 earned runs in 15 1/3 innings over his last three outings . Nearly everyone had a hand in the Red Sox 's offensive onslaught in the fifth	True
Nearly everyone had a hand in the Red Sox 's offensive onslaught in the fifth . Eduardo Nunez and Mookie Betts reached on consecutive singles with one out , then Leake loaded the bases by hitting Andrew Benintendi 's left knee with a pitch . Benintendi needed a few moments to shake off the pain before jogging to first	False
Leake intentionally walked rookie Rafael Devers , loading the bases once again , and Bogaerts and Mitch Moreland followed with RBI singles to put Boston up 5 - 0 . Bowman replaced Leake after Moreland 's single and allowed a two - run double by Leon , Boston 's 10th hit of the game and sixth	True
Bradley , whose fly out to left remained the only out of the inning , singled to right bringing in two more runs and Nunez followed with his second single of the inning . Betts popped out to first	False
Bradley , whose fly out to left remained the only out of the inning , singled to right bringing in two more runs and Nunez followed with his second single of the inning . Betts popped out to first for the second	True
By the end of the inning , Los Angeles had batted around in taking a 6 - 1 lead . Pinch-hitter Austin Barnes and Corey Seager each added a two - run single . Petricka relieved Aaron Bummer with the bases loaded . Cody Bellinger grounded into a fielder 's choice and stole second	False
Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) got the win with an inning of scoreless relief . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . The Dodgers tied the game 1-all in the sixth	True
The Dodgers tied the game 1-all in the sixth on Logan Forsythe 's sacrifice fly . Chicago led 1 - 0 after Tim Anderson hit his 14th homer on the first pitch of the game from Wood , who remained 14 - 1 . The left-hander retired 14 of 15 batters after giving up a single in the second	True
Rougned Odor had three hits and scored three times in a 6 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night , including the go-ahead run after he reached on a bunt single and came home when Delino DeShields executed a safety squeeze bunt that he did on his own . DeShields actually hesitated coming out of the box , thinking the bunt would go foul , and still almost beat catcher James McCann 's throw to first	False
Rougned Odor had three hits and scored three times in a 6 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night , including the go-ahead run after he reached on a bunt single and came home when Delino DeShields executed a safety squeeze bunt that he did on his own . DeShields actually hesitated coming out of the box , thinking the bunt would go foul , and still almost beat catcher James McCann 's throw to first . Odor , who had gotten to third	False
Rougned Odor had three hits and scored three times in a 6 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night , including the go-ahead run after he reached on a bunt single and came home when Delino DeShields executed a safety squeeze bunt that he did on his own . DeShields actually hesitated coming out of the box , thinking the bunt would go foul , and still almost beat catcher James McCann 's throw to first . Odor , who had gotten to third with a stolen base after McCann threw behind him trying to pick him off second	False
Rougned Odor had three hits and scored three times in a 6 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night , including the go-ahead run after he reached on a bunt single and came home when Delino DeShields executed a safety squeeze bunt that he did on his own . DeShields actually hesitated coming out of the box , thinking the bunt would go foul , and still almost beat catcher James McCann 's throw to first . Odor , who had gotten to third with a stolen base after McCann threw behind him trying to pick him off second , raced home to break a 2-all tie in the second	True
DeShields actually hesitated coming out of the box , thinking the bunt would go foul , and still almost beat catcher James McCann 's throw to first . Odor , who had gotten to third with a stolen base after McCann threw behind him trying to pick him off second , raced home to break a 2-all tie in the second and put Texas ahead to stay . Gallo 's 33rd homer overall and eighth	False
DeShields actually hesitated coming out of the box , thinking the bunt would go foul , and still almost beat catcher James McCann 's throw to first . Odor , who had gotten to third with a stolen base after McCann threw behind him trying to pick him off second , raced home to break a 2-all tie in the second and put Texas ahead to stay . Gallo 's 33rd homer overall and eighth in August , a shot to center in the third	True
Gallo 's 33rd homer overall and eighth in August , a shot to center in the third that made it 4 - 2 , was estimated by MLB stats at coming off the bat at 112 mph and going 428 feet . An inning later , Odor had a leadoff double , went to third	False
Gallo 's 33rd homer overall and eighth in August , a shot to center in the third that made it 4 - 2 , was estimated by MLB stats at coming off the bat at 112 mph and going 428 feet . An inning later , Odor had a leadoff double , went to third on a sac bunt and scored on Drew Robinson 's single . Odor singled again in the sixth	True
Gallo 's 33rd homer overall and eighth in August , a shot to center in the third that made it 4 - 2 , was estimated by MLB stats at coming off the bat at 112 mph and going 428 feet . An inning later , Odor had a leadoff double , went to third on a sac bunt and scored on Drew Robinson 's single . Odor singled again in the sixth , got to third	False
An inning later , Odor had a leadoff double , went to third on a sac bunt and scored on Drew Robinson 's single . Odor singled again in the sixth , got to third on a stolen base and throwing error by McCann , and scored for the third time on a single by Robinson Chirinos . Martin Perez ( 7 - 10 ) had a second straight solid start for Texas . The lefty made it through six innings without giving up any more runs after Justin Upton 's 23rd homer , a two - run shot in the first	True
Perez had lost four straight starts before going eight innings at the Mets last Wednesday , limiting New York to one run and three hits . Tigers starter Michael Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) walked the first two Texas batters he faced . Nomar Mazara then drove in a run with the first	False
Baseball 's top team , the Los Angeles Dodgers , got a firsthand look at that Friday , when the Padres hit three solo home runs in a 4 - 3 victory . Manuel Margot homered twice and Jose Pirela hit a tiebreaking drive in the eighth	True
Manuel Margot homered twice and Jose Pirela hit a tiebreaking drive in the eighth to push San Diego 's record to 51 - 64 . The Padres are 15th	False
The Padres are 15th out of baseball 's 30 teams with 144 home runs . Margot 's two homers gave the rookie outfielder 12 on the season . Pirela , now hitting third	False
Margot 's two homers gave the rookie outfielder 12 on the season . Pirela , now hitting third in San Diego 's lineup , has eight . Los Angeles reliever Ross Stripling ( 1 - 4 ) gave up Margot 's second home run to tie the game in the seventh	True
`` Man , they just kept on attacking . They made the adjustment on my mistakes , and they hit them . They hit them hard and far . '' The Orioles broke a 1 - 1 tie in the fourth	True
The Orioles broke a 1 - 1 tie in the fourth when Jones and Mancini hit back-to-back home runs leading off the inning . Mancini and Trumbo homered with nobody aboard in consecutive at-bats in the sixth	True
Jed Lowrie had two hits and two RBI for Oakland , which has lost five of its last seven games . Orioles manager Buck Showalter summoned closer Zach Britton to face Lowrie after Oakland loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
Gonzalez ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run on five hits to record the 50th win of his career . He bounced back after getting shelled for seven runs on seven hits in 1 2/3 innings against Boston last Thursday . Derek Fisher homered leading off the eighth	True
Chicago rookie Yoan Moncada went 1 for 2 with two walks and has reached safely in 14 of his last 25 plate appearances . Houston starter Colin McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded , no-out jam in the second inning , but Chicago broke through for four runs in the fifth	True
Houston starter Colin McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded , no-out jam in the second inning , but Chicago broke through for four runs in the fifth . Nicky Delmonico led off with a single and Anderson followed with a homer to make it 2 - 0 . The next batter , Omar Narvaez , kept the rally going with a single and one out later Garcia hit a ground-rule double to put runners on second	False
Houston starter Colin McHugh ( 0 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded , no-out jam in the second inning , but Chicago broke through for four runs in the fifth . Nicky Delmonico led off with a single and Anderson followed with a homer to make it 2 - 0 . The next batter , Omar Narvaez , kept the rally going with a single and one out later Garcia hit a ground-rule double to put runners on second and third	False
The White Sox tacked on three runs in the sixth -- highlighted by Anderson 's run-scoring double -- to knock out McHugh . He allowed seven runs on nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Gonzalez 's only rough inning was the second	True
The White Sox tacked on three runs in the sixth -- highlighted by Anderson 's run-scoring double -- to knock out McHugh . He allowed seven runs on nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Gonzalez 's only rough inning was the second , when he faced runners on second	False
The White Sox tacked on three runs in the sixth -- highlighted by Anderson 's run-scoring double -- to knock out McHugh . He allowed seven runs on nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Gonzalez 's only rough inning was the second , when he faced runners on second and third	False
J. A. Happ won his sixth straight decision against the Yankees , and the Blue Jays beat New York 4 - 2 . Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) limped off the field after his knee flared up in the third	True
The left-hander , who lost consecutive starts for the first time in 2017 , acknowledged his knee led to control problems against the Blue Jays . Donaldson connected twice against Sabathia , who came in with an AL-best 2.29 ERA in 10 road starts . The 2015 AL MVP , Donaldson hit a drive to right-center in the first	True
The left-hander , who lost consecutive starts for the first time in 2017 , acknowledged his knee led to control problems against the Blue Jays . Donaldson connected twice against Sabathia , who came in with an AL-best 2.29 ERA in 10 road starts . The 2015 AL MVP , Donaldson hit a drive to right-center in the first , and hooked one down the left field line in the third	True
Donaldson connected twice against Sabathia , who came in with an AL-best 2.29 ERA in 10 road starts . The 2015 AL MVP , Donaldson hit a drive to right-center in the first , and hooked one down the left field line in the third . He finished 2 for 4 with four RBI . It was the 12th multihomer game of Donaldson 's career and his second	False
Happ ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings , improving to 6 - 0 in 10 starts against the Yankees since 2014 . Garrett Cooper drove in both Yankees runs with a single in the second	True
Happ ( 5 - 8 ) allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings , improving to 6 - 0 in 10 starts against the Yankees since 2014 . Garrett Cooper drove in both Yankees runs with a single in the second and a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Garrett Cooper drove in both Yankees runs with a single in the second and a sacrifice fly in the eighth . New York used two walks and an infield single to load the bases with two outs in the sixth	True
Leone got one out , Danny Barnes pitched 2/3 of an inning and Ryan Tepera worked 1 1/3 innings before Roberto Osuna finished for his 29th save in 36 chances . Osuna had blown three of his previous five chances . New York , which leads the AL wild card standings , has allowed the opposition to score first	False
Sanchez yielded a career-high tying eight runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings . He gave up three straight homers to Milwaukee in May 2015 , but this was the first time he surrendered five in a game . After giving up a solo homer to Rickard and a two - run shot by Machado in the fourth	True
After giving up a solo homer to Rickard and a two - run shot by Machado in the fourth , Sanchez was mercifully lifted . Baltimore batted around in a four - run eighth	True
Almonte misplayed Jacoby Ellsbury 's shot to right field in the sixth inning into a three - run triple , Luis Severino overpowered Cleveland 's lineup into the seventh inning and Aaron Judge hammered a three - run homer as New York rolled to a 8 - 1 win over the Indians on Sunday . With the score tied 1 - 1 in the sixth	True
The Yankees wound up scoring five runs in the sixth -- matching their total in the past four games -- and bounced back from two sloppy losses to split the series with the defending AL champions . Severino ( 9 - 4 ) gave up Michael Brantley 's homer in the first	True
The Yankees wound up scoring five runs in the sixth -- matching their total in the past four games -- and bounced back from two sloppy losses to split the series with the defending AL champions . Severino ( 9 - 4 ) gave up Michael Brantley 's homer in the first and then toyed with the Indians , striking out nine and allowing just three runners to reach . He did n't give up his second hit until there were two outs in the seventh	True
`` He has continued to improve all year long , '' Yankees manager Joe Girardi . `` I'm seeing him do things now that he did n't do early on . '' Other than allowing Brantley 's homer , Severino was rarely in any trouble . He put himself in a bind in the fourth	True
Other than allowing Brantley 's homer , Severino was rarely in any trouble . He put himself in a bind in the fourth with a leadoff walk and wild pitch , but locked down and retired Cleveland 's 3 - 4 - 4 hitters to keep it 1 - 0 . Brantley touched Severino for a homer in the first	True
George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) got the win and Felipe Rivero had his 21st save . Zimmerman hit an RBI single in the second	True
The NL East champion Nationals began their last series of the regular season Thursday night without a sore Bryce Harper and wound up with a 5 - 4 victory on Alejandro De Aza 's game-ending RBI single in the bottom of the ninth inning against the Pittsburgh Pirates , whose starting pitcher , Ivan Nova , left after getting hit by a pitch on his throwing hand while batting . Doolittle was 21 for 21 in save opportunities for Washington since arriving from Oakland in a trade in July , but this one unraveled in a span of two pitches . The lefty came on for the ninth	True
Referring to Doolittle 's save streak , Baker joked : `` If he goes 21 more , then that means we 're the world champions . '' Well , first things first	False
Howie Kendrick , a possible starter instead of Jayson Werth in left field , was taken out in the third inning Thursday after diving to try to catch a sinking liner . Baker said he was just being cautious and that Kendrick had felt his hamstring tighten a bit during pregame warmups . Kendrick was replaced by De Aza , who delivered a tiebreaking RBI triple and came around to score in the seventh	True
Six Cubs relievers combined for three scoreless innings . Cardinals starter Michael Wacha needed just 60 pitches to cruise through the first six innings , striking out eight , before running into trouble in the seventh	True
Cardinals starter Michael Wacha needed just 60 pitches to cruise through the first six innings , striking out eight , before running into trouble in the seventh . Anthony Rizzo and Bryant started the inning with singles and Russell drove a 2 - 1 pitch over the left field wall to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) was chased after allowing the first six Cubs to reach base in the seventh	True
Wacha ( 12 - 9 ) was chased after allowing the first six Cubs to reach base in the seventh . Heyward and Tommy La Stella had RBI doubles as the Cubs sent 10 batters to the plate against three St. Louis pitchers . Paul DeJong 's single scored Jedd Gyorko to give the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Paul DeJong 's single scored Jedd Gyorko to give the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Former Cub Dexter Fowler came to the plate with the bases loaded as the tying run in the eighth	True
Paxton told Servais he would like to make one more start -- Sunday 's season finale would be his day -- but that was to be determined on how the pitcher felt after Tuesday . Davis matched his career high from last season with his 42nd homer , a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Paxton told Servais he would like to make one more start -- Sunday 's season finale would be his day -- but that was to be determined on how the pitcher felt after Tuesday . Davis matched his career high from last season with his 42nd homer , a two - run shot in the sixth to put Oakland ahead before Valencia 's 15th	True
Paxton told Servais he would like to make one more start -- Sunday 's season finale would be his day -- but that was to be determined on how the pitcher felt after Tuesday . Davis matched his career high from last season with his 42nd homer , a two - run shot in the sixth to put Oakland ahead before Valencia 's 15th of the year in the seventh	True
Emilio Pagan ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings in relief , then Edwin Diaz closed it out for his 33rd save . Alonso 's drive to right ended a 19-inning scoreless streak by Mengden and also was the Seattle first baseman 's fifth homer since joining the Mariners from the A 's on Aug. 6 -- and third	False
Pitching with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament in his elbow , Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) allowed just a pair of singles . He struck out seven , did n't issue a walk and retired his final 12 batters as New York won for the third time in 15 games . Travis d'Arnaud helped New York rebound from a 9 - 2 loss in the opener with his solo shot in the eighth	True
Travis d'Arnaud helped New York rebound from a 9 - 2 loss in the opener with his solo shot in the eighth . It was the 219th homer for the Mets , a franchise season mark . The sparse crowd at Citi Field jeered when the home run apple did n't rise after d'Arnaud 's homer , then cheered when it finally came out of the bin it 's housed in three batters later . Brandon Nimmo matched a career high with three hits in the nightcap , including a single off starter Max Fried ( 1 - 1 ) to lead off the third	True
Travis d'Arnaud helped New York rebound from a 9 - 2 loss in the opener with his solo shot in the eighth . It was the 219th homer for the Mets , a franchise season mark . The sparse crowd at Citi Field jeered when the home run apple did n't rise after d'Arnaud 's homer , then cheered when it finally came out of the bin it 's housed in three batters later . Brandon Nimmo matched a career high with three hits in the nightcap , including a single off starter Max Fried ( 1 - 1 ) to lead off the third . Juan Lagares , who had four hits in the doubleheader , hit the next pitch back to the mound , and Fried 's throw went well over the head of first baseman Rio Ruiz for a two - base error . Asdrubal Cabrera grounded to second	False
Brandon Nimmo matched a career high with three hits in the nightcap , including a single off starter Max Fried ( 1 - 1 ) to lead off the third . Juan Lagares , who had four hits in the doubleheader , hit the next pitch back to the mound , and Fried 's throw went well over the head of first baseman Rio Ruiz for a two - base error . Asdrubal Cabrera grounded to second to score the first run , and d'Arnaud followed with a double to deep center field to score Lagares . Atlanta mounted rallies in each of the last two innings , finally breaking through against Jeurys Familia in the ninth	True
Atlanta mounted rallies in each of the last two innings , finally breaking through against Jeurys Familia in the ninth . Kurt Suzuki singled and Freddie Freeman reached on a fielding error by Familia . Johan Camargo grounded out to advance the runners , then Jace Peterson singled to left to end the shutout bid . Pinch-hitter Matt Kemp grounded to first	False
DETROIT -- Zack Granite set an odd first	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 8 - 13 ) yielded three runs and five hits in four innings in his first start since Sept. 2 . He 's been dealing with neck issues for much of his two years with the Tigers . Byron Buxton gave the Twins a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the fourth	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 8 - 13 ) yielded three runs and five hits in four innings in his first start since Sept. 2 . He 's been dealing with neck issues for much of his two years with the Tigers . Byron Buxton gave the Twins a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the fourth , and Minnesota scored another run in the fifth	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 8 - 13 ) yielded three runs and five hits in four innings in his first start since Sept. 2 . He 's been dealing with neck issues for much of his two years with the Tigers . Byron Buxton gave the Twins a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the fourth , and Minnesota scored another run in the fifth . Mauer added a two - run double in the sixth	False
Byron Buxton gave the Twins a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the fourth , and Minnesota scored another run in the fifth . Mauer added a two - run double in the sixth and scored on a single by Polanco . Max Kepler and Jason Castro hit two - run doubles in the eighth	False
Detroit 's Nicholas Castellanos ended his 17-game hitting streak . The highlight for the Tigers may have come courtesy of their bat boy , who was seated in front of the dugout when he calmly reached out his right arm and barehanded a sharply hit foul ball off the bat of Detroit 's Efren Navarro in the eighth	True
CINCINNATI -- Dexter Fowler is doing everything he can to get the St. Louis Cardinals into the playoffs Fowler hit a tying homer in the eighth inning and a go-ahead double in the 10th	True
The third-place Cardinals ( 78 - 72 ) remained six games back of the Cubs in the division . St. Louis also is in the mix for a wild card after missing the playoffs last season . Fowler led off the eighth	True
Fowler led off the eighth with a drive to center off Kevin Shackelford for his 17th homer , matching his career high in his first year with St. Louis despite missing a chunk of the season due to injuries . He also went deep Sunday against the Cubs and came up just short in a bid for another homer . The Cardinals ' winning rally began when Tim Adelman ( 5 - 11 ) hit Kolten Wong with a pitch leading off the 10th	True
Cincinnati got one back on Scooter Gennett 's 26th homer . But Adam Duvall flied out to center before Lyons retired Scott Schebler and Patrick Kivlehan to end the game . Cardinals rookie Jack Flaherty lasted just two innings in his fourth major league start . Joey Votto hit an RBI single in the first	True
Cincinnati got one back on Scooter Gennett 's 26th homer . But Adam Duvall flied out to center before Lyons retired Scott Schebler and Patrick Kivlehan to end the game . Cardinals rookie Jack Flaherty lasted just two innings in his fourth major league start . Joey Votto hit an RBI single in the first , Kivlehan added a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Cincinnati got one back on Scooter Gennett 's 26th homer . But Adam Duvall flied out to center before Lyons retired Scott Schebler and Patrick Kivlehan to end the game . Cardinals rookie Jack Flaherty lasted just two innings in his fourth major league start . Joey Votto hit an RBI single in the first , Kivlehan added a sacrifice fly in the second and Zack Cozart hit a two - run shot off John Gant in the third	True
It was Cozart 's fourth homer in his last seven games and No . 23 on the season . The Cardinals bounced back with a five - run fourth	True
Pence hit a game-ending sacrifice fly with Colorado playing a five - man infield , and Gonzalez made an outstanding diving catch . Pence followed up his two - run homer in the fifth	True
Pence followed up his two - run homer in the fifth as San Francisco grabbed the opener of a short two - game series between NL West opponents . Pablo Sandoval singled leading off the ninth	True
Pablo Sandoval singled leading off the ninth against Chris Rusin ( 5 - 1 ) , and Orlando Calixte entered to pinch run . Ryder Jones followed with a bunt single and Kelby Tomlinson singled to load the bases for Pence . Gerardo Parra hit a tying double in the eighth	True
Pablo Sandoval singled leading off the ninth against Chris Rusin ( 5 - 1 ) , and Orlando Calixte entered to pinch run . Ryder Jones followed with a bunt single and Kelby Tomlinson singled to load the bases for Pence . Gerardo Parra hit a tying double in the eighth for Colorado , which missed a chance in the ninth	False
Gerardo Parra hit a tying double in the eighth for Colorado , which missed a chance in the ninth . Pinch-hitter Mark Reynolds hit a two - out infield single off Sam Dyson ( 3 - 2 ) , then pinch-runner Mike Tauchman stole second	False
Pinch-hitter Mark Reynolds hit a two - out infield single off Sam Dyson ( 3 - 2 ) , then pinch-runner Mike Tauchman stole second . Blackmon was intentionally walked and DJ LeMahieu grounded out . Buster Posey hit a one - out double in the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Mark Reynolds hit a two - out infield single off Sam Dyson ( 3 - 2 ) , then pinch-runner Mike Tauchman stole second . Blackmon was intentionally walked and DJ LeMahieu grounded out . Buster Posey hit a one - out double in the eighth off Pat Neshek before second baseman LeMahieu made a beautiful , diving stop of Brandon Crawford 's hard grounder and a tough throw to first	False
Giants starter Johnny Cueto struck out six and walked four over 6 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and seven hits . Colorado put the tying run on third	False
Giants starter Johnny Cueto struck out six and walked four over 6 2/3 innings , allowing two runs and seven hits . Colorado put the tying run on third in the eighth	True
A Reds offensive burst derailed him . Cole allowed one hit through five innings before Eugenio Suarez and Scooter Gennett hit two - run home runs in the sixth	True
Cole ( 11 - 11 ) had allowed just five hits in seven shutout innings and homered in a 1 - 0 Pittsburgh win in Cincinnati on August 26 -- his first career win against the Reds . He extended his string of shutout innings at smallish Great American Ball Park to 12 before the Reds pounced . Jesse Winker 's two - out , third-inning single was the Reds only hit until Suarez followed a leadoff walk to Winker in the sixth	True
Jesse Winker 's two - out , third-inning single was the Reds only hit until Suarez followed a leadoff walk to Winker in the sixth with his 26th homer of the season . After Cole walked Joey Votto , Gennett lined his 25th homer of the season into the right field seats , knocking Cole out of the game without getting an out in the inning . Tucker Barnhart added a run-scoring triple in the sixth	True
Jesse Winker 's two - out , third-inning single was the Reds only hit until Suarez followed a leadoff walk to Winker in the sixth with his 26th homer of the season . After Cole walked Joey Votto , Gennett lined his 25th homer of the season into the right field seats , knocking Cole out of the game without getting an out in the inning . Tucker Barnhart added a run-scoring triple in the sixth as the Reds sent the Pirates to their fifth straight loss and 10th	False
The win was Cincinnati 's 66th of the season , two short of matching last season 's total , and they pulled within two games of fourth-place Pittsburgh in the Central Division . The sweep was the Reds ' first	False
The sweep was the Reds ' first of the Pirates in a Cincinnati three - game series since April 6 - 9 , 2015 . The Reds swept a three - game series in Pittsburgh on April 10 - 12 of this season . The Pirates , who 've scored a total of nine runs in their last five games , got just one hit against Stephenson ( 5 - 5 ) -- Cole 's double in the third	True
The sweep was the Reds ' first of the Pirates in a Cincinnati three - game series since April 6 - 9 , 2015 . The Reds swept a three - game series in Pittsburgh on April 10 - 12 of this season . The Pirates , who 've scored a total of nine runs in their last five games , got just one hit against Stephenson ( 5 - 5 ) -- Cole 's double in the third , which left runners on second	False
The sweep was the Reds ' first of the Pirates in a Cincinnati three - game series since April 6 - 9 , 2015 . The Reds swept a three - game series in Pittsburgh on April 10 - 12 of this season . The Pirates , who 've scored a total of nine runs in their last five games , got just one hit against Stephenson ( 5 - 5 ) -- Cole 's double in the third , which left runners on second and third	False
The rookie right-hander walked three and struck out eight . After Deck McGuire pitched a one - hit seventh	True
The rookie right-hander walked three and struck out eight . After Deck McGuire pitched a one - hit seventh for Cincinnati , John Jaso hit a two - run homer off of Luke Farrell in the eighth	True
After Deck McGuire pitched a one - hit seventh for Cincinnati , John Jaso hit a two - run homer off of Luke Farrell in the eighth to avoid a shutout . Michael Lorenzen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Boyd calmly retired Yoan Moncada to finish his first professional shutout in the Detroit Tigers ' 12 - 0 rout of the Chicago White Sox on Sunday . After retiring Adam Engel and pinch hitter Kevan Smith to start the ninth	True
Anderson was ready for an off-speed pitch . Boyd ( 6 - 10 ) allowed only two runners : a walk to Rob Brantly in the third	True
Catcher Bryan Holaday , who debuted with the Tigers the next season , seemed more upset than Boyd about Anderson 's hit . Boyd , acquired in 2015 when the Tigers traded David Price to Toronto , was helped a couple times by fine defensive plays . Shortstop Dixon Machado went deep into the hole to field Avisail Garcia 's second-inning grounder , and first baseman Efren Navarro made an over-the-shoulder catch of Anderson 's foul pop in the sixth	True
Chicago starter Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) allowed five runs , seven hits and four walks in 3 2/3 innings . Castellanos extended his hitting streak to a career-long 14 games with a two - run double in the third	True
Chicago starter Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) allowed five runs , seven hits and four walks in 3 2/3 innings . Castellanos extended his hitting streak to a career-long 14 games with a two - run double in the third , and Mikie Mahtook 's two - run homer off Chris Beck made it 7 - 0 in the fifth	True
Castellanos extended his hitting streak to a career-long 14 games with a two - run double in the third , and Mikie Mahtook 's two - run homer off Chris Beck made it 7 - 0 in the fifth , leaving the focus squarely on Boyd . Castellanos kept Detroit 's offense rolling in the bottom of the sixth	False
Castellanos kept Detroit 's offense rolling in the bottom of the sixth with a two - run homer , and Candelario 's three - run shot in the eighth made it 12 - 0 . The crowd let out a roar when Boyd took the mound for the ninth	True
Castellanos kept Detroit 's offense rolling in the bottom of the sixth with a two - run homer , and Candelario 's three - run shot in the eighth made it 12 - 0 . The crowd let out a roar when Boyd took the mound for the ninth . He retired Engel on a foul popup to third	False
Castellanos kept Detroit 's offense rolling in the bottom of the sixth with a two - run homer , and Candelario 's three - run shot in the eighth made it 12 - 0 . The crowd let out a roar when Boyd took the mound for the ninth . He retired Engel on a foul popup to third , and Smith grounded out to second	False
Minnesota trailed 5 - 0 in the second inning after Josh Donaldson 's second homer . Rosario and Byron Buxton hit consecutive homers to start the rally as the Twins burst ahead with a seven - run bottom half that included Jorge Polanco 's tiebreaking RBI grounder . Minnesota pulled away with six runs in the fifth	True
Joe Biagini ( 3 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- and five hits in 1 1/3 innings for Toronto . He is 0 - 1 with a 15.00 ERA in two starts and two relief appearances against the Twins . Rosario also homered in the fifth	True
Minnesota tied a franchise record by homering for the 16th consecutive game and has a major league-high 74 since Aug. 8 . Gibson walked four batters as the Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Minnesota tied a franchise record by homering for the 16th consecutive game and has a major league-high 74 since Aug. 8 . Gibson walked four batters as the Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first , and Donaldson homered again in the second	True
Romano pitched a career-high eight shutout innings , Jesse Winker homered and the Cincinnati Reds beat the reeling Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 1 on Saturday . Romano ( 5 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked none while improving to 3 - 1 over his last six starts . Elias Diaz 's one - out double in the fifth	True
Romano ( 5 - 6 ) allowed five hits , struck out six and walked none while improving to 3 - 1 over his last six starts . Elias Diaz 's one - out double in the fifth was the only runner to get past first base against the right-hander . With top relievers Raisel Iglesias and Michael Lorenzen unavailable , manager Bryan Price thought about leaving Romano in to pitch the ninth	True
With top relievers Raisel Iglesias and Michael Lorenzen unavailable , manager Bryan Price thought about leaving Romano in to pitch the ninth . But he ended up taking him out . Pittsburgh avoided a shutout when Andrew McCutchen homered against Schackelford in the ninth	True
With top relievers Raisel Iglesias and Michael Lorenzen unavailable , manager Bryan Price thought about leaving Romano in to pitch the ninth . But he ended up taking him out . Pittsburgh avoided a shutout when Andrew McCutchen homered against Schackelford in the ninth . Reed came in with a runner on first	False
With top relievers Raisel Iglesias and Michael Lorenzen unavailable , manager Bryan Price thought about leaving Romano in to pitch the ninth . But he ended up taking him out . Pittsburgh avoided a shutout when Andrew McCutchen homered against Schackelford in the ninth . Reed came in with a runner on first and retired Gregory Polanco on a grounder to second	False
Nova had struggled since the All-Star break , but he went into the outing against the Reds with a fresh outlook . Nova had allowed one hit and faced the minimum 18 batters before Winker led off the seventh	True
The Mets had lost eight straight on the road and had just four wins in their last 18 games away from Citi Field , but they led 5 - 0 by the fourth inning . Cecchini and Juan Lagares had RBI singles in the second	True
The Mets had lost eight straight on the road and had just four wins in their last 18 games away from Citi Field , but they led 5 - 0 by the fourth inning . Cecchini and Juan Lagares had RBI singles in the second , Brandon Nimmo and Asdrubal Cabrera had RBI doubles in the third	True
The Mets had lost eight straight on the road and had just four wins in their last 18 games away from Citi Field , but they led 5 - 0 by the fourth inning . Cecchini and Juan Lagares had RBI singles in the second , Brandon Nimmo and Asdrubal Cabrera had RBI doubles in the third and Cecchini doubled again in the fourth	False
Cecchini and Juan Lagares had RBI singles in the second , Brandon Nimmo and Asdrubal Cabrera had RBI doubles in the third and Cecchini doubled again in the fourth . Freddie Freeman hit his 27th homer for Atlanta to make it 5 - 1 in the sixth	True
Cecchini and Juan Lagares had RBI singles in the second , Brandon Nimmo and Asdrubal Cabrera had RBI doubles in the third and Cecchini doubled again in the fourth . Freddie Freeman hit his 27th homer for Atlanta to make it 5 - 1 in the sixth , but the Mets tacked on two more runs in the seventh	False
The Mets are 17 - 13 when deGrom pitches . New York does n't have a winning record with any other starter this season . A. J. Ramos gave up two runs in the ninth	True
Conley spotted something watching videos of himself pitching . Conley allowed a run in the first	True
Conley spotted something watching videos of himself pitching . Conley allowed a run in the first , but then nothing more until the sixth	True
Conley allowed a run in the first , but then nothing more until the sixth . He walked three and struck out six . Junichi Tazawa , Brian Ellington and Drew Steckenrider combined for 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief before Kyle Barraclough got into trouble in the ninth	True
Junichi Tazawa , Brian Ellington and Drew Steckenrider combined for 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief before Kyle Barraclough got into trouble in the ninth . Ryan Braun doubled in Domingo Santana , but Travis Shaw flied out to end the game . Milwaukee jumped in front on Shaw 's run-scoring grounder in the first	True
Christian Yelich and Marcell Ozuna hit consecutive run-scoring singles before Justin Bour delivered a sacrifice fly . Miguel Rojas capped the fast start with another RBI single against Zach Davies ( 17 - 9 ) . The Marlins added two more in the third	True
Davies allowed eight hits , struck out two and walked none . He remained tied for the most wins in the majors with Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw . Milwaukee rallied in the sixth	True
Olson hit a shot four rows shy of the third deck in right-center in the first inning , giving the A 's a 2 - 0 lead on his 19th homer . The blast was estimated at 483 feet . Joyce drove his 24th homer out to right-center in the second	True
Texas entered the game one - half game behind Seattle in the wild card race and fielded a surprise lineup looking for a spark from injured veterans Adrian Beltre and Mike Napoli . One night after making an unexpected appearance as a pinch hitter Beltre was batting fourth	False
Andrew Albers ( 5 - 1 ) pitched the final five innings and allowed three hits . Hernandez had an early lead to work with when Seager hit a two - run home run in the second	True
Seattle pushed the lead to 9 - 1 during a 34-minute sixth inning that featured 50 pitches and 10 batters . Rougned Odor hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Rookie left-hander Amir Garrett ( 3 - 8 ) was charged with four runs in four innings . He struck out seven and walked five . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Scott Schebler hit a double and scored with two outs when shortstop Paul DeJong mishandled Phillip Ervin 's grounder . Garrett struck out four consecutive batters before running into trouble with back-to-back , full-count walks with two outs in the third	True
After a stolen base by Pham and a double steal by Pham and DeJong , Jose Martinez came through with a full-count , two - run single to left to put St. Louis ahead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
`` With everything I 've gone through this year , to go out and have a 20/20 season is a proud moment , Pham said . The Cardinals cut down Joey Votto at home plate to end the Reds ' seventh	True
DeShields homered after taking a speedier trip around the bases for an earlier run and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 3 on Monday night in the opener of a four - game series matching teams still hoping to get one of the AL 's two wild cards . That homer came two innings after DeShields reached on a one - out bunt single , when he was initially called out before a replay challenge overturned the call . DeShields then raced home from first	False
Cole Hamels ( 10 - 3 ) struck out seven in six innings to win for the first time in his last four starts . Alex Claudio worked a perfect ninth	True
Alex Claudio worked a perfect ninth to get his eighth save in 12 chances for the Rangers ( 72 - 71 ) , who got within two games of idle Minnesota for the American League 's second wild-card spot . Seattle ( 71 - 73 ) is 3 1/2 games back . Kyle Seager and Mitch Haniger homered for Seattle . Seager led off the second	True
Alex Claudio worked a perfect ninth to get his eighth save in 12 chances for the Rangers ( 72 - 71 ) , who got within two games of idle Minnesota for the American League 's second wild-card spot . Seattle ( 71 - 73 ) is 3 1/2 games back . Kyle Seager and Mitch Haniger homered for Seattle . Seager led off the second with his 23rd homer and Haniger , who had three hits and finished a triple shy of the cycle , had a two - run shot in the third	True
BOSTON -- For a change , Boston 's hitters made it a much easier night for Chris Sale . Sale struck out eight over six innings and Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Fifteen times in his 28 starts , the Red Sox had scored three or fewer runs when Sale was in the game . Tampa Bay lost its third	False
Matt Andriese ( 5 - 3 ) got just five outs , giving up eight runs -- six earned -- and seven hits . For the second straight night , the Red Sox took control early , putting this one away by scoring three in the first	True
Matt Andriese ( 5 - 3 ) got just five outs , giving up eight runs -- six earned -- and seven hits . For the second straight night , the Red Sox took control early , putting this one away by scoring three in the first and five in the second	True
Pedroia homered into the first row of Green Monster seats after Eduardo Nunez singled , making it 2 - 0 . Moreland 's groundout scored the other run . In the second	True
Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 5 ) allowed four runs and six hits over six innings . He walked one and struck out eight . Luis Garcia struck out Daniel Murphy , Ryan Zimmerman and Anthony Rendon in the eighth	True
Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 5 ) allowed four runs and six hits over six innings . He walked one and struck out eight . Luis Garcia struck out Daniel Murphy , Ryan Zimmerman and Anthony Rendon in the eighth , and Hector Neris pitched the ninth	True
Minnesota ( 74 - 68 ) entered the day with a two - game lead over the Los Angeles Angels for the final AL wild card . Kansas City is 3 1/2 games behind the Twins at 70 - 71 . Lorenzo Cain led off the eighth	True
Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) got the win with 1 2/3 scoreless innings . Brandon Maurer earned his second save in three chances since the Royals acquired him in a July 24 trade with San Diego . Alex Gordon homered with two out in the Royals ' seventh	True
Alex Gordon homered with two out in the Royals ' seventh off Jose Berrios to tie it at 2 . It was Gordon 's sixth home run and his first since July 3 , ending a 169 at-bat home run drought . Cain tripled in the first	True
Royals rookie right-hander Jake Junis , who is 5 - 0 since a June 29 loss , allowed two runs and eight hits over 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Eddie Rosario took Junis deep in the third	True
Royals rookie right-hander Jake Junis , who is 5 - 0 since a June 29 loss , allowed two runs and eight hits over 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Eddie Rosario took Junis deep in the third , and Byron Buxton homered in the sixth	True
Houston 's bullpen forced in five runs with bases-loaded walks and the team tied a franchise record with 13 free passes , costing the Astros in their second straight loss to the A 's , 11 - 1 in a doubleheader opener Saturday . Oakland led 3 - 1 before Tyler Clippard issued the first bases-loaded walk to Jed Lowrie in the sixth inning . Reymin Guduan brought in three more while allowing five straight walks on 28 pitches in the eighth	True
Daniel Gossett ( 4 - 8 ) had a career-high seven strikeouts and allowed one run over six - plus innings for his first win since Aug. 2 and the A 's third straight overall . Khris Davis hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
Alex Bregman doubled in the Astros ' run . It 's only the second time in the past 20 games that Houston has been held under two runs . Morton struck out three straight batters following a leadoff double in the first	True
Alex Bregman doubled in the Astros ' run . It 's only the second time in the past 20 games that Houston has been held under two runs . Morton struck out three straight batters following a leadoff double in the first but allowed three runs in the second	True
They swept the Dodgers for the second consecutive week for the first time since September 2005 to keep a comfortable lead in the wild-card race . Los Angeles has lost two series for the first time all year . Ketel Marte singled leading off the seventh	True
The Dodgers have lost a season-high six in a row and 11 of 12 , with six of those defeats to the second-place D-backs . Los Angeles still owns baseball 's best record at 92 - 47 . The Dodgers briefly owned a 1 - 0 lead , an accomplishment in itself . The D-backs had n't trailed in their last 97 innings , the second-longest stretch in the majors since 1900 , until Cody Bellinger 's RBI groundout to second put Los Angeles ahead in the first	True
But they did n't get a hit after the third inning . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth to earn his 36th save . The D-backs tied it 1-all in the second	True
Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth to earn his 36th save . The D-backs tied it 1-all in the second . A. J. Pollock reached on an error by shortstop Chris Taylor , stole second	False
The Astros won the first game 12 - 8 behind George Springer 's career-high 30th home run . Springer had three hits and Josh Reddick and Marwin Gonzalez added RBI singles in a four - run sixth inning as Houston got a 4 - 1 win in the second game . In the nightcap , Reddick tied it at 1 with an RBI single off Seth Lugo ( 5 - 4 ) with no outs in the sixth	True
The Astros extended the lead to 3 - 1 when Reddick scored on a groundout by Brian McCann , and Houston added another run on a sacrifice fly by J. D. Davis . Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win , and Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth	True
A crowd of 30,319 attended the doubleheader opener , and 34,904 came out for the second game . The Astros moved a home series earlier this week against rival Texas to Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg , Florida . The AL West leaders , who lost two of three to the Rangers , then postponed Friday 's game by a day , allowing players time to work in the community . It was the first doubleheader in Minute Maid Park history and the first	False
It was the first doubleheader in Minute Maid Park history and the first in Houston since the Astros won both games against the Marlins on Aug. 27 , 1999 , at the Astrodome . The Mets took the lead in the sixth	True
The Mets took the lead in the sixth when Juan Lagares tripled to start the inning and Asdrubal Cabrera walked before starter Brad Peacock was replaced by Francisco Liriano with one out . He was greeted with a double by Dominic Smith that scored Lagares . Gonzalez made a dazzling defensive play in the eighth	True
The Mets took the lead in the sixth when Juan Lagares tripled to start the inning and Asdrubal Cabrera walked before starter Brad Peacock was replaced by Francisco Liriano with one out . He was greeted with a double by Dominic Smith that scored Lagares . Gonzalez made a dazzling defensive play in the eighth when he dived to snag a grounder by Brandon Nimmo and tossed it to first	False
The Mets took the lead in the sixth when Juan Lagares tripled to start the inning and Asdrubal Cabrera walked before starter Brad Peacock was replaced by Francisco Liriano with one out . He was greeted with a double by Dominic Smith that scored Lagares . Gonzalez made a dazzling defensive play in the eighth when he dived to snag a grounder by Brandon Nimmo and tossed it to first for the third	False
Altuve had an RBI single and Gonzalez hit a two - run single , then scored on Cameron Maybin 's single as Houston built a four - run lead in the 37-pitch first inning . Maybin was claimed on waivers from the Los Angeles Angels on Thursday . Springer hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Altuve had an RBI single and Gonzalez hit a two - run single , then scored on Cameron Maybin 's single as Houston built a four - run lead in the 37-pitch first inning . Maybin was claimed on waivers from the Los Angeles Angels on Thursday . Springer hit a two - run homer in the second , when Harvey threw a run-scoring wild pitch . Davis added a homer to start the fifth	True
Springer hit a two - run homer in the second , when Harvey threw a run-scoring wild pitch . Davis added a homer to start the fifth . Smith hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Colorado , which struck out 12 times , is hitting .159 with runners in scoring position in the last 10 games , including 1 of 13 Friday . Walker ( 8 - 7 ) lasted only five innings due to a high pitch count , but he made big pitches when it counted . He struck out Carlos Gonzalez on a 77 mph curveball to end the first inning with the bases loaded and got Mark Reynolds looking with two on in the second	True
Walker ( 8 - 7 ) lasted only five innings due to a high pitch count , but he made big pitches when it counted . He struck out Carlos Gonzalez on a 77 mph curveball to end the first inning with the bases loaded and got Mark Reynolds looking with two on in the second . Arizona scored runs in the first three innings off starter Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) , including Walker 's RBI single to first	False
Walker ( 8 - 7 ) lasted only five innings due to a high pitch count , but he made big pitches when it counted . He struck out Carlos Gonzalez on a 77 mph curveball to end the first inning with the bases loaded and got Mark Reynolds looking with two on in the second . Arizona scored runs in the first three innings off starter Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) , including Walker 's RBI single to first that made it 2 - 0 . Arizona blew it open in the seventh	True
Walker ( 8 - 7 ) lasted only five innings due to a high pitch count , but he made big pitches when it counted . He struck out Carlos Gonzalez on a 77 mph curveball to end the first inning with the bases loaded and got Mark Reynolds looking with two on in the second . Arizona scored runs in the first three innings off starter Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) , including Walker 's RBI single to first that made it 2 - 0 . Arizona blew it open in the seventh when Colorado committed three errors and Descalso hit a three - run homer , his ninth	False
Arizona scored runs in the first three innings off starter Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) , including Walker 's RBI single to first that made it 2 - 0 . Arizona blew it open in the seventh when Colorado committed three errors and Descalso hit a three - run homer , his ninth , off Mike Dunn to go up 9 - 2 . The Rockies scored twice in the sixth	True
Arizona scored runs in the first three innings off starter Kyle Freeland ( 11 - 9 ) , including Walker 's RBI single to first that made it 2 - 0 . Arizona blew it open in the seventh when Colorado committed three errors and Descalso hit a three - run homer , his ninth , off Mike Dunn to go up 9 - 2 . The Rockies scored twice in the sixth off reliever David Hernandez and three more times in the seventh	True
The dominant Dodgers are two wins away after Turner drove in all four runs in Game 2 to keep Los Angeles unbeaten in the postseason . He delivered a tying single in the fifth	True
The dominant Dodgers are two wins away after Turner drove in all four runs in Game 2 to keep Los Angeles unbeaten in the postseason . He delivered a tying single in the fifth before sending a long shot to center field off John Lackey in the ninth	True
Another generation of Dodgers fans now has its own historic homer , and these Dodgers are growing increasingly confident they can earn their first trip to the World Series since 1988 . Turner got swallowed up at home plate by another pack of ecstatic Dodgers , just as Gibson did . Unlike Gibson , Turner spiked his batting helmet after rounding third	False
Game 3 in the best-of-seven series is Tuesday night at Wrigley Field in Chicago . Midseason acquisition Yu Darvish starts for the Dodgers against Kyle Hendricks . Yasiel Puig drew his third walk of the game leading off the ninth	True
Game 3 in the best-of-seven series is Tuesday night at Wrigley Field in Chicago . Midseason acquisition Yu Darvish starts for the Dodgers against Kyle Hendricks . Yasiel Puig drew his third walk of the game leading off the ninth , and Charlie Culberson bunted him to second	False
And after a collective offensive effort drove the Dodgers to a 5 - 2 win in Game 1 , Turner did it all in Game 2 . He has 10 RBI in the Dodgers ' five postseason games , getting five in the playoff opener against Arizona . Addison Russell homered in the fifth	True
Jon Lester yielded three hits and five walks while failing to get out of the fifth inning in the shortest start of his long postseason career , but the Dodgers could n't take advantage of a rare shaky night by the Cubs ' star left-hander . Rich Hill struck out eight in five more impressive innings for the Dodgers , but he was pulled for pinch-hitter Curtis Granderson in the fifth	True
Turner tied it moments later by poking a two - out single to right after a leadoff double by Culberson , the Dodgers ' improbably successful replacement for injured All-Star shortstop Corey Seager . The Dodgers chased Lester with two outs in the fifth	True
Turner tied it moments later by poking a two - out single to right after a leadoff double by Culberson , the Dodgers ' improbably successful replacement for injured All-Star shortstop Corey Seager . The Dodgers chased Lester with two outs in the fifth , but reliever Carl Edwards Jr. came through after several recent postseason struggles , striking out pinch-hitter Chase Utley and then pitching a strong sixth	True
Lester was the co-MVP of last season 's NLCS , winning Game 5 at Dodger Stadium and yielding two runs over 13 innings in the series . He had nothing near the same success against the Dodgers ' revamped lineup in this one , issuing four walks in the first four innings and repeatedly escaping jams . Dodgers third base coach Chris Woodward held up Turner in the third	True
Lester was the co-MVP of last season 's NLCS , winning Game 5 at Dodger Stadium and yielding two runs over 13 innings in the series . He had nothing near the same success against the Dodgers ' revamped lineup in this one , issuing four walks in the first four innings and repeatedly escaping jams . Dodgers third base coach Chris Woodward held up Turner in the third when it appeared he could have scored from first	False
Dodgers third base coach Chris Woodward held up Turner in the third when it appeared he could have scored from first on Cody Bellinger 's double to the left-center gap . Javier Baez , the other co-MVP of last season 's NLCS for Chicago , got to third base in the third	True
Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson from second base with none out in the 13th inning as Cleveland rallied from five runs down to stun the New York Yankees 9 - 8 on Friday and snatch a 2 - 0 lead in the AL Division Series . Despite an atrocious start by ace Corey Kluber and losing slugger Edwin Encarnacion with a severely sprained ankle in the first	True
Despite an atrocious start by ace Corey Kluber and losing slugger Edwin Encarnacion with a severely sprained ankle in the first , the Indians , with some help from a call that went their way , continued a charmed season growing more and more special by the day . Jackson drew a leadoff walk in the 13th	True
Despite an atrocious start by ace Corey Kluber and losing slugger Edwin Encarnacion with a severely sprained ankle in the first , the Indians , with some help from a call that went their way , continued a charmed season growing more and more special by the day . Jackson drew a leadoff walk in the 13th from Dellin Betances and stole second	False
As Jackson sprinted home , Cleveland 's players poured out of the dugout and mobbed Gomes at the conclusion of a wild , 5-hour , 8-minute thriller that featured 14 pitchers and a call that may haunt Yankees manager Joe Girardi for months . Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth	True
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland , which will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium . Carlos Carrasco will start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka , who will try to extend New York 's season . The Yankees had their chances late , but they stranded the go-ahead run at third	False
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland , which will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium . Carlos Carrasco will start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka , who will try to extend New York 's season . The Yankees had their chances late , but they stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth	True
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland , which will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium . Carlos Carrasco will start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka , who will try to extend New York 's season . The Yankees had their chances late , but they stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth and 10th -- and had pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes picked off second	False
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland , which will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium . Carlos Carrasco will start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka , who will try to extend New York 's season . The Yankees had their chances late , but they stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth and 10th -- and had pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes picked off second in the 11th	True
Down 8 - 3 , facing New York 's vaunted bullpen , the Indians came back . New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth	True
Down 8 - 3 , facing New York 's vaunted bullpen , the Indians came back . New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green , another one of the Yankees ' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled . Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first	False
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland 's first postseason slam since Jim Thome in 1999 , Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two - run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman , then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees . Bruce , who has done everything since coming over in an August trade , led off the eighth	True
Bauer struck out Judge three times , twice getting the MVP candidate looking . He allowed just two hits in 6 2/3 innings before manager Terry Francona , who chose to start the right-hander over ace Corey Kluber , turned to baseball 's best bullpen , using Andrew Miller and closer Cody Allen to finish the three - hitter . Allen came in with two on and two outs in the eighth	True
Bauer struck out Judge three times , twice getting the MVP candidate looking . He allowed just two hits in 6 2/3 innings before manager Terry Francona , who chose to start the right-hander over ace Corey Kluber , turned to baseball 's best bullpen , using Andrew Miller and closer Cody Allen to finish the three - hitter . Allen came in with two on and two outs in the eighth to face Judge , who struck out for the fourth time and the rookie angrily snatched at his bat frustration . Allen then worked the ninth	True
New York 's now got to face Kluber , an 18-game winner during the regular season . He 'll start Game 2 on Friday against CC Sabathia . Bruce connected for a two - run homer in the fourth	True
New York 's now got to face Kluber , an 18-game winner during the regular season . He 'll start Game 2 on Friday against CC Sabathia . Bruce connected for a two - run homer in the fourth off Sonny Gray and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Bauer stopped the Bronx Bombers cold . He struck out eight and took a no-hitter into the sixth	True
Taking the mound to his usual thundering warm-up music , `` The Pursuit of Vikings , '' an intimidating song by Swedish metal band Amon Amarth , Bauer did n't mess around . He struck out Judge in the first watching a curveball . Bauer , who is 11 - 1 in his last 14 starts , struck out Judge again in the fourth	True
He struck out Judge in the first watching a curveball . Bauer , who is 11 - 1 in his last 14 starts , struck out Judge again in the fourth , but the All-Star reached on a wild pitch . Bauer , though , regrouped by getting Gary Sanchez to bounce into a double play before he freezing Didi Gregorius for his sixth strikeout . Bauer got help from All-Star-second baseman-turned-center fielder Jason Kipnis , who made a diving catch to rob Chase Headley in the third	True
Bauer got help from All-Star-second baseman-turned-center fielder Jason Kipnis , who made a diving catch to rob Chase Headley in the third . As Kipnis slowly got to his feet , Bauer raised both arms above his head , pumped his fist and screamed to salute his teammate . Bruce gave the Indians a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Josh Tomlin pitched into the sixth inning and Jay Bruce drove in a pair of runs , leading Cleveland to a 3 - 1 win over the Chicago White Sox on Sunday to close out the regular season . It was the Indians ' 102nd victory -- second	False
Cleveland begins its playoff quest in an AL Division Series against the winner of the wild-card game between the Yankees and Twins . It lost the 2016 World Series in seven games to the Chicago Cubs . Tomlin ( 10 - 9 ) tossed 5 1/3 innings of one - run ball , striking out six and giving the club five pitchers with double-digit victories . Cody Allen worked a perfect ninth	True
White Sox right-hander Chris Volstad ( 1 - 2 ) walked Francisco Lindor , Jason Kipnis and Jose Ramirez to begin his day -- all of them scored -- before settling down . He allowed three hits over six frames in his second start in the majors since 2012 . Ramirez went 2 for 2 , including his AL-high 56th double , and Carlos Santana added a sacrifice fly . Rob Brantly hit a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
The Astros scored four times in the seventh inning to rally from a three - run deficit . Yuli Gurriel had two doubles and the go-ahead sacrifice fly for Houston , which won the four - game series 3 - 1 and took the season series against Boston 4 - 3 . McHugh pitched six innings , allowing three runs to improve to 16 - 0 in September and October since 2014 . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth	True
It 's just a new version of Hernandez that got the job done . Hernandez pitched shutout ball into the sixth inning , Nelson Cruz hit a two - run home run in the first	True
Hernandez became just the seventh pitcher to start at least 10 straight opening days , and he got off to a strong start against one of the best teams in the American League . Hernandez allowed two hits in 5 1/3 innings , only being pulled due to a limited pitch count . His spring training was truncated after being hit by a line drive and missing some time . He has seven opening day wins , tied with Randy Johnson , Tom Seaver and Jimmy Key for fourth	False
He has seven opening day wins , tied with Randy Johnson , Tom Seaver and Jimmy Key for fourth most . Following Hernandez , the Mariners used five relievers . Edwin Diaz hit two batters in the ninth	True
He has seven opening day wins , tied with Randy Johnson , Tom Seaver and Jimmy Key for fourth most . Following Hernandez , the Mariners used five relievers . Edwin Diaz hit two batters in the ninth and let pinch-runner Rajai Davis reach third	False
For at least one outing , it looked like the changes are taking hold . Hernandez allowed singles to Jason Kipnis in the third inning and Edwin Encarnacion in the fourth	True
Hernandez allowed singles to Jason Kipnis in the third inning and Edwin Encarnacion in the fourth , but most of the contact made was weak and easy outs . He even quick-pitched Bradley Zimmer for a strikeout ending the fifth inning . Hernandez walked Kipnis on four pitches with one out in the sixth	True
Hernandez walked Kipnis on four pitches with one out in the sixth , ending his night at 83 pitches . Dan Altavilla got Jose Ramirez to ground into a double play , and the Mariners were through the sixth without allowing a run . Cleveland got its only run in the seventh	True
Boog Powell hit a one - out triple off Noe Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) to start the winning rally . Matt Joyce was intentionally walked to bring up Semien , who delivered his first career game-ending RBI . The Angels got consecutive two - out singles from Martin Maldonado and Zack Cozart in the 11th	True
The Angels got consecutive two - out singles from Martin Maldonado and Zack Cozart in the 11th off Chris Hatcher ( 1 - 0 ) but did n't capitalize . Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
The Angels got consecutive two - out singles from Martin Maldonado and Zack Cozart in the 11th off Chris Hatcher ( 1 - 0 ) but did n't capitalize . Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a tying single in the seventh	False
Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a tying single in the seventh to almost single-handedly get the A 's back in it . Albert Pujols homered leading off the sixth	True
Kole Calhoun and Cozart also homered for the Angels to back Garrett Richards , who began this season healthy following two injury-shortened years . Richards left his initial 2017 outing on April 5 at Oakland , then did n't pitch again for the Angels until Sept. 5 because of a rare nerve irritation in his biceps . He missed most of 2016 with a torn ulnar collateral ligament . Batting eighth	False
Kole Calhoun and Cozart also homered for the Angels to back Garrett Richards , who began this season healthy following two injury-shortened years . Richards left his initial 2017 outing on April 5 at Oakland , then did n't pitch again for the Angels until Sept. 5 because of a rare nerve irritation in his biceps . He missed most of 2016 with a torn ulnar collateral ligament . Batting eighth as the designated hitter , Ohtani grounded a hard single to right field off Kendall Graveman in the second inning . He grounded out his next three times up before a strikeout in the 11th	True
Twins starter Jose Berrios ( 2 - 3 ) struggled with his command and the Reds made him pay . The 23-year-old right-hander walked three and allowed five hits in three innings , his shortest start of the season . He also did n't strike out a batter for the first time in 15 starts . Of his 60 pitches on the day , just 32 were strikes . The Reds did most of their damage early while Mahle was silencing the Twins ' bats . Two-out RBI doubles by Eugenio Suarez in the first	True
Twins starter Jose Berrios ( 2 - 3 ) struggled with his command and the Reds made him pay . The 23-year-old right-hander walked three and allowed five hits in three innings , his shortest start of the season . He also did n't strike out a batter for the first time in 15 starts . Of his 60 pitches on the day , just 32 were strikes . The Reds did most of their damage early while Mahle was silencing the Twins ' bats . Two-out RBI doubles by Eugenio Suarez in the first and Jesse Winker in the second put the Reds up 2 - 0 . The first three batters reached in the third	True
Twins starter Jose Berrios ( 2 - 3 ) struggled with his command and the Reds made him pay . The 23-year-old right-hander walked three and allowed five hits in three innings , his shortest start of the season . He also did n't strike out a batter for the first time in 15 starts . Of his 60 pitches on the day , just 32 were strikes . The Reds did most of their damage early while Mahle was silencing the Twins ' bats . Two-out RBI doubles by Eugenio Suarez in the first and Jesse Winker in the second put the Reds up 2 - 0 . The first three batters reached in the third as Cincinnati tacked on two more runs against Berrios before adding three more against reliever Taylor Rogers in the fourth	True
The Reds did most of their damage early while Mahle was silencing the Twins ' bats . Two-out RBI doubles by Eugenio Suarez in the first and Jesse Winker in the second put the Reds up 2 - 0 . The first three batters reached in the third as Cincinnati tacked on two more runs against Berrios before adding three more against reliever Taylor Rogers in the fourth to make it 7 - 0 . The Twins got on the board in the sixth	True
The Reds did most of their damage early while Mahle was silencing the Twins ' bats . Two-out RBI doubles by Eugenio Suarez in the first and Jesse Winker in the second put the Reds up 2 - 0 . The first three batters reached in the third as Cincinnati tacked on two more runs against Berrios before adding three more against reliever Taylor Rogers in the fourth to make it 7 - 0 . The Twins got on the board in the sixth when Joe Mauer 's single drove in Jason Castro , who had led off the inning with a double . But Duvall got that run back with a solo shot in the seventh	False
Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs on nine hits in six innings to win for the first time in three starts . Minor walked none , struck out four and retired 11 of the final 12 batters he faced . Kevin Jepsen got two outs and Alex Claudio got one , Chris Martin worked the eighth	True
Stroman allowed six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , and has given up at least four earned runs in all five starts this season . His ERA rose from 8.55 to 8.88 . The Rangers jumped on Stroman with a four - run first	True
Stroman allowed six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , and has given up at least four earned runs in all five starts this season . His ERA rose from 8.55 to 8.88 . The Rangers jumped on Stroman with a four - run first . Mazara hit a two - run single and Gallo followed with a drive to left , his eighth	False
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons is n't fretting about his ace . Smoak hit an RBI single in the bottom of the first	True
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons is n't fretting about his ace . Smoak hit an RBI single in the bottom of the first , but the inning ended when he was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Kevin Pillar 's two - out double . Smoak was also thrown out in the third	True
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons is n't fretting about his ace . Smoak hit an RBI single in the bottom of the first , but the inning ended when he was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Kevin Pillar 's two - out double . Smoak was also thrown out in the third when he tried to go from first	False
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons is n't fretting about his ace . Smoak hit an RBI single in the bottom of the first , but the inning ended when he was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Kevin Pillar 's two - out double . Smoak was also thrown out in the third when he tried to go from first to third	False
Smoak hit an RBI single in the bottom of the first , but the inning ended when he was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Kevin Pillar 's two - out double . Smoak was also thrown out in the third when he tried to go from first to third on Yangervis Solarte 's single . Steve Pearce hit a two - run double in the second	True
Smoak hit an RBI single in the bottom of the first , but the inning ended when he was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Kevin Pillar 's two - out double . Smoak was also thrown out in the third when he tried to go from first to third on Yangervis Solarte 's single . Steve Pearce hit a two - run double in the second , and Toronto tied it when Pillar tripled in the third	True
Steve Pearce hit a two - run double in the second , and Toronto tied it when Pillar tripled in the third on a broken-bat hit that bounced over Gallo 's head in left . Stroman lost his left shoe as he broke to cover first	False
Steve Pearce hit a two - run double in the second , and Toronto tied it when Pillar tripled in the third on a broken-bat hit that bounced over Gallo 's head in left . Stroman lost his left shoe as he broke to cover first on Jurickson Profar 's grounder in the third	True
Davidson hit two of Chicago 's five home runs , leading the White Sox to a 6 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Thursday night . Davidson , who drove in three runs , has seven home runs this season -- five against the Royals in Kansas City . He hit three out in the season opener March 29 . In this game , he homered in the fourth	True
Davidson hit two of Chicago 's five home runs , leading the White Sox to a 6 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Thursday night . Davidson , who drove in three runs , has seven home runs this season -- five against the Royals in Kansas City . He hit three out in the season opener March 29 . In this game , he homered in the fourth and then hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
The Royals went 2 for 15 with runners in scoring position and stranded 11 runners . Giolito allowed two runs and five hits over 5 2/3 innings . His only hiccup was a Jorge Soler home run with Mike Moustakas aboard in the fourth	True
Giolito allowed two runs and five hits over 5 2/3 innings . His only hiccup was a Jorge Soler home run with Mike Moustakas aboard in the fourth . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the eighth	True
Giolito allowed two runs and five hits over 5 2/3 innings . His only hiccup was a Jorge Soler home run with Mike Moustakas aboard in the fourth . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the eighth and managed to score a run on Alcides Escobar 's two - out single . Joakim Soria worked a scoreless ninth	True
More frustrated than hurt , Williamson took it out on Nationals pitcher Tanner Roark a few moments later after undergoing a series of concussion tests in the dugout . Williamson homered for the second straight night and third	False
Williamson homered for the second straight night and third in five games , hitting a tiebreaking shot in the sixth inning to lead San Francisco to a 4 - 3 victory over Washington on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit his fifth home run in six games , Joe Panik added three hits and scored twice , and the Giants won their third straight and fourth	False
Williamson 's deciding home run came one inning after he stumbled over the bullpen mound in foul territory and crashed into a low wall near the stands while trying to chase down Bryce Harper 's foul ball . Williamson stayed down briefly as team trainers rushed out before getting to his feet . Belt hit a two - run shot off Roark ( 1 - 2 ) in the third	True
Michael Taylor had a three - run homer for Washington , which has lost four straight and 14 of 20 since opening the season 4 - 0 . Reyes Moronta ( 1 - 0 ) retired six batters for his first career win . Sam Dyson pitched one inning and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth	True
Reyes Moronta ( 1 - 0 ) retired six batters for his first career win . Sam Dyson pitched one inning and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for his fifth save . The Giants got a run off Roark in the first	True
Reyes Moronta ( 1 - 0 ) retired six batters for his first career win . Sam Dyson pitched one inning and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for his fifth save . The Giants got a run off Roark in the first but left the bases loaded when Evan Longoria struck out looking to end the inning . Belt homered on a 3 - 2 pitch from Roark in the second	True
The Giants got a run off Roark in the first but left the bases loaded when Evan Longoria struck out looking to end the inning . Belt homered on a 3 - 2 pitch from Roark in the second to make it 3 - 0 . Washington tied it on Taylor 's three - run homer off starter Ty Blach in the third	True
The Cubs won Game 7 of that Series in Cleveland for their first championship since 1908 . While the significance of the latest victory did n't come close to matching that , the Chicago players were reminded of it everywhere they turned . Cubs shortstop Addison Russell , who doubled and scored in the second	True
Even the weather was similar . Game 7 was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead . This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch . The Cubs won three games in Cleveland 's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) , who allowed all four homers . Schwarber connected leading off the second	True
Even the weather was similar . Game 7 was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead . This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch . The Cubs won three games in Cleveland 's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) , who allowed all four homers . Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth	True
Even the weather was similar . Game 7 was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead . This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch . The Cubs won three games in Cleveland 's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) , who allowed all four homers . Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth . Willson Contreras went deep in the third	True
Even the weather was similar . Game 7 was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead . This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch . The Cubs won three games in Cleveland 's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 3 ) , who allowed all four homers . Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth . Willson Contreras went deep in the third and Ian Happ homered in the fourth	True
Schwarber is batting .500 ( 15 for 30 ) with three homers and eight RBI in seven career games at Progressive Field , including the postseason . The left-handed hitter , who grew up in southwest Ohio , made his major league debut in Cleveland in 2015 . He had six hits in his first two starts . Tyler Chatwood ( 1 - 3 ) won for the first time with the Cubs , allowing one run in six - plus innings . He was pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh	True
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances . The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third	True
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances . The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings . Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third , but right fielder Jason Heyward 's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning . Davis tried to score from second	False
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third , but right fielder Jason Heyward 's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning . Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez 's single , but was out on a headfirst slide . Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld . Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth	True
Remarkably , Barria threw 49 pitches and loaded the bases in the first inning but did n't allow a run . Belt singled and scored in the third	True
Remarkably , Barria threw 49 pitches and loaded the bases in the first inning but did n't allow a run . Belt singled and scored in the third and launched a leadoff homer to right against Blake Parker in the fifth	True
Belt singled and scored in the third and launched a leadoff homer to right against Blake Parker in the fifth . Belt saw a total of 38 pitches in his first three at-bats , then hit the first pitch his last two times up . Barria was chased after loading the bases with no outs in the third	True
Barria was chased after loading the bases with no outs in the third . He allowed two runs and six hits , struck out one and walked one . He got only six outs on 77 pitches . Cueto ( 2 - 0 ) allowed only two hits in six shutout innings . He took a no-hitter into the sixth	True
The Giants right-hander walked two , hit two batters and lowered his ERA in four starts to 0.35 . After loading the bases with one out in the sixth	True
After loading the bases with one out in the sixth , including allowing singles to Ian Kinsler and Ohtani , Cueto got Luis Valbuena to ground into a 3 - 6 - 6 double play . Cueto excitedly pumped his right fist after taking the throw from shortstop Brandon Crawford . Los Angeles had runners on the corners with two outs in the ninth	True
Altherr 's RBI single in the bottom of the 11th inning lifted the Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over Pittsburgh on Sunday , giving Philadelphia its first four - game sweep over the Pirates in 24 years . Andrew Knapp hit an opposite-field triple off the left-field wall with one out off Rich Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) . With the infield in , Altherr pulled a 1 - 2 pitch to left for his third hit . He raised his hand in the air , ran to first	False
Pivetta gave up two runs and five hits , striking out seven in 6 1/3 innings . After Diaz went deep to give the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead in the top of the fifth	True
Pivetta scurried to third base on a wild pitch and hustled home on Cesar Hernandez 's sacrifice fly that tied it at 2 . Phillies reliever Victor Arano had retired all 25 batters he faced this season and 32 straight , dating to last season , before Starling Marte reached safely on third baseman Scott Kingery 's throwing error to start the ninth	True
Pivetta scurried to third base on a wild pitch and hustled home on Cesar Hernandez 's sacrifice fly that tied it at 2 . Phillies reliever Victor Arano had retired all 25 batters he faced this season and 32 straight , dating to last season , before Starling Marte reached safely on third baseman Scott Kingery 's throwing error to start the ninth . Arano pitched out of a jam in the 10th	True
Judge is now 7 for 16 with four home runs against Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) . It was 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Jordan Montgomery ( 2 - 0 ) pitched six innings and allowed one run on four hits . He worked around three walks , and allowed the leadoff hitter on base in three consecutive innings . Toronto loaded the bases in the third	True
Stroman , a prep star from Long Island , saw his ERA jump to 8.55 . Six of the eight runs he surrendered in 5 1/3 innings were earned . Steve Pearce singled home Randal Grichuk in the fifth	True
Realmuto homered and drove in four runs in his season debut after coming off the disabled list , leading Jarlin Garcia and the stripped-down Marlins to a 9 - 1 blowout of the sloppy New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one hit in five shutout innings , pitching around five early walks to win for the first time as a starter . Miguel Andujar doubled with one out in the fifth	True
New York also threw a wild pitch and had a passed ball on a 44-degree night . The Yankees ( 8 - 8 ) have made an AL-high 17 errors in 16 games . Realmuto broke open the game with a three - run homer off Masahiro Tanaka ( 2 - 2 ) in the fifth	True
Garcia was far less efficient this time , throwing only 48 of 92 pitches for strikes while earning his second career win . But he put together a streak of 10 1/3 hitless innings against New York teams and still has n't given up a run as a big league starter . Four relievers finished the four - hitter . Andujar hit his first major league homer off Brad Ziegler with two outs in the ninth	True
Manaea pitched seven strong innings and Jed Lowrie hit an early two - run homer off Felix Hernandez , leading the Oakland Athletics to a 2 - 1 victory over the Seattle Mariners . Even when he gave up a long ball to Taylor Motter in the fifth	True
Blake Treinen finished with a four - out save as the Athletics ended Seattle 's four - game winning streak and avoided a series sweep . Lowrie provided all the offense the A 's needed with his homer in the first	True
Lowrie provided all the offense the A 's needed with his homer in the first , which came after an odd play when a balk call was revered . Marcus Semien singled and then appeared to get picked off first base before a balk was called on Hernandez . After the umpires huddled , the balk was called off and Semien returned to first	False
Haniger hit a three - run homer and Daniel Vogelbach added a two - run shot -- both with two outs in the seventh inning -- rallying the Mariners to a 7 - 4 win over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Seattle took advantage of a breakdown by Oakland 's bullpen for five runs in the seventh	True
It was the second time in the young season the Mariners put up five runs in an inning . Khris Davis hit two home runs for Oakland , a two - run shot in the first	True
It was the second time in the young season the Mariners put up five runs in an inning . Khris Davis hit two home runs for Oakland , a two - run shot in the first and a solo homer in the eighth inning . Matt Chapman added a solo homer in the sixth inning , his fifth	False
The White Sox had dropped their first five games at Guaranteed Rate Field . That matched their worst home start since 1975 at Comiskey Park . The White Sox simply have n't been getting the hits they need with runners in scoring position . They 're 3 for 46 over the past five games after going 0 for 9 on Wednesday . And the big blow from Davidson came with a runner on first	False
The White Sox simply have n't been getting the hits they need with runners in scoring position . They 're 3 for 46 over the past five games after going 0 for 9 on Wednesday . And the big blow from Davidson came with a runner on first . Davidson , who hit three home runs on opening day , struck out looking in his previous two at-bats -- with the bases loaded to end the third	True
The White Sox simply have n't been getting the hits they need with runners in scoring position . They 're 3 for 46 over the past five games after going 0 for 9 on Wednesday . And the big blow from Davidson came with a runner on first . Davidson , who hit three home runs on opening day , struck out looking in his previous two at-bats -- with the bases loaded to end the third and with a runner on third	False
The White Sox simply have n't been getting the hits they need with runners in scoring position . They 're 3 for 46 over the past five games after going 0 for 9 on Wednesday . And the big blow from Davidson came with a runner on first . Davidson , who hit three home runs on opening day , struck out looking in his previous two at-bats -- with the bases loaded to end the third and with a runner on third and one out in the sixth	True
That gave the White Sox their second win in nine games and helped them avoid their first 0 - 6 home start since they lost their first eight at Comiskey in 1948 . James Shields settled down after a shaky start and exited to cheers with one out in the seventh	True
James Shields settled down after a shaky start and exited to cheers with one out in the seventh . He held his former team to one run and four hits while striking out six and walking five -- all in the first two innings . Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) retired the side in the eighth	False
James Shields settled down after a shaky start and exited to cheers with one out in the seventh . He held his former team to one run and four hits while striking out six and walking five -- all in the first two innings . Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) retired the side in the eighth . And Nate Jones converted his first save opportunity with a scoreless ninth	True
Yonny Chirinos went 5 1/3 innings in his second straight scoreless start , scattering four hits while striking out five and walking one . The 24-year-old right-hander has thrown 14 1/3 scoreless innings over three appearances . C. J. Cron lined an RBI double off the center-field wall in the fifth	True
Yonny Chirinos went 5 1/3 innings in his second straight scoreless start , scattering four hits while striking out five and walking one . The 24-year-old right-hander has thrown 14 1/3 scoreless innings over three appearances . C. J. Cron lined an RBI double off the center-field wall in the fifth . But Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four hits in the eighth	True
The A 's sent nine batters to the plate in the fourth inning and scored five runs to lead 7 - 1 . Marcus Semien had a two - run double during the rally , and Chapman and starting pitcher Daniel Mengden each had an RBI single . Semien had two hits and four RBI and extended his hitting streak to nine games . He is the only Athletics ' player to reach base in all 13 games this season . Lowrie homered in the ninth	True
Semien had two hits and four RBI and extended his hitting streak to nine games . He is the only Athletics ' player to reach base in all 13 games this season . Lowrie homered in the ninth and had four RBI . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Wood ( 0 - 2 ) , who won a career-high 16 games last season and was sporting a 1.93 ERA , lasted 3 2/3 innings and gave up seven runs on seven hits . He was returning from food poisoning last weekend . Yasmani Grandal had three hits and slammed a solo shot for the Dodgers in the fourth	True
The right-hander 's long , wet , unruly mane gave him the most trouble Monday , when he allowed one earned run in six innings to help the Mets win their sixth consecutive game and match the best start in franchise history by beating the Marlins 4 - 2 . After making his first two starts of the season in chilly weather , Syndergaard took the mound on a humid , 83-degree night and tired in the sixth	True
Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) had less than his best stuff but stranded four runners in scoring position . That was good enough to help the Mets extend their longest winning streak since September 2016 , and they improved to 8 - 1 , matching their start in 1985 and 2006 . Jeurys Familia escaped a jam in the ninth	True
Miami went 2 for 12 with runners in scoring position , stranded 10 , hit into a double play and lost a runner on the bases . The game was the first	False
Andrew Benintendi hit a tiebreaking RBI double in Boston 's wild six - run eighth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 7 on Sunday for their eighth straight win . The Red Sox lost shortstop Xander Bogaerts to a left ankle injury in the seventh	True
Tampa Bay had a season-high 11 hits and left 10 runners on base . Red Sox starter Eduardo Rodriguez struck out five of his first six hitters in his first game back off the disabled list from knee surgery . But Tampa Bay 's C. J. Cron tied it at 1 with a home run in the second	True
Red Sox starter Eduardo Rodriguez struck out five of his first six hitters in his first game back off the disabled list from knee surgery . But Tampa Bay 's C. J. Cron tied it at 1 with a home run in the second . Carlos Gomez added an RBI double in the third	True
Red Sox starter Eduardo Rodriguez struck out five of his first six hitters in his first game back off the disabled list from knee surgery . But Tampa Bay 's C. J. Cron tied it at 1 with a home run in the second . Carlos Gomez added an RBI double in the third , and Adeiny Hechavarria made it 3 - 1 Rays with an RBI single in the fourth	False
On an afternoon with a first-pitch temperature of 36 degrees and a 10 mph wind blowing straight in , the teams combined for just five hits -- all singles -- and none after the third inning . Fiers ( 1 - 0 ) made his season debut after recovering from a lumbar strain and allowed three hits in six innings with six strikeouts and one walk . He pitched out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the first	True
Fiers ( 1 - 0 ) made his season debut after recovering from a lumbar strain and allowed three hits in six innings with six strikeouts and one walk . He pitched out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the first by retiring Nicky Delmonico on a lineout and Welington Castillo on a groundout . Alex Wilson , Daniel Stumpf , Joe Jimenez and Shane Greene combined on three innings of hitless relief for the Tigers , with Greene overcoming an error by third baseman Jeimer Candelario on Avisail Garcia 's leadoff grounder in the ninth	True
Jose Abreu grounded into a double play , and Greene threw a called third strike past Matt Davidson . Leonys Martin blooped a single to left in front of Delmonico starting the game , stole second	False
MILWAUKEE -- After a rocky start , Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon thinks Ian Happ finally can relax a little bit . Happ hit a tiebreaking two - run single during Chicago 's four - run ninth	True
Happ struck out three more times , running his team-high total to a whopping 17 in seven games , before coming up with a clutch swing in his final at-bat . With one out and the bases loaded , he dumped a 0 - 1 pitch from Jacob Barnes into left-center to give the Cubs a 4 - 2 lead . After Happ 's single , Kris Bryant was intentionally walked , and Maddon sent starting pitcher Jon Lester to the plate to hit for reliever Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) . Lester got down a sacrifice that drove in Ben Zobrist from third	False
Brandon Morrow got three outs for his first save since signing with the Cubs in the offseason . Milwaukee wasted a nice start for Zach Davies , who struck out eight while pitching six innings of one - run ball . Eric Thames homered in the fourth inning , and Lorenzo Cain hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Suarez hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Reds cooled off the Pittsburgh Pirates with a 7 - 4 victory . Pittsburgh opened the season with six wins in seven games and then jumped out to a 4 - 0 lead against Cincinnati in the second	True
Pittsburgh opened the season with six wins in seven games and then jumped out to a 4 - 0 lead against Cincinnati in the second . But the Reds chipped away at the deficit before Suarez finished the job in just their second victory . Joey Votto hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Pittsburgh opened the season with six wins in seven games and then jumped out to a 4 - 0 lead against Cincinnati in the second . But the Reds chipped away at the deficit before Suarez finished the job in just their second victory . Joey Votto hit a sacrifice fly in the third , and Jesse Winker added an RBI single in the fifth	False
Pittsburgh opened the season with six wins in seven games and then jumped out to a 4 - 0 lead against Cincinnati in the second . But the Reds chipped away at the deficit before Suarez finished the job in just their second victory . Joey Votto hit a sacrifice fly in the third , and Jesse Winker added an RBI single in the fifth . Suarez then tied it at 4 with a two - run single off Dovydas Neverauskas with two out in the sixth	True
Joey Votto hit a sacrifice fly in the third , and Jesse Winker added an RBI single in the fifth . Suarez then tied it at 4 with a two - run single off Dovydas Neverauskas with two out in the sixth . Suarez came up again with two on in the eighth	False
Suarez came up again with two on in the eighth and drove a 0 - 1 fastball from George Kontos ( 0 - 1 ) over the wall in left . He finished with three hits . Wandy Peralta ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Raisel Iglesias worked the ninth	True
Cincinnati right-hander Sal Romano allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked one . Corey Dickerson hit a two - run double for Pittsburgh in the first	True
Cincinnati right-hander Sal Romano allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out one and walked one . Corey Dickerson hit a two - run double for Pittsburgh in the first . Josh Harrison added a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Corey Dickerson hit a two - run double for Pittsburgh in the first . Josh Harrison added a sacrifice fly in the second , and Adam Frazier had an RBI single . But Cincinnati 's pitching tightened up after that , retiring 16 straight Pirates from the third	True
The two - way star from Japan connected for a long , solo drive in the second inning against Daniel Gossett . The ball landed in the rocks beyond the center field wall after traveling 449 feet and was measured with a 112.3 mph exit velocity according to Statcast , the hardest-hit and longest of Ohtani 's three major league homers . Ohtani , who is batting .462 ( 6 for 13 ) at home , drew a walk on four pitches with the bases loaded to pull the Angels within 8 - 7 in the fifth	True
Angels manager Mike Scioscia does not plan to use Ohtani as the designated hitter on Saturday and have him get a chance to extend his homer streak . But Scioscia said he would be open to letting Ohtani hit before or after a start later this season . The Angels trailed 6 - 0 in the second	True
Angels manager Mike Scioscia does not plan to use Ohtani as the designated hitter on Saturday and have him get a chance to extend his homer streak . But Scioscia said he would be open to letting Ohtani hit before or after a start later this season . The Angels trailed 6 - 0 in the second . Boosted by five home runs , the A 's still led 9 - 7 in the seventh	False
The Angels trailed 6 - 0 in the second . Boosted by five home runs , the A 's still led 9 - 7 in the seventh before third baseman Matt Chapman 's throwing error on a grounder by Zack Cozart allowed two runs . Justin Upton then broke the tie with a three - run homer . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win as the Angels took their third	False
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win as the Angels took their third in a row and won for the sixth time in seven games . Simmons and Luis Valbuena each had two RBI . Matt Joyce and Marcus Semien hit back-to-back homers as part of a five - run second inning , and the Athletics sent Parker Bridwell to the dugout after 1 2/3 innings . Joyce 's two - run shot to right was his first	False
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win as the Angels took their third in a row and won for the sixth time in seven games . Simmons and Luis Valbuena each had two RBI . Matt Joyce and Marcus Semien hit back-to-back homers as part of a five - run second inning , and the Athletics sent Parker Bridwell to the dugout after 1 2/3 innings . Joyce 's two - run shot to right was his first of the season , and Semien followed it up with a solo homer to center for his first	False
The Athletics also hit consecutive home runs against the Angels in the season opener on March 29 . Chapman had a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The Athletics also hit consecutive home runs against the Angels in the season opener on March 29 . Chapman had a two - run homer in the fifth , and Matt Olson added a solo shot in the seventh	True
The Athletics also hit consecutive home runs against the Angels in the season opener on March 29 . Chapman had a two - run homer in the fifth , and Matt Olson added a solo shot in the seventh . Jed Lowrie hit a solo home run in the first -- he singled with two outs in the ninth	True
The Athletics also hit consecutive home runs against the Angels in the season opener on March 29 . Chapman had a two - run homer in the fifth , and Matt Olson added a solo shot in the seventh . Jed Lowrie hit a solo home run in the first -- he singled with two outs in the ninth , but was caught taking a wide turn around first	False
Keuchel allowed five hits and two runs -- one earned -- with four walks in five innings . Brad Peacock ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits in three scoreless innings for the win . Miguel Castro ( 0 - 1 ) took over for Dylan Bundy to start the seventh	True
Bundy , who threw seven scoreless innings in his first start this season , allowed five hits and two runs while fanning eight in six innings . Jonathan Schoop had three hits for the Orioles , who have lost five straight since a win on opening day . Manny Machado singled with two outs in the ninth	True
Jonathan Schoop had three hits for the Orioles , who have lost five straight since a win on opening day . Manny Machado singled with two outs in the ninth , but Peacock struck out Schoop to end it . The Orioles got going early in this one when Tim Beckham hit a leadoff single and Schoop singled with one out . Adam Jones reached when he hit a high popup that second baseman Jose Altuve apparently lost in the sun and allowed to drop right in front of him in the infield . Schoop was out at second	False
Trey Mancini followed with a single , but Keuchel settled down to strike out Danny Valencia to end the inning . Reddick singled with no outs in the second	True
Reddick singled with no outs in the second and Marwin Gonzalez followed with a double . The Astros tied it up when Reddick scored on a groundout by Jake Marisnick . Valencia walked to start the fourth	True
Hamels struck out 11 in five innings , and Texas beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Texas third baseman Andre Beltre singled in the second	True
Hamels ( 1 - 1 ) bounced back from a rough start on opening day , dominating an A 's lineup that had scored three or more runs in four of the first five games . He allowed four hits and walked three . The left-hander recorded his first eight outs by strikeout . He yielded Chad Pinder 's homer in the third	True
Moran 's shot to the seats above the Clemente Wall in right field staked Jameson Taillon to a five - run cushion . Taillon tamped down his pregame butterflies to keep the Twins off balance for 5 1/3 innings and the bullpen narrowly avoided letting things slip away . Taillon allowed two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , but his stellar work was nearly undone by a shaky bullpen Minnesota rallied for four runs in the sixth	True
Moran 's shot to the seats above the Clemente Wall in right field staked Jameson Taillon to a five - run cushion . Taillon tamped down his pregame butterflies to keep the Twins off balance for 5 1/3 innings and the bullpen narrowly avoided letting things slip away . Taillon allowed two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , but his stellar work was nearly undone by a shaky bullpen Minnesota rallied for four runs in the sixth off Taillon and three relievers then put the tying base on in the seventh	True
Moran 's shot to the seats above the Clemente Wall in right field staked Jameson Taillon to a five - run cushion . Taillon tamped down his pregame butterflies to keep the Twins off balance for 5 1/3 innings and the bullpen narrowly avoided letting things slip away . Taillon allowed two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , but his stellar work was nearly undone by a shaky bullpen Minnesota rallied for four runs in the sixth off Taillon and three relievers then put the tying base on in the seventh and eighth	True
Moran 's shot to the seats above the Clemente Wall in right field staked Jameson Taillon to a five - run cushion . Taillon tamped down his pregame butterflies to keep the Twins off balance for 5 1/3 innings and the bullpen narrowly avoided letting things slip away . Taillon allowed two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , but his stellar work was nearly undone by a shaky bullpen Minnesota rallied for four runs in the sixth off Taillon and three relievers then put the tying base on in the seventh and eighth but could n't pull even . George Kontos worked a perfect ninth	True
He did n't hit while pitching , as Albert Pujols was the DH and went 0 for 5 . Ohtani ( 1 - 0 ) pounded his glove following a 1 - 2 - 2 shutdown fifth	True
He did n't hit while pitching , as Albert Pujols was the DH and went 0 for 5 . Ohtani ( 1 - 0 ) pounded his glove following a 1 - 2 - 2 shutdown fifth . He walked one , and the only damage against him came on Matt Chapman 's three - run homer in the second	True
Ohtani received ample support from the Los Angeles lineup . Mike Trout hit a tying double in the fifth	True
Ohtani received ample support from the Los Angeles lineup . Mike Trout hit a tying double in the fifth and Justin Upton followed with a go-ahead sacrifice fly . The Angels added insurance in the seventh	True
Ohtani began the game with four straight outs -- fanning three -- before allowing consecutive singles to Matt Joyce and Stephen Piscotty that set up Chapman 's first home run of 2018 . The Angels staked Ohtani to a quick 2 - 0 lead on back-to-back doubles by Luis Valbuena and Jefry Marte second	True
The Angels staked Ohtani to a quick 2 - 0 lead on back-to-back doubles by Luis Valbuena and Jefry Marte second against Daniel Gossett ( 0 - 1 ) . Cheers of `` Ohtani ! '' greeted the pitcher as he prepared to throw his first pitch , a 96 mph fastball called strike to Marcus Semien . Ohtani fanned the leadoff man on four pitches and got through the first	True
Velazquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . Marcus Walden , Bobby Poyner , Matt Barnes and Joe Kelly , who got three outs for his first career save , combined for 3 1/3 scoreless innings of three - hit relief . Kelly gave up two - out singles to Mallex Smith and Adeiny Hechavarria in the ninth	True
The Rays hit .190 ( 24 for 126 ) in the series . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
The Rays hit .190 ( 24 for 126 ) in the series . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on Rafael Devers ' one - out , bases-loaded RBI single off Yonny Chirinos . Tampa Bay 's defense kept the Red Sox from a big inning as right fielder Carlos Gomez threw out Brock Holt , who tried to score from second	False
Devers has driven in a run in six straight regular season games , dating to last year . Miller put the Rays ahead 1 - 0 with a leadoff homer in the second	True
Gordon led off the game against Rangers starter Mike Minor with a triple and scored in a close play at home on Jean Segura 's shallow sacrifice fly , testing Rangers right fielder Nomar Mazara 's arm and barely arriving safely with a head-first slide in which his hand beat Texas catcher Robinson Chirino 's glove . Cruz padded the Mariners ' lead in the third	True
Gordon led off the game against Rangers starter Mike Minor with a triple and scored in a close play at home on Jean Segura 's shallow sacrifice fly , testing Rangers right fielder Nomar Mazara 's arm and barely arriving safely with a head-first slide in which his hand beat Texas catcher Robinson Chirino 's glove . Cruz padded the Mariners ' lead in the third . After Segura hit a one - out double and moved to third	False
LeBlanc , the journeyman left-hander filling in for injured Erasmo Ramirez , continued his brilliant early season work , giving up one run and four hits in five innings despite feeling a bit under the weather . LeBlanc struck out four and walked two . The only blemish against him was a solo homer by Mazara , the Rangers ' outfielder 's 13th	True
LeBlanc , the journeyman left-hander filling in for injured Erasmo Ramirez , continued his brilliant early season work , giving up one run and four hits in five innings despite feeling a bit under the weather . LeBlanc struck out four and walked two . The only blemish against him was a solo homer by Mazara , the Rangers ' outfielder 's 13th of the season , which led off the fourth	True
Relievers James Pazos , Juan Nicasio and Chasen Bradford combined to finish with four scoreless innings . The Mariners scored twice in the fifth	True
The Mariners scored twice in the fifth on a throwing error by Texas third baseman Isiah Kiner-Falefa on a fielder 's choice by Haniger and Cruz 's sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 1 . Ryon Healy added an RBI single in the seventh	False
Just fine , it turned out . Anthony Rendon drove in in both Washington runs with a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Just fine , it turned out . Anthony Rendon drove in in both Washington runs with a sacrifice fly in the first and an RBI single in the third	False
Just fine , it turned out . Anthony Rendon drove in in both Washington runs with a sacrifice fly in the first and an RBI single in the third . Newcomb was dominant the rest of the way , retiring 14 of 15 hitters before he was lifted for a pinch hitter after a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh	True
Anthony Rendon drove in in both Washington runs with a sacrifice fly in the first and an RBI single in the third . Newcomb was dominant the rest of the way , retiring 14 of 15 hitters before he was lifted for a pinch hitter after a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh . He threw 93 pitches -- 61 for strikes . Rendon , who led off the sixth	True
Anthony Rendon drove in in both Washington runs with a sacrifice fly in the first and an RBI single in the third . Newcomb was dominant the rest of the way , retiring 14 of 15 hitters before he was lifted for a pinch hitter after a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh . He threw 93 pitches -- 61 for strikes . Rendon , who led off the sixth with a double , was the only Nationals hitter to reach base off Newcomb after the third	True
Rendon , who led off the sixth with a double , was the only Nationals hitter to reach base off Newcomb after the third . He also made a sparkling defensive play at third base to rob Tyler Flowers of a hit , diving to his left to field a hard-hit grounder that took a wicked hop . The Braves went ahead for good in the bottom of the third	False
Ozzie Albies led off with a popup to short left field that should 've been an out . But shortstop Trea Turner and left fielder Juan Soto both pulled up , allowing it to drop for a gift single . Freddie Freeman followed with a double into the right-field corner , giving him a 13-game hitting streak . Bryce Harper 's throw into second short-hopped Turner , an error that allowed Albies to race home after he initially stopped at third	False
Freddie Freeman followed with a double into the right-field corner , giving him a 13-game hitting streak . Bryce Harper 's throw into second short-hopped Turner , an error that allowed Albies to race home after he initially stopped at third . Atlanta tacked on an insurance run in the seventh	True
Mengden allowed three runs over eight innings and Oakland beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 3 on Thursday to avoid a four - game sweep . Mengden ( 6 - 4 ) was dominant most of the game against Tampa Bay . He gave up six hits , struck out five and extended his scoreless streak to a career-high 25 innings before giving up three straight hits , including a two - run double by Wilson Ramos in the ninth	True
The Rays had won five straight and outscored the A 's 11 - 3 through the first three games of the series before getting shut down by Mengden . Olson and Chapman hit solo home runs in the seventh	True
The Rays had won five straight and outscored the A 's 11 - 3 through the first three games of the series before getting shut down by Mengden . Olson and Chapman hit solo home runs in the seventh off Ryan Yarbrough . Joyce added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro 's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance . He surrendered a run , three hits and two walks . He struck out six in a 93-pitch effort . Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two - out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh	True
Clayton Richard had won two of his last three starts and was relying on his slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts . The left-hander exited after seven innings of two - run ball . He allowed four hits and a walk , with five strikeouts . Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth	True
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle 's single . But when Urena tried to sacrifice , catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play , pouncing on Urena 's bunt and retiring Brinson at third	False
Culberson 's pinch-hit , two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning gave the Atlanta Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets in the first game of a doubleheader on Monday . Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) gave up Nick Markakis ' sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Culberson 's pinch-hit , two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning gave the Atlanta Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets in the first game of a doubleheader on Monday . Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) gave up Nick Markakis ' sacrifice fly in the eighth and walked Johan Camargo to begin the ninth	True
Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) gave up Nick Markakis ' sacrifice fly in the eighth and walked Johan Camargo to begin the ninth before Culberson took him deep . Devin Mesoraco gave the Mets a 3 - 2 lead in the top of the ninth	False
Rain caused a 34-minute delay in middle of the sixth inning . DeGrom pitched six scoreless innings before allowing Tyler Flowers ' homer to make it 2 - 1 in the seventh	True
DeGrom pitched six scoreless innings before allowing Tyler Flowers ' homer to make it 2 - 1 in the seventh . Throwing a season-high 115 pitches , he allowed five hits and three walks and struck out eight , lowering his NL-leading ERA to 1.52 . DeGrom has given up just two runs over his past 40 1/3 innings , a span of seven starts in which he has a 0.45 ERA . He pitched out of a jam after Flowers homered . The Braves had runners on first	False
DeGrom pitched six scoreless innings before allowing Tyler Flowers ' homer to make it 2 - 1 in the seventh . Throwing a season-high 115 pitches , he allowed five hits and three walks and struck out eight , lowering his NL-leading ERA to 1.52 . DeGrom has given up just two runs over his past 40 1/3 innings , a span of seven starts in which he has a 0.45 ERA . He pitched out of a jam after Flowers homered . The Braves had runners on first and third	False
DeGrom has given up just two runs over his past 40 1/3 innings , a span of seven starts in which he has a 0.45 ERA . He pitched out of a jam after Flowers homered . The Braves had runners on first and third with no outs , but did n't score . Mesoraco had a role in all three New York runs . He drew a bases-loaded walk off Max Fried to make it 1 - 0 in the first	True
DeGrom has given up just two runs over his past 40 1/3 innings , a span of seven starts in which he has a 0.45 ERA . He pitched out of a jam after Flowers homered . The Braves had runners on first and third with no outs , but did n't score . Mesoraco had a role in all three New York runs . He drew a bases-loaded walk off Max Fried to make it 1 - 0 in the first and singled and scored from first	False
DeGrom has given up just two runs over his past 40 1/3 innings , a span of seven starts in which he has a 0.45 ERA . He pitched out of a jam after Flowers homered . The Braves had runners on first and third with no outs , but did n't score . Mesoraco had a role in all three New York runs . He drew a bases-loaded walk off Max Fried to make it 1 - 0 in the first and singled and scored from first on Luis Guillorme 's double to put the Mets up 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Mesoraco had a role in all three New York runs . He drew a bases-loaded walk off Max Fried to make it 1 - 0 in the first and singled and scored from first on Luis Guillorme 's double to put the Mets up 2 - 0 in the fourth . Fried , making his first start this season and the second	False
Fried , making his first start this season and the second of his career , gave up four hits , four walks and two runs -- one earned -- with six strikeouts in five innings . DeGrom worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth	True
Verlander slowed the highest-scoring team in the majors , picking off a familiar opponent by pitching the Houston Astros past New York 5 - 1 on Monday . Facing the only club in baseball that has n't been shut out this season , Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) blanked the Yankees until Greg Bird hit a leadoff home run in the seventh	True
J. D. Davis hit an early three - run homer , and Jose Altuve had a solo drive , helping Houston win for the sixth time in eight games . Closer Ken Giles , tagged Sunday as the Astros blew a five - run lead in the ninth	True
In 12 starts this year , the big righty has permitted only 10 earned runs . For all the heat Verlander brought to the plate , the best toss he made might 've been a throw in the opposite direction . The Astros led 3 - 0 when the Yankees put runners at first	False
In 12 starts this year , the big righty has permitted only 10 earned runs . For all the heat Verlander brought to the plate , the best toss he made might 've been a throw in the opposite direction . The Astros led 3 - 0 when the Yankees put runners at first and second	False
In 12 starts this year , the big righty has permitted only 10 earned runs . For all the heat Verlander brought to the plate , the best toss he made might 've been a throw in the opposite direction . The Astros led 3 - 0 when the Yankees put runners at first and second with two outs in the second	True
With Miguel Andujar at the plate , Verlander pivoted and picked rookie Gleyber Torres off second base to escape . Davis hit his first homer of the season , connecting in the second	True
With Miguel Andujar at the plate , Verlander pivoted and picked rookie Gleyber Torres off second base to escape . Davis hit his first homer of the season , connecting in the second off Domingo German ( 0 - 3 ) . Altuve , whose team-record run of 10 straight hits ended Sunday , added his fourth home run in the eighth	True
When Hammel held St. Louis to one run in seven innings to win last Wednesday , it ended a string of 13 winless starts for the 35-year-old . He went into Sunday 's game leading the American League in hits allowed with 71 . The Rangers ' runs came on seventh-inning homers by Joey Gallo , his 15th	False
When Hammel held St. Louis to one run in seven innings to win last Wednesday , it ended a string of 13 winless starts for the 35-year-old . He went into Sunday 's game leading the American League in hits allowed with 71 . The Rangers ' runs came on seventh-inning homers by Joey Gallo , his 15th of the season with one on , and Robinson Chirinos , his seventh	False
The Rangers ' runs came on seventh-inning homers by Joey Gallo , his 15th of the season with one on , and Robinson Chirinos , his seventh . Texas went 0 for 11 with runners in scoring position , 0 for 7 during the first three innings . In the eighth inning , Jason Adam put runners on the corners with one out before striking out Gallo and getting Rougned Odor to pop to third	False
As they separate themselves from all other rivals , the Yankees , Red Sox and Astros might duel for the top spot all summer long . Ohtani first batted with two outs and a runner on in the first	True
Richards is 0 - 5 with an 8.57 ERA in seven career games ( six starts ) against the Yankees and 44 - 32 with a 3.36 ERA against the other 28 MLB teams . New York scored all of its runs in the third	True
Jose Alvarez relieved and promptly hit Greg Bird to force in another run . Then Miguel Andujar had an RBI grounder . Aroldis Chapman walked Ohtani to begin the ninth	True
Anderson homered twice on his way to a career-high four RBI , leading Hector Santiago and the Chicago White Sox to an 8 - 4 victory over the Tigers on Saturday . Anderson and Jose Abreu each hit a solo drive in the fifth	True
Anderson homered twice on his way to a career-high four RBI , leading Hector Santiago and the Chicago White Sox to an 8 - 4 victory over the Tigers on Saturday . Anderson and Jose Abreu each hit a solo drive in the fifth , tying it at 3 . Daniel Palka led off the sixth	True
Jeimer Candelario homered twice for Detroit and drove in three runs . Liriano struck out eight in five - plus innings , but was charged with five runs and six hits . Candelario , who had the winning RBI single Friday night in his first game back from the disabled list , belted a two - run shot off Santiago in the first	True
Jeimer Candelario homered twice for Detroit and drove in three runs . Liriano struck out eight in five - plus innings , but was charged with five runs and six hits . Candelario , who had the winning RBI single Friday night in his first game back from the disabled list , belted a two - run shot off Santiago in the first . He added a solo drive in the third	True
Candelario , who had the winning RBI single Friday night in his first game back from the disabled list , belted a two - run shot off Santiago in the first . He added a solo drive in the third , making it 3 - 1 . Candelario walked and scored on an error by Anderson in the bottom of the ninth	False
Yusmeiro Petit ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings in relief . He was among five A 's pitchers manager Bob Melvin used after saying it would be a bullpen day with rookie reliever Josh Lucas making a spot start . Lucas lasted just two innings in his first career start , allowing two runs on three hits and three walks and throwing 52 pitches . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the first	True
Lucas lasted just two innings in his first career start , allowing two runs on three hits and three walks and throwing 52 pitches . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the first , but managed just one run as Nelson Cruz grounded into a double play and Kyle Seager struck out . Seager hit an RBI double off Blake Treinen in the eighth	True
Lucas lasted just two innings in his first career start , allowing two runs on three hits and three walks and throwing 52 pitches . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the first , but managed just one run as Nelson Cruz grounded into a double play and Kyle Seager struck out . Seager hit an RBI double off Blake Treinen in the eighth . Treinen got Daniel Vogelbach to fly out to end the inning with runners at second	False
Lucas lasted just two innings in his first career start , allowing two runs on three hits and three walks and throwing 52 pitches . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the first , but managed just one run as Nelson Cruz grounded into a double play and Kyle Seager struck out . Seager hit an RBI double off Blake Treinen in the eighth . Treinen got Daniel Vogelbach to fly out to end the inning with runners at second and third	False
Lucas lasted just two innings in his first career start , allowing two runs on three hits and three walks and throwing 52 pitches . The Mariners loaded the bases with no outs in the first , but managed just one run as Nelson Cruz grounded into a double play and Kyle Seager struck out . Seager hit an RBI double off Blake Treinen in the eighth . Treinen got Daniel Vogelbach to fly out to end the inning with runners at second and third , and worked the ninth	True
Seager hit an RBI double off Blake Treinen in the eighth . Treinen got Daniel Vogelbach to fly out to end the inning with runners at second and third , and worked the ninth for his 11th save . Jed Lowrie hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Bryce Harper hit his NL-leading 15th home run of the season for Washington , which has won two straight after getting swept in a three - game series at home by the Dodgers . San Diego 's defense provided openings for Washington in the ninth	True
San Diego 's defense provided openings for Washington in the ninth . Soto , the youngest player in the majors , reached base in all four at-bats in his second career start . He led off the ninth	True
San Diego 's defense provided openings for Washington in the ninth . Soto , the youngest player in the majors , reached base in all four at-bats in his second career start . He led off the ninth with his third walk . Wilmer Difo followed with a groundout , which third baseman Cory Spangenberg bobbled , allowing Soto to reach second	False
Soto , the youngest player in the majors , reached base in all four at-bats in his second career start . He led off the ninth with his third walk . Wilmer Difo followed with a groundout , which third baseman Cory Spangenberg bobbled , allowing Soto to reach second . Before Taylor 's hit , he sent a pop-up into foul territory that first baseman Eric Hosmer could not track down . Then Taylor , who entering the ninth	True
Before Taylor 's hit , he sent a pop-up into foul territory that first baseman Eric Hosmer could not track down . Then Taylor , who entering the ninth was 0 - for - 3 with two strikeouts while facing mostly fastballs , sent a change-up from Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) off the center-field wall . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the ninth	True
Jeremy Hellickson held San Diego to one run and five hits over 5 1/3 innings . Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres . Hellickson threw one pitch after Jose Pirela 's one - out double in the sixth	True
Reliever Wander Suero replaced Hellickson and recorded one out before surrendering Franmil Reyes ' single to center . Catcher Pedro Severino fielded Taylor 's throw and tagged Pirela at the plate , but the runner was initially ruled safe . Washington challenged the play and replay overturned the call . Harper 's blast , his second	False
In his eighth game since being promoted form Triple-A , Fowler went 2 for 3 with a walk . Fowler , one of three players acquired from the New York Yankees last July for pitcher Sonny Gray , hit a leadoff blast to left off Marco Estrada in the third	True
Lucas and fellow newcomer Emilio Pagan barely made it to the ballpark for first pitch after getting stuck in heavy traffic on their way downtown after arriving at the airport . Chris Hatcher worked the seventh	True
Lucas and fellow newcomer Emilio Pagan barely made it to the ballpark for first pitch after getting stuck in heavy traffic on their way downtown after arriving at the airport . Chris Hatcher worked the seventh , Yusmeiro Petit got two outs in the eighth	True
Chris Hatcher worked the seventh , Yusmeiro Petit got two outs in the eighth , and Blake Treinen finished for his ninth save in 11 opportunities . The Blue Jays got two hits off Anderson in the first	True
The Blue Jays got two hits off Anderson in the first , but the inning ended when left fielder Matt Joyce threw out Curtis Granderson at home plate . Toronto tied it on an RBI single by Gio Urshela in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays got two hits off Anderson in the first , but the inning ended when left fielder Matt Joyce threw out Curtis Granderson at home plate . Toronto tied it on an RBI single by Gio Urshela in the fifth , but Oakland chased Estrada with three straight two - out doubles in the seventh	True
Parra gave Colorado a 6 - 3 lead when he connected with one out in the sixth inning off Kazuhisa Makita ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his first appearance since being recalled from Triple-A on Sunday . Parra 's second homer of the season came with Ian Desmond and Chris Iannetta aboard on singles . Castro homered leading off the fifth	True
Parra gave Colorado a 6 - 3 lead when he connected with one out in the sixth inning off Kazuhisa Makita ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his first appearance since being recalled from Triple-A on Sunday . Parra 's second homer of the season came with Ian Desmond and Chris Iannetta aboard on singles . Castro homered leading off the fifth , his first	False
`` I was happy that we got the lead back . That was the first thing in my mind . It was a good homer , the momentum went back our way . We knew that we had the arms in the bullpen to keep us close and we got the W . '' Eric Hosmer hit a tying double for the Padres in the fifth	True
Castro was called up from the minors on May 1 . Franmil Reyes made his big league debut for the Padres after leading all of professional baseball in homers with 14 while at Triple-A El Paso . He started in right field and went 0 for 4 . He reached on a throwing error by shortstop Trevor Story that allowed Franchy Cordero to score for a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Franmil Reyes made his big league debut for the Padres after leading all of professional baseball in homers with 14 while at Triple-A El Paso . He started in right field and went 0 for 4 . He reached on a throwing error by shortstop Trevor Story that allowed Franchy Cordero to score for a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Freddy Galvis of the Padres finished a homer short of the cycle . He tried to bunt for a single in the ninth	True
Colorado 's Nolan Arenado had three hits and an RBI . Tyler Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs , three earned , on seven hits in 5 2/3 innings and reached base twice against rookie lefty Joey Lucchesi . Anderson walked with one out in the third	True
Colorado 's Nolan Arenado had three hits and an RBI . Tyler Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs , three earned , on seven hits in 5 2/3 innings and reached base twice against rookie lefty Joey Lucchesi . Anderson walked with one out in the third and scored on Arenado 's single . He singled in the fifth	True
Tyler Anderson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four runs , three earned , on seven hits in 5 2/3 innings and reached base twice against rookie lefty Joey Lucchesi . Anderson walked with one out in the third and scored on Arenado 's single . He singled in the fifth before being forced out . Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 15th save . Lucchesi struggled through five innings , allowing three runs and six hits while striking out two and walking one . He also was thrown out trying to score on a passed ball to end the third	True
McCutchen doubled in his first two at-bats to reach the career milestone and the San Francisco Giants snapped the Cincinnati Reds ' six - game winning streak with a 10 - 7 victory Monday night . McCutchen sparked a three - run first inning against Sal Romano ( 2 - 4 ) with his first hit and drove home a run in the second	True
McCutchen doubled in his first two at-bats to reach the career milestone and the San Francisco Giants snapped the Cincinnati Reds ' six - game winning streak with a 10 - 7 victory Monday night . McCutchen sparked a three - run first inning against Sal Romano ( 2 - 4 ) with his first hit and drove home a run in the second with another double . Kelby Tomlinson added a two - run single in the third	True
Tucker Barnhart homered and had three RBI , Scott Schebler hit a solo shot and Adam Duvall added a three - run homer but the Reds failed to move out of last place in the National League because of a rough start by Romano . The right-hander put Cincinnati in an early hole when Evan Longoria drove in McCutchen with a two - out single in the first	True
The right-hander put Cincinnati in an early hole when Evan Longoria drove in McCutchen with a two - out single in the first and Brandon Crawford added a two - run double . McCutchen drove in a run with a two - out hit in the second	True
McCutchen drove in a run with a two - out hit in the second as the Giants scored three of their first four runs after there were two outs . Tomlinson ended Romano 's night with his one - out hit in the third	True
DETROIT -- The injury-plagued Detroit Tigers battled gamely against another top pitcher . Niko Goodrum homered twice and drove in five runs , and Detroit beat Carlos Carrasco and the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Monday night . It was the second straight day the Tigers won despite fielding a patchwork lineup . Detroit faced James Paxton and Seattle on Sunday and won that game in the bottom of the ninth	False
Niko Goodrum homered twice and drove in five runs , and Detroit beat Carlos Carrasco and the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Monday night . It was the second straight day the Tigers won despite fielding a patchwork lineup . Detroit faced James Paxton and Seattle on Sunday and won that game in the bottom of the ninth . Then the Tigers made Carrasco 's outing difficult . Goodrum hit a two - run shot in the fourth inning and a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) had won his previous 12 decisions against the AL Central , but he allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings Monday and received little run support . Mike Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed a run and three hits for Detroit in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) had won his previous 12 decisions against the AL Central , but he allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings Monday and received little run support . Mike Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed a run and three hits for Detroit in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth , but with the tying run on second	False
Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) had won his previous 12 decisions against the AL Central , but he allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings Monday and received little run support . Mike Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) allowed a run and three hits for Detroit in six innings . He walked one and struck out five . The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth , but with the tying run on second , left-hander Daniel Stumpf came on and retired Yonder Alonso on a first-pitch popup for the third	False
Then Goodrum gave Detroit a 6 - 2 lead with his homer in the bottom of the inning . It was his third homer in two games . Cleveland 's Francisco Lindor hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
Cleveland 's Francisco Lindor hit an RBI single in the ninth , extending his hitting streak to 15 games . The Indians brought the tying run to the plate against Shane Greene , but Michael Brantley grounded out to end it . Ramirez opened the scoring with a homer to right in the first	True
Cleveland 's Francisco Lindor hit an RBI single in the ninth , extending his hitting streak to 15 games . The Indians brought the tying run to the plate against Shane Greene , but Michael Brantley grounded out to end it . Ramirez opened the scoring with a homer to right in the first , but Detroit tied it in the third	True
Cleveland 's Francisco Lindor hit an RBI single in the ninth , extending his hitting streak to 15 games . The Indians brought the tying run to the plate against Shane Greene , but Michael Brantley grounded out to end it . Ramirez opened the scoring with a homer to right in the first , but Detroit tied it in the third on an RBI groundout by Pete Kozma . In the fourth	True
Newcomb struck out six . He has given up a total of five hits in his past three starts , and his ERA is 2.51 . Inciarte hit his third homer of the year and his second	False
The last-place Marlins won only one game all week , and called a players-only meeting after their latest defeat . The Marlins did n't quit . Trailing 4 - 0 to start the ninth	True
Luis Castillo ( 3 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings with eight strikeouts and no walks . Cincinnati outscored the Dodgers 20 - 9 over the four games . The defending NL champion Dodgers finished a 1 - 5 homestand and have lost seven of eight . At 16 - 23 they are fourth	False
Turner and Forsythe are expected to be back in the lineup Tuesday in Miami . Roberts and Yosuke Nakajima , the team 's soft tissue specialist , went to the mound with two outs in the sixth	True
Roberts and Yosuke Nakajima , the team 's soft tissue specialist , went to the mound with two outs in the sixth and looked at the left middle finger of Hill , who had a blister on the finger that caused him to go on the disabled list from April 7 - 16 and from April 17 to May 16 . Roberts said Hill was taken out as precaution and is expected to start Saturday at Washington . Suarez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Suarez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Yasiel Puig cut the lead in half in the bottom half with his first home run since Game 5 of last year 's World Series . Alex Blandino 's sacrifice bunt drove in a run in the fourth	True
Suarez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Yasiel Puig cut the lead in half in the bottom half with his first home run since Game 5 of last year 's World Series . Alex Blandino 's sacrifice bunt drove in a run in the fourth , and Votto hit a two - run homer for a 5 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Alex Blandino 's sacrifice bunt drove in a run in the fourth , and Votto hit a two - run homer for a 5 - 1 lead in the sixth . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer in the seventh	False
DETROIT -- These days , run support is n't much of an issue for Felix Hernandez . Even when he struggles , Seattle often has a chance to win . Hernandez labored through five innings Saturday night , but Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
DETROIT -- These days , run support is n't much of an issue for Felix Hernandez . Even when he struggles , Seattle often has a chance to win . Hernandez labored through five innings Saturday night , but Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth , and the Mariners slugged their way to a 9 - 5 victory over Detroit , salvaging a split of their doubleheader with the Tigers . Hernandez allowed five runs and eight hits , but acting manager Manny Acta let him finish the fifth	True
Hernandez labored through five innings Saturday night , but Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth , and the Mariners slugged their way to a 9 - 5 victory over Detroit , salvaging a split of their doubleheader with the Tigers . Hernandez allowed five runs and eight hits , but acting manager Manny Acta let him finish the fifth , putting the right-hander in line for the win . Detroit won the opener 4 - 3 , thanks in part to a terrific catch by center fielder JaCoby Jones in the ninth inning . The nightcap did n't go nearly as well for the Tigers . Nicholas Castellanos left in the second inning because of an injured finger on his left hand , and manager Ron Gardenhire was ejected in the fifth	True
Hernandez 's run support in Seattle was once so paltry that he went 13 - 12 en route to a Cy Young Award in 2010 . Now , he has a winning record despite an ERA that increased to 5.66 with Saturday 's outing . Healy 's two - run homer off Michael Fulmer ( 1 - 3 ) put Seattle up 3 - 2 in the fourth inning of the second game , and Cano made it 6 - 2 in the fifth	True
Gardenhire was ejected for the second time this season , and he was n't the only one frustrated with plate umpire Carlos Torres in the nightcap . In the first game , Matthew Boyd ( 2 - 3 ) allowed three runs and three hits in six - plus innings for the Tigers . Detroit broke a 1-all tie in the sixth	True
Acta , normally the bench coach for Seattle , was managing because Servais was away to watch his daughter receive a master 's degree at Mississippi . Three relievers finished the opener for Detroit , with Shane Greene pitching the ninth	True
Acta , normally the bench coach for Seattle , was managing because Servais was away to watch his daughter receive a master 's degree at Mississippi . Three relievers finished the opener for Detroit , with Shane Greene pitching the ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . After a one - out walk , Jones made a diving catch of Healy 's sinking liner . Mike Zunino followed with a single , putting men on first	False
Acta , normally the bench coach for Seattle , was managing because Servais was away to watch his daughter receive a master 's degree at Mississippi . Three relievers finished the opener for Detroit , with Shane Greene pitching the ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . After a one - out walk , Jones made a diving catch of Healy 's sinking liner . Mike Zunino followed with a single , putting men on first and third	False
Three relievers finished the opener for Detroit , with Shane Greene pitching the ninth for his eighth save in 10 chances . After a one - out walk , Jones made a diving catch of Healy 's sinking liner . Mike Zunino followed with a single , putting men on first and third , and another walk loaded the bases . Dee Gordon grounded out to first	False
DENVER -- Manny Pina got everything he wanted out of his last-ditch swing . Pina hit a tying two - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
DENVER -- Manny Pina got everything he wanted out of his last-ditch swing . Pina hit a tying two - run homer with two outs in the ninth and Travis Shaw delivered a two - out RBI single in the 10th	True
Davis , whose 14 saves lead the majors , said his location was bad on the pitch Pina knocked out of the park . Lorenzo Cain hit a one - out single in the 10th	True
Lorenzo Cain hit a one - out single in the 10th off Jake McGee ( 0 - 2 ) , and pinch-hitter Tyler Saladino singled one out later . Shaw , who homered and had another RBI single earlier , then drove a solid single to center to score the decisive run and complete a comeback from six runs down . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Chris Iannetta and Carlos Gonzalez homered for the Rockies . Gerardo Parra added four hits and Charlie Blackmon had three , including a triple and double . The Rockies batted around in the fourth	True
The bases were loaded with two outs when Trevor Story tripled to the wall in left-center and he scored when Parra followed with a single , his third hit of the game . The Brewers pulled within a run with a four - run sixth	True
The bases were loaded with two outs when Trevor Story tripled to the wall in left-center and he scored when Parra followed with a single , his third hit of the game . The Brewers pulled within a run with a four - run sixth but Colorado went back up 10 - 8 in the bottom of the sixth	False
Trailing 3 - 1 , the Rockies moved in front 4 - 3 with a three - run third ignited by Blackmon 's one - out RBI triple . Nolan Arenado followed with a run-scoring single and Story added a sacrifice fly . Swinging away on a 3 - 0 pitch , Shaw connected for his eighth homer of the season in the top of the third	True
It was 18 up and 18 down for the Padres , who only four nights earlier had been no-hit by four Los Angeles Dodgers pitchers in Monterrey , Mexico . And here they were back home , looking totally lost against Hellickson 's curveball and changeup . Hellickson was perfect until Travis Jankowski singled up the middle leading off the seventh	True
Hellickson ( 1 - 0 ) knew warming up in the bullpen that he was going to have a good night . Hellickson , who came in with four straight no-decisions , did n't issue a walk while throwing 91 pitches . He also hit an RBI double in the seventh	True
Hellickson , who came in with four straight no-decisions , did n't issue a walk while throwing 91 pitches . He also hit an RBI double in the seventh . Hellickson gave up consecutive flyballs to the warning track in the fifth inning but then struck out Raffy Lopez . In the sixth	True
The Padres had only three hits in getting shut out for the fifth time . Richard ( 1 - 5 ) had a good start , too , by facing only one over the minimum through four , before getting hit hard to open the fifth	True
The Texas Rangers just are n't converting their 39-year-old star 's production into victories . Victor Martinez and Jeimer Candelario homered in the first inning , Jose Iglesias added another long ball in the second	True
Beltre 's injury-interrupted hitting streak is at five games , and the Rangers have lost four of them . Texas ( 14 - 24 ) trails badly in last place in the AL West . Beltre , MLB 's active leader in hits , reached 3,078 with three singles after missing 12 games with the injury . He hit run-scoring singles in the sixth	True
Beltre 's injury-interrupted hitting streak is at five games , and the Rangers have lost four of them . Texas ( 14 - 24 ) trails badly in last place in the AL West . Beltre , MLB 's active leader in hits , reached 3,078 with three singles after missing 12 games with the injury . He hit run-scoring singles in the sixth and eighth	True
In his 21st season , Beltre became the active hits leader while on the disabled list when Ichiro Suzuki , with 3,089 hits , was removed from Seattle 's 40-player roster last week for another role with the Mariners . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) , winless with an 8.90 ERA in six previous appearances against Texas , took a shutout into the fifth	True
In his 21st season , Beltre became the active hits leader while on the disabled list when Ichiro Suzuki , with 3,089 hits , was removed from Seattle 's 40-player roster last week for another role with the Mariners . Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) , winless with an 8.90 ERA in six previous appearances against Texas , took a shutout into the fifth before Jurickson Profar 's leadoff homer , his second	False
Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) , winless with an 8.90 ERA in six previous appearances against Texas , took a shutout into the fifth before Jurickson Profar 's leadoff homer , his second . The right-hander gave up six hits and two runs with five strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . Shane Greene struck out the side after a leadoff single in the ninth	False
Shane Greene struck out the side after a leadoff single in the ninth for his first four - out save of the season and seventh overall in nine chances . Martinez 's third homer was a two - run shot after Candelario connected with the bases empty for his fifth	False
Martinez 's third homer was a two - run shot after Candelario connected with the bases empty for his fifth . Candelario is tied for the team lead with leadoff hitter Leonys Martin , the former Texas center fielder who was out of the lineup and is headed to the DL with a left hamstring strain . Iglesias connected on a two - run shot , his first	False
Martinez 's third homer was a two - run shot after Candelario connected with the bases empty for his fifth . Candelario is tied for the team lead with leadoff hitter Leonys Martin , the former Texas center fielder who was out of the lineup and is headed to the DL with a left hamstring strain . Iglesias connected on a two - run shot , his first of the season , for a 5 - 0 lead in the second	True
Eddie Rosario homered and drove in five runs , Lynn earned his first AL victory and the Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Saturday night . Rosario had four hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Matt Magill allowed a run on two hits in two innings in relief of Lynn , and Phil Hughes recorded the final three outs . Santiago allowed six hits and six walks before being replaced by Chris Volstad with one out in the fourth	True
Gleyber Torres , at 21 , became the youngest Yankees player to hit a home run since 1969 . He connected in the first matchup between these teams since New York won the decisive Game 5 of the AL Division Series in Cleveland last October . Aaron Judge homered , doubled and drew a bases-loaded walk in the eighth	True
Gleyber Torres , at 21 , became the youngest Yankees player to hit a home run since 1969 . He connected in the first matchup between these teams since New York won the decisive Game 5 of the AL Division Series in Cleveland last October . Aaron Judge homered , doubled and drew a bases-loaded walk in the eighth that put the Yankees ahead 6 - 5 . Cleveland tied it in the ninth	False
Sanchez has allowed 20 wild pitches this season to go along with five passed balls . Giancarlo Stanton doubled off Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) to begin the Yankees ninth	True
Sanchez has allowed 20 wild pitches this season to go along with five passed balls . Giancarlo Stanton doubled off Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) to begin the Yankees ninth , and closer Cody Allen relieved . With two outs and runners on second	False
Sanchez has allowed 20 wild pitches this season to go along with five passed balls . Giancarlo Stanton doubled off Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) to begin the Yankees ninth , and closer Cody Allen relieved . With two outs and runners on second and third	False
Giancarlo Stanton doubled off Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) to begin the Yankees ninth , and closer Cody Allen relieved . With two outs and runners on second and third , Andujar looped a soft single . Down 5 - 0 in the eighth	True
The Indians needed relief help after a splitting a high-scoring , rain-delayed doubleheader against Toronto on Thursday . The AL Central leaders arrived at their New York hotel around 3:30 a.m . Torres lined a three - run drive into the left field seats in the fourth	True
Judge did a little jig to celebrate , then did a jog of his own around the bases when he hit his eighth home run later in the inning . Sanchez hit his ninth homer , connecting in the fifth	True
In the game , Molina tied Hall of Famer Johnny Bench at 1,742 games for 16th in career games caught . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) picked up his first win of the season with a perfect ninth	True
The White Sox wasted a good start by James Shields , who pitched six strong innings after giving up a leadoff home run . Tommy Pham hit a 3 - 2 fastball off him for a 454-foot home run into the left-field seats . It was his first leadoff homer in his career and the second	False
Tommy Pham hit a 3 - 2 fastball off him for a 454-foot home run into the left-field seats . It was his first leadoff homer in his career and the second this season for St. Louis . Shields retired the next 15 batters before giving up a single to Kolten Wong in the sixth	True
Shields retired the next 15 batters before giving up a single to Kolten Wong in the sixth . He allowed just two hits . Shields , who has not won since opening day , struck out four and did not walk a batter . The White Sox scored twice in the fourth	True
Michael Wacha pitched five innings in his second career appearance against the White Sox . He walked three and allowed hits . The Cardinals ran themselves out of a scoring chance in the seventh	True
The Cardinals ran themselves out of a scoring chance in the seventh . Against reliever Bruce Rondon , St. Louis had a runner at third	False
Rodney took his fourth blown save in 21 chances this season , ending a streak of 15 consecutive conversions . Morrison hit his ninth home run deep to right to lead off the seventh	True
Rodney took his fourth blown save in 21 chances this season , ending a streak of 15 consecutive conversions . Morrison hit his ninth home run deep to right to lead off the seventh for the first run of the game . The drive was just Minnesota 's second hit off White Sox starter Lucas Giolito , who did n't allow any hits until Eddie Rosario lined a double off first baseman Jose Abreu 's glove with one out in the sixth	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- The only thing that would have made Brandon Crawford feel better about his game-ending homer was if it had come early enough to reward Madison Bumgarner with a win . Crawford homered with one out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Colorado starter Kyle Freeland matched Bumgarner with seven spotless innings of his own , setting the stage for Crawford 's dramatic shot . Left-hander Harrison Musgrave ( 0 - 3 ) entered in the ninth	True
Bumgarner walked the next two batters to load the bases before escaping the jam by striking out Freeland . The 2014 World Series MVP allowed just two hits with eight strikeouts in his second consecutive scoreless start . He pitched eight shutout innings to beat San Diego for his first win of the season last Thursday . Freeland was just as stingy , permitting only four hits and pitching around a pair of errors by first baseman Ian Desmond . Freeland got Pablo Sandoval to ground out with runners on first	False
Bumgarner walked the next two batters to load the bases before escaping the jam by striking out Freeland . The 2014 World Series MVP allowed just two hits with eight strikeouts in his second consecutive scoreless start . He pitched eight shutout innings to beat San Diego for his first win of the season last Thursday . Freeland was just as stingy , permitting only four hits and pitching around a pair of errors by first baseman Ian Desmond . Freeland got Pablo Sandoval to ground out with runners on first and third	False
Bumgarner walked the next two batters to load the bases before escaping the jam by striking out Freeland . The 2014 World Series MVP allowed just two hits with eight strikeouts in his second consecutive scoreless start . He pitched eight shutout innings to beat San Diego for his first win of the season last Thursday . Freeland was just as stingy , permitting only four hits and pitching around a pair of errors by first baseman Ian Desmond . Freeland got Pablo Sandoval to ground out with runners on first and third to end the fourth	True
Bumgarner walked the next two batters to load the bases before escaping the jam by striking out Freeland . The 2014 World Series MVP allowed just two hits with eight strikeouts in his second consecutive scoreless start . He pitched eight shutout innings to beat San Diego for his first win of the season last Thursday . Freeland was just as stingy , permitting only four hits and pitching around a pair of errors by first baseman Ian Desmond . Freeland got Pablo Sandoval to ground out with runners on first and third to end the fourth , and retired Crawford on a popup with runners at the corners to end the sixth	True
Nathan Eovaldi took a no-hitter into the sixth inning before an unusual combination of relievers in the ninth completed a three - hitter as the Rays beat Max Scherzer and the Washington Nationals 1 - 0 Tuesday . Eovaldi ( 2 - 3 ) lost his no-hit bid when Bryce Harper hit an opposite-field double off the left-field wall with two outs in the sixth	True
However , it was the ninth inning that stole the spotlight . After Diego Castillo went two innings , lefty Jose Alvarado began the ninth	True
Alvarado declined to talk to reporters after the game . There was a brief scrum near the mound after Taylor struck out when Romo exchanged words with the Washington outfielder , who had stolen second	False
Tampa Bay is 7 - 5 during a stretch of 16 games against the Yankees , Nationals and Houston Astros . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first	True
Tampa Bay is 7 - 5 during a stretch of 16 games against the Yankees , Nationals and Houston Astros . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first when Kevin Kiermaier singled , advanced to third	False
Parra also homered for Colorado . Dietrich , who hit .438 on the nine - game road trip and is hitting .410 in June , led off the second	True
Parra also homered for Colorado . Dietrich , who hit .438 on the nine - game road trip and is hitting .410 in June , led off the second with a home run , his 11th	False
Parra also homered for Colorado . Dietrich , who hit .438 on the nine - game road trip and is hitting .410 in June , led off the second with a home run , his 11th . He added an RBI single in a two - run seventh	True
The Dodgers are now 2 1/2 games behind NL West-leading Arizona . The Mets matched a team record for the most homers allowed in a game , and lost their sixth	False
The Mets matched a team record for the most homers allowed in a game , and lost their sixth in a row overall . Turner , a former Met , homered off Chris Flexen ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs to put the Dodgers up for good . Los Angeles had squandered a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth	True
Turner , a former Met , homered off Chris Flexen ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs to put the Dodgers up for good . Los Angeles had squandered a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth when Kevin Plawecki hit a tying , three - run shot . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) picked up the victory with two scoreless innings . He worked around a leadoff walk in the 10th	True
Turner , a former Met , homered off Chris Flexen ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs to put the Dodgers up for good . Los Angeles had squandered a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth when Kevin Plawecki hit a tying , three - run shot . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) picked up the victory with two scoreless innings . He worked around a leadoff walk in the 10th and stranded a runner at second	False
Turner , a former Met , homered off Chris Flexen ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs to put the Dodgers up for good . Los Angeles had squandered a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth when Kevin Plawecki hit a tying , three - run shot . Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) picked up the victory with two scoreless innings . He worked around a leadoff walk in the 10th and stranded a runner at second in the 11th	False
New York has scored just once in its last 25 innings . Adames had an RBI single during a two - run second	True
New York has scored just once in its last 25 innings . Adames had an RBI single during a two - run second and added a solo homer in the seventh	True
Gray gave up four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . After Jake Bauers had a first-inning RBI double , Tampa Bay took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
After Jake Bauers had a first-inning RBI double , Tampa Bay took a 3 - 0 lead in the second when Daniel Robertson hit a run-scoring double and scored on Adames ' single . The Yankees had one hit in eight at-bats with runners in scoring position , including three unsuccessful tries in both the second	True
CHICAGO -- Franklin Barreto insisted he did n't make any big adjustments at the plate to spark this power surge . It 's just happening , and he sure is enjoying it . Barreto hit a pair of three - run homers and the Oakland Athletics won their season-high fifth	False
Barreto is on a tear the past two games , with three three - run homers . He went deep in Wednesday 's romp at San Diego and went off against the White Sox . He connected against James Shields to cap a four - run second inning and off Luis Avilan in the eighth	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Eric Hosmer 's first single barely stayed fair and never made it past third base . His second	False
Hosmer reached base three times , Richard pitched three - hit ball over six innings for his fourth consecutive win and San Diego beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 2 on Friday night . The Padres were clinging to a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth	True
The Padres were clinging to a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth before scoring three times . Hosmer 's two - run single to left off Will Smith was the pivotal blow and came after the Giants intentionally walked Wil Myers . Hosmer 's hit in the ninth	False
The Padres were clinging to a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth before scoring three times . Hosmer 's two - run single to left off Will Smith was the pivotal blow and came after the Giants intentionally walked Wil Myers . Hosmer 's hit in the ninth was in stark contrast to his infield single in the third	True
San Diego 's bullpen made Richard 's performance hold up , but it was dicey at times . Green used three relievers to get out of the seventh	True
San Diego 's bullpen made Richard 's performance hold up , but it was dicey at times . Green used three relievers to get out of the seventh . Kirby Yates allowed a leadoff single in the eighth	True
San Diego 's bullpen made Richard 's performance hold up , but it was dicey at times . Green used three relievers to get out of the seventh . Kirby Yates allowed a leadoff single in the eighth before setting down the next three . Brad Hand retired all three batters he faced in the ninth	False
Gorkys Hernandez doubled twice off Richard . San Diego scored the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
San Diego scored the go-ahead run in the sixth on a throwing error by catcher Nick Hundley . Spangenberg slid into first base with an infield single after initially being called out . After Freddy Galvis singled Spangenberg to third	False
Margot followed with an RBI single . Sandoval 's two - out single in the seventh	True
Domingo German tossed two - hit ball over a career-high seven innings and Giancarlo Stanton hit one of New York 's four home runs Tuesday night in a 7 - 2 victory against the Mariners . Miguel Andujar and Aaron Hicks each belted a two - run shot off Marco Gonzales in the fifth	True
Miguel Andujar and Aaron Hicks each belted a two - run shot off Marco Gonzales in the fifth . Hicks homered for the third straight day and finished with three hits from the leadoff spot as the Yankees ( 48 - 22 ) moved a season-best 26 games above .500 . Coming off a four - hit game , Stanton sent a solo drive to straightaway center field in the first	True
Miguel Andujar and Aaron Hicks each belted a two - run shot off Marco Gonzales in the fifth . Hicks homered for the third straight day and finished with three hits from the leadoff spot as the Yankees ( 48 - 22 ) moved a season-best 26 games above .500 . Coming off a four - hit game , Stanton sent a solo drive to straightaway center field in the first . Aaron Judge had an RBI single in the seventh	False
Miguel Andujar and Aaron Hicks each belted a two - run shot off Marco Gonzales in the fifth . Hicks homered for the third straight day and finished with three hits from the leadoff spot as the Yankees ( 48 - 22 ) moved a season-best 26 games above .500 . Coming off a four - hit game , Stanton sent a solo drive to straightaway center field in the first . Aaron Judge had an RBI single in the seventh , and rookie phenom Gleyber Torres added his 14th home run in the eighth	True
Coming off a four - hit game , Stanton sent a solo drive to straightaway center field in the first . Aaron Judge had an RBI single in the seventh , and rookie phenom Gleyber Torres added his 14th home run in the eighth . The first two batters reached against German ( 2 - 4 ) on a double and an error . The rookie right-hander then retired 19 in a row until Nelson Cruz homered in the seventh	True
Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) struck out seven without issuing a walk in his third career start , looking very much like the kid who tied a franchise record by striking out 13 in his major league debut last month . The Brewers sent him down to the minors after his second start to work on his control and he appeared to be firmly in command against the Pirates . Jesus Aguilar finished 2 for 3 and drove in all three runs off Jameson Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) . Aguilar hit a two - run shot to the seats in right-center in the first	True
Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) struck out seven without issuing a walk in his third career start , looking very much like the kid who tied a franchise record by striking out 13 in his major league debut last month . The Brewers sent him down to the minors after his second start to work on his control and he appeared to be firmly in command against the Pirates . Jesus Aguilar finished 2 for 3 and drove in all three runs off Jameson Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) . Aguilar hit a two - run shot to the seats in right-center in the first and doubled down the line in left field in the third	True
Jesus Aguilar finished 2 for 3 and drove in all three runs off Jameson Taillon ( 4 - 6 ) . Aguilar hit a two - run shot to the seats in right-center in the first and doubled down the line in left field in the third . Corey Knebel worked around a two - out walk in the ninth	True
Corey Knebel worked around a two - out walk in the ninth for his seventh save for the first-place Brewers , who ended a three - game losing streak . Starling Marte hit his ninth home run of the season in the eighth	True
Corey Knebel worked around a two - out walk in the ninth for his seventh save for the first-place Brewers , who ended a three - game losing streak . Starling Marte hit his ninth home run of the season in the eighth off Milwaukee reliever Jeremy Jeffress to pull Pittsburgh with one . Jordy Mercer had an RBI double in the seventh	True
Starling Marte hit his ninth home run of the season in the eighth off Milwaukee reliever Jeremy Jeffress to pull Pittsburgh with one . Jordy Mercer had an RBI double in the seventh but Pittsburgh 's offense mustered little with Peralta on the mound . The 22-year-old attacked the Pirates high in the strike zone and threw 62 of his 99 pitches for strikes . Only Marte seemed able to generate solid contact . He reached second	False
Starling Marte hit his ninth home run of the season in the eighth off Milwaukee reliever Jeremy Jeffress to pull Pittsburgh with one . Jordy Mercer had an RBI double in the seventh but Pittsburgh 's offense mustered little with Peralta on the mound . The 22-year-old attacked the Pirates high in the strike zone and threw 62 of his 99 pitches for strikes . Only Marte seemed able to generate solid contact . He reached second in the first	True
Taillon , coming off a solid outing in a win in Arizona last week , had plenty of swing-and-miss stuff -- he recorded seven strikeouts in five innings -- but had no answer for Aguilar . Lorenzo Cain led off the game with an infield single and two batters later Aguilar put one in the seats to put Milwaukee up 2 - 0 . A nearly identical sequence happened in the third	True
Bregman hit a game-ending , two - run double , and the Houston Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 to match a franchise record with their 12th straight win . Houston trailed 4 - 0 after three innings but cut the lead to one entering the ninth	True
Houston trailed 4 - 0 after three innings but cut the lead to one entering the ninth . Sergio Romo ( 1 - 2 ) walked Marwin Gonzalez to start the ninth	True
Romo declined to speak to reporters after the game , but manager Kevin Cash discussed his work . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) struck out two in a scoreless ninth	True
Romo was the seventh pitcher the Rays used as they employed a reliever as a starter for the 16th time in 30 games . Cole walked Jake Bauers with one out in the first	True
Cole walked Jake Bauers with one out in the first before Ramos launched a fastball into the seats in right field to give Tampa Bay a 2 - 0 lead . Matt Duffy drew a walk with one out in the third	True
Cole walked Jake Bauers with one out in the first before Ramos launched a fastball into the seats in right field to give Tampa Bay a 2 - 0 lead . Matt Duffy drew a walk with one out in the third , stole second base and took third	False
Matt Duffy drew a walk with one out in the third , stole second base and took third on an error by catcher Brian McCann . Cole , who had n't walked more than three in a game this season , walked Bauers and Ramos to load the bases . A two - out single by Joey Wendle came next to score two and push the lead to 4 - 0 . Altuve , who finished with three hits , singled with one out in the fourth	True
Altuve , who finished with three hits , singled with one out in the fourth , and Carlos Correa followed with a double . Houston got within 4 - 1 on a ground ball single by Yuli Gurriel , which scored Altuve . The Astros made it 4 - 2 when Correa scored on a sacrifice fly by Josh Reddick . Altuve doubled and reached third	False
Altuve , who finished with three hits , singled with one out in the fourth , and Carlos Correa followed with a double . Houston got within 4 - 1 on a ground ball single by Yuli Gurriel , which scored Altuve . The Astros made it 4 - 2 when Correa scored on a sacrifice fly by Josh Reddick . Altuve doubled and reached third on an error by Johnny Field to start Houston 's sixth	True
A string of solid outings by the veteran left-hander , though , has Detroit management reconsidering that plan . Nicholas Castellanos homered and Hardy pitched one - run ball into the sixth	True
Matt Davidson hit his 12th homer and Kevan Smith had two hits for Chicago , which has dropped four straight . James Shields ( 2 - 8 ) allowed three runs on six hits in six - plus innings . Shields walked Jeimer Candelario with one out in the first	True
James Shields ( 2 - 8 ) allowed three runs on six hits in six - plus innings . Shields walked Jeimer Candelario with one out in the first and Castellanos followed with a homer . After Davidson 's solo homer in the second -- his first since May 13 -- Iglesias drove in Niko Goodrum in the fourth	True
It was a nice boost for Skaggs to get a big lead early and see his teammates come out strong despite all the injuries . Jose Briceno and Jose Miguel Fernandez had RBI singles in the third	True
Jose Briceno and Jose Miguel Fernandez had RBI singles in the third as Los Angeles bounced back with a big offensive night after having lost four straight following a six - game winning streak . The Angels avoided matching their longest losing streak of the season . Skaggs did n't allow a run until consecutive RBI doubles by Josh Phegley and Marcus Semien in the fifth	True
He received no runs of support for a second straight outing -- the seventh time in 25 career starts the A 's failed to score for him -- and he has received two or fewer runs of support in 21 of his 25 starts . Angels reliever Justin Anderson received a mound visit from Scioscia and a trainer after loading the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
Brandon Crawford 's groundout in the first inning drove in the only run for the Giants , who had just three hits . Kyle Barraclough pitched a perfect ninth	True
JT Riddle had a two - run double for Miami , and Starlin Castro had two hits and knocked in a run . San Francisco right-hander Chris Stratton ( 7 - 4 ) worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the second inning , but ran into trouble in the third	True
No team in the big leagues has more wins than Boston ( 46 ) . The Red Sox are 12 - 1 in Rodriguez 's starts , including 5 - 0 on the road , and 8 - 1 overall against Baltimore . Devers hit a two - run drive in the second inning and Benintendi connected in the third	True
No team in the big leagues has more wins than Boston ( 46 ) . The Red Sox are 12 - 1 in Rodriguez 's starts , including 5 - 0 on the road , and 8 - 1 overall against Baltimore . Devers hit a two - run drive in the second inning and Benintendi connected in the third for a 3 - 1 lead . A bases-loaded walk and a run-scoring balk made it 5 - 2 in the fourth	True
Joey Rickard homered for the Orioles , who own the worst record in the big leagues ( 19 - 47 ) and have endured six losing streaks of at least five games . Before Mark Trumbo doubled in two runs in the ninth	True
PHOENIX -- Pittsburgh starter Joe Musgrove worked out of a couple of jams to help his team build a five - run lead over Arizona after six innings . When he opened the seventh	True
The Pirates led 5 - 0 behind Musgrove until the right-hander opened the seventh inning by hitting Owings on the first pitch -- retaliation for Josh Harrison being plunked in the top half . Nick Ahmed followed with a run-scoring single , Daniel Descalso had another off Edgar Santana and Lamb tied it at 5-all on a three - run homer to left . Ketel Marte singled off Kyle Crick ( 0 - 1 ) to lead off the eighth	True
The Pirates led 5 - 0 behind Musgrove until the right-hander opened the seventh inning by hitting Owings on the first pitch -- retaliation for Josh Harrison being plunked in the top half . Nick Ahmed followed with a run-scoring single , Daniel Descalso had another off Edgar Santana and Lamb tied it at 5-all on a three - run homer to left . Ketel Marte singled off Kyle Crick ( 0 - 1 ) to lead off the eighth , moved to second	False
The Pirates led 5 - 0 behind Musgrove until the right-hander opened the seventh inning by hitting Owings on the first pitch -- retaliation for Josh Harrison being plunked in the top half . Nick Ahmed followed with a run-scoring single , Daniel Descalso had another off Edgar Santana and Lamb tied it at 5-all on a three - run homer to left . Ketel Marte singled off Kyle Crick ( 0 - 1 ) to lead off the eighth , moved to second on a walk and raced to third	False
Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the seventh inning to set up Arizona 's fourth straight win . Musgrove was sharp early against the Diamondbacks , working out of jams in the second	True
Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the seventh inning to set up Arizona 's fourth straight win . Musgrove was sharp early against the Diamondbacks , working out of jams in the second and sixth inning without allowing a run . His night came unraveled with the plunking of Owings . Musgrove gave up the single to Ahmed was lifted after a throwing error by third baseman David Freese put runners on first	False
Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the seventh inning to set up Arizona 's fourth straight win . Musgrove was sharp early against the Diamondbacks , working out of jams in the second and sixth inning without allowing a run . His night came unraveled with the plunking of Owings . Musgrove gave up the single to Ahmed was lifted after a throwing error by third baseman David Freese put runners on first and second	False
Corbin was solid his previous outing , holding the San Francisco Giants to a run on four hits in 6 1/3 innings . The left-hander was n't as sharp against the Pirates . He gave up an unearned run in the first inning to the Pirates on first baseman Paul Goldschmidt 's fielding error and four more in the fifth	True
Haniger threw out Johnny Field at the plate to end the game , and the Mariners held off the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 Sunday for their 17th win in 22 games . Waved home , Field tried to score from first	False
Seager gave Seattle a 5 - 3 lead on his seventh-inning drive off Jose Alvarado ( 0 - 3 ) . Wilson Ramos cut the Rays ' deficit to 5 - 4 with an RBI single in the eighth	True
According to baseballreference.com data dating to 1908 , the Mariners are the only team with 21 one - run wins through the first 65 games of a season . Zunino ended Nathan Eovaldi 's day by sending the right-hander 's 102nd pitch into the left field seats for a two - run homer that made it 3-all in the sixth	True
Eovaldi , making his third start since returning from a second Tommy John surgery in August 2016 , allowed three runs and four hits . After Field doubled in the third	True
Eovaldi , making his third start since returning from a second Tommy John surgery in August 2016 , allowed three runs and four hits . After Field doubled in the third and later scored on a grounder by Mallex Smith , Cron had a solo drive and Jake Bauers hit an RBI double that put Tampa Bay up 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
Cruz homered for the second consecutive game , a second-inning solo shot . Rays shortstop Daniel Robertson experienced left hamstring tightness running out a grounder in the first	True
Leonys Martin drove in two runs for Detroit , which lost a home series for the first time since April 13 . The Tigers were playing their 18th game in 17 days . The Indians took the lead with two runs in the second	True
Leonys Martin drove in two runs for Detroit , which lost a home series for the first time since April 13 . The Tigers were playing their 18th game in 17 days . The Indians took the lead with two runs in the second . Francisco Lindor singled , stole second	False
Leonys Martin drove in two runs for Detroit , which lost a home series for the first time since April 13 . The Tigers were playing their 18th game in 17 days . The Indians took the lead with two runs in the second . Francisco Lindor singled , stole second and took third	False
Martin 's groundout in the third brought home Hicks to make it 2 - 1 and end Kluber 's 20-inning scoreless streak against Detroit . Cabrera 's second sacrifice fly of the game , scoring Lindor again , gave the Indians a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Cabrera 's second sacrifice fly of the game , scoring Lindor again , gave the Indians a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the sixth off reliever Drew VerHagen and Gonzalez followed with a three - run double to put the Indians ahead 6 - 1 . Martin homered in the bottom of the sixth	False
Martin homered in the bottom of the sixth to make it 6 - 2 , but that was Detroit 's last run off Kluber . Cabrera drove in his third run of the game to restore Cleveland 's five - run lead in the eighth	True
Crawford went 4 for 4 with a two - run homer , and the Giants dealt Scherzer his first loss in more than two months , defeating the Nationals 2 - 0 to win the three - game series . After Pablo Sandoval walked leading off the fourth	True
Crawford went 4 for 4 with a two - run homer , and the Giants dealt Scherzer his first loss in more than two months , defeating the Nationals 2 - 0 to win the three - game series . After Pablo Sandoval walked leading off the fourth , Crawford homered into the second deck in right for his eighth	False
Crawford went 4 for 4 with a two - run homer , and the Giants dealt Scherzer his first loss in more than two months , defeating the Nationals 2 - 0 to win the three - game series . After Pablo Sandoval walked leading off the fourth , Crawford homered into the second deck in right for his eighth of the season . He singled in the first	True
Crawford went 4 for 4 with a two - run homer , and the Giants dealt Scherzer his first loss in more than two months , defeating the Nationals 2 - 0 to win the three - game series . After Pablo Sandoval walked leading off the fourth , Crawford homered into the second deck in right for his eighth of the season . He singled in the first and doubled in the sixth	True
Crawford went 4 for 4 with a two - run homer , and the Giants dealt Scherzer his first loss in more than two months , defeating the Nationals 2 - 0 to win the three - game series . After Pablo Sandoval walked leading off the fourth , Crawford homered into the second deck in right for his eighth of the season . He singled in the first and doubled in the sixth off Scherzer and added a double off Matt Grace in the eighth	True
Crawford has been great for the past six weeks . Since May 1 , he is hitting an MLB-best .439 ( 58 for 132 ) and has raised his average to .338 . Crawford admitted he might have cost himself the cycle when he lashed a hit down the left-field line in the eighth	True
Crawford admitted he might have cost himself the cycle when he lashed a hit down the left-field line in the eighth and ended up with his second double . Derek Holland ( 4 - 6 ) , a 10-year veteran facing Washington for the first time , allowed three hits and two walks in five innings as five pitchers combined for the three - hitter . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Austin Jackson had the Giants ' only other hit against Scherzer . Holland allowed the first two Nationals to reach in the second	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Alen Hanson has experience as a pinch-hitter , and he 's putting it to good use with his new team . Hanson had a tying , two - run homer off Brad Boxberger with two outs in the ninth inning , Brandon Crawford singled home Andrew McCutchen in the 10th	True
Hanson had a tying , two - run homer off Brad Boxberger with two outs in the ninth inning , Brandon Crawford singled home Andrew McCutchen in the 10th and the San Francisco Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Wednesday for their sixth win in seven games . Arizona led 4 - 2 when Boxberger walked Mac Williamson with one out in the ninth	True
San Francisco took two of three from Arizona , ending a streak of five series losses to the Diamondbacks , and won for the seventh time in eight home games . McCutchen doubled off Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) with two outs in the 10th	True
McCutchen doubled off Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) with two outs in the 10th , a catchable drive that Jarrod Dyson misjudged and allowed to drop behind him on the warning track in center field . Crawford worked the count full and grounded a single between first	False
McCutchen doubled off Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) with two outs in the 10th , a catchable drive that Jarrod Dyson misjudged and allowed to drop behind him on the warning track in center field . Crawford worked the count full and grounded a single between first and second	False
Crawford turned on a slider Chafin left over the middle of the plate . Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 2 ) got out of a two - on jam in the 10th	True
Arizona starter Clay Buchholz gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings with seven strikeouts and one walk . The 33-year-old right-hander has a 1.88 ERA since signing with the Diamondbacks on May 4 , three days after the two - time All-Star was released by Kansas City . Pablo Sandoval hit his fifth home run of the season in the first	True
Marichal was 243 - 142 in 471 games ( 457 starts ) for three teams from 1960 - 75 , spending the first 14 of those 16 seasons with the San Francisco Giants . Colon is 243 - 179 in 550 games ( 539 starts ) Jurickson Profar homered twice , while Joey Gallo and Ronald Guzman also went deep for the Rangers in the first four innings against Oakland right-handed starter Daniel Mengden ( 6 - 5 ) . Profar had his first multihomer game , and added a two - run single in the seventh	True
Jurickson Profar homered twice , while Joey Gallo and Ronald Guzman also went deep for the Rangers in the first four innings against Oakland right-handed starter Daniel Mengden ( 6 - 5 ) . Profar had his first multihomer game , and added a two - run single in the seventh for a career-high five RBI . Colon held the A 's scoreless until Khris Davis hit his 15th homer , a two - run shot that made it 6 - 2 with two outs in the fifth	True
Colon held the A 's scoreless until Khris Davis hit his 15th homer , a two - run shot that made it 6 - 2 with two outs in the fifth . Colon got an inning-ended flyball on his 97th pitch and then did fist-bumps with teammates in the dugout . Texas led 3 - 0 in the first	True
Texas led 3 - 0 in the first after Profar hit a two - run shot and Gallo immediately followed with his 17th homer . Both also homered Tuesday night , when the Rangers went deep a season-high five times against Oakland . Profar hit another in the third	True
Scherzer joins Hall of Famers Lefty Grove , Randy Johnson , Sandy Koufax and Nolan Ryan as the only pitchers to accomplish the feat twice . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth	True
Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 opportunities . Scherzer , who has struck out 25 over 16 innings in his last two starts , scattered five hits to Tampa Bay and did not allow a runner past second base until pinch hitter Brad Miller 's two - out double in the eighth	True
Scherzer , who has struck out 25 over 16 innings in his last two starts , scattered five hits to Tampa Bay and did not allow a runner past second base until pinch hitter Brad Miller 's two - out double in the eighth . Washington first baseman Matt Adams ' solo homer to lead off the second opened the scoring . Juan Soto then singled , moved to third	False
The Orioles ended a skid that matched their longest of the season and posted their first win at Citi Field . Baltimore had n't topped the Mets on the road since 2006 at Shea Stadium . The Mets lost their fifth	False
The right-hander began the game with a 6.80 ERA , hardly what the Orioles envisioned when they gave the former Tampa Bay pitcher a $ 57 million , four - year deal . Cobb held the Mets hitless until Jay Bruce led off the fifth	True
Cobb held the Mets hitless until Jay Bruce led off the fifth with a single . The Mets later ended a 21-inning scoreless string on pinch-hitter Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Baltimore reliever Richard Bleier got Asdrubal Cabrera to ground into a double play with two on to end the eighth	True
Cobb held the Mets hitless until Jay Bruce led off the fifth with a single . The Mets later ended a 21-inning scoreless string on pinch-hitter Jose Bautista 's sacrifice fly . Baltimore reliever Richard Bleier got Asdrubal Cabrera to ground into a double play with two on to end the eighth . Brad Brach worked the ninth	True
Haniger 's drive went out to right-center field , capping a game that lasted 4 hours , 16 minutes . Haniger jumped into a crowd of teammates at home plate and was doused with a bucket of blue Gatorade . The home run was his 12th	False
Matt Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) was the last of seven Tampa Bay pitchers . He pitched a scoreless 12th inning before giving up Haniger 's game-ending shot . Seattle closer Edwin Diaz gave up the tying run in the ninth	True
Matt Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) was the last of seven Tampa Bay pitchers . He pitched a scoreless 12th inning before giving up Haniger 's game-ending shot . Seattle closer Edwin Diaz gave up the tying run in the ninth , his third blown save this season in 22 opportunities . Matt Duffy singled home Joey Wendle after Wendle walked , stole second	False
Matt Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) was the last of seven Tampa Bay pitchers . He pitched a scoreless 12th inning before giving up Haniger 's game-ending shot . Seattle closer Edwin Diaz gave up the tying run in the ninth , his third blown save this season in 22 opportunities . Matt Duffy singled home Joey Wendle after Wendle walked , stole second and reached third	False
Veteran reliever Sergio Romo made his fifth start for the Rays as part of their experiment to open games with the bullpen . Romo faced five batters in 1 1/3 innings before leaving after walking Haniger . Romo has n't pitched more than 1 1/3 innings in any of his starts while allowing four runs in 4 2/3 innings . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Veteran reliever Sergio Romo made his fifth start for the Rays as part of their experiment to open games with the bullpen . Romo faced five batters in 1 1/3 innings before leaving after walking Haniger . Romo has n't pitched more than 1 1/3 innings in any of his starts while allowing four runs in 4 2/3 innings . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Nelson Cruz singled to right to score Jean Segura from second	False
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Nelson Cruz singled to right to score Jean Segura from second . Segura reached base on an infield single off Austin Pruitt before Kyle Seager beat the shift and singled to left . Seattle took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Nelson Cruz singled to right to score Jean Segura from second . Segura reached base on an infield single off Austin Pruitt before Kyle Seager beat the shift and singled to left . Seattle took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Ryon Healy 's single scored Ben Gamel , who started the inning with a triple . After Guillermo Heredia doubled , Healy scored from third	False
Seattle took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Ryon Healy 's single scored Ben Gamel , who started the inning with a triple . After Guillermo Heredia doubled , Healy scored from third on a groundout by David Freitas . It was n't a good inning defensively for Tampa Bay center fielder Mallex Smith , who dived trying to catch two line drives in the gap but let both balls roll to the wall . Leake pitched four scoreless innings and had two outs in the fifth	False
Dozier opened the bottom of the first inning with a double off the right-field wall in a two - hit night . Escobar 's three - run homer in the first started the scoring against Indians starter Carlos Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) . Escobar added a solo shot , his 10th	False
Dozier opened the bottom of the first inning with a double off the right-field wall in a two - hit night . Escobar 's three - run homer in the first started the scoring against Indians starter Carlos Carrasco ( 6 - 4 ) . Escobar added a solo shot , his 10th of the season , in the seventh	True
Hours after his team picked up Texas closer Keone Kela and Tampa Bay starting pitcher Chris Archer in an effort to give Pittsburgh 's surprising postseason push a jolt , Taillon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Pirates held on late for a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Gregory Polanco hit his team-leading 19th home run , a solo shot in the eighth	True
Hours after his team picked up Texas closer Keone Kela and Tampa Bay starting pitcher Chris Archer in an effort to give Pittsburgh 's surprising postseason push a jolt , Taillon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Pirates held on late for a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Gregory Polanco hit his team-leading 19th home run , a solo shot in the eighth that gave the Pirates a two - run cushion . They needed it after closer Felipe Vazquez gave up a single to pinch-hitter David Bote leading off the top of the ninth	True
Gregory Polanco hit his team-leading 19th home run , a solo shot in the eighth that gave the Pirates a two - run cushion . They needed it after closer Felipe Vazquez gave up a single to pinch-hitter David Bote leading off the top of the ninth and Addison Russell followed with a shot to the gap in right-center that scored Bote . Russell sped to third	False
Russell sped to third on the play and was initially ruled safe , but the call was overturned upon review . Vazquez retired the next two batters to pick up his 24th save in 28 opportunities . David Freese added a pair of RBI doubles for the Pirates , including a drive to the gap in right-center in the fifth	True
David Freese added a pair of RBI doubles for the Pirates , including a drive to the gap in right-center in the fifth that scored Polanco and put Pittsburgh ahead to stay as the resurgent Pirates won for the 16th time in 20 games . Taillon ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings of work , his lone mistake an off-speed pitch to Javy Baez in the fourth	True
All five runs were scored with two outs . Urena gave the Marlins an early lead with a base hit in the second	True
Urena gave the Marlins an early lead with a base hit in the second . Martin Prado 's double to deep center field past Bryce Harper gave Miami a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Martin Prado 's double to deep center field past Bryce Harper gave Miami a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Miami plated three runs in the fifth	True
The Rangers won even though they struck out 19 times -- the most Houston pitchers have recorded in a nine - inning game in franchise history . It was 1-all in the sixth	True
He said it hurt quite a bit during the game , but he did n't have time to contemplate how close the cleats came to his eye . He advanced to third	False
The Rangers pushed the lead to 4 - 1 on an RBI double by Ronald Guzman that chased McCullers . Mike Minor ( 7 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two runs while striking out eight in six innings for his first win since June 27 . Keone Kela allowed a run in the ninth	True
McCullers yielded six hits and four runs -- three earned -- and struck out 11 in 5 1/3 innings to lose his third straight start . Tyler White , recalled from Triple-A Fresno before the game , put Houston up 1 - 0 with two outs in the second	True
Tyler White , recalled from Triple-A Fresno before the game , put Houston up 1 - 0 with two outs in the second with a home run . McCullers retired the first 11 batters he faced , fanning six , before Profar singled with two outs in the fourth inning . Delino DeShields hit an RBI double in the fifth	True
Williams has started six of Pittsburgh 's 12 shutouts this season . The Pirates have won 13 of their past 15 games , while the Mets have lost two straight after winning their previous three games . Pittsburgh 's first run came after deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) began the sixth inning with two strikeouts . Gregory Polanco singled down the right-field line before stealing second	False
Pittsburgh 's first run came after deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) began the sixth inning with two strikeouts . Gregory Polanco singled down the right-field line before stealing second . Colin Moran singled to right , scoring Polanco . David Freese , who had five RBI in a 5 - 4 win Friday , pinch-hit in the seventh	True
Pittsburgh 's first run came after deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) began the sixth inning with two strikeouts . Gregory Polanco singled down the right-field line before stealing second . Colin Moran singled to right , scoring Polanco . David Freese , who had five RBI in a 5 - 4 win Friday , pinch-hit in the seventh , grounding out but scoring Jordan Luplow from third	False
Pittsburgh 's first run came after deGrom ( 5 - 6 ) began the sixth inning with two strikeouts . Gregory Polanco singled down the right-field line before stealing second . Colin Moran singled to right , scoring Polanco . David Freese , who had five RBI in a 5 - 4 win Friday , pinch-hit in the seventh , grounding out but scoring Jordan Luplow from third . Adam Frazier followed with a double to right , driving in Jordy Mercer from second	False
David Freese , who had five RBI in a 5 - 4 win Friday , pinch-hit in the seventh , grounding out but scoring Jordan Luplow from third . Adam Frazier followed with a double to right , driving in Jordy Mercer from second to make it 3 - 0 . Moran drove in Polanco again with a single up the middle in the eighth	False
Moran drove in Polanco again with a single up the middle in the eighth , extending it to 4 - 0 . Polanco was 3 for 4 with two doubles ; Moran was 2 for 4 with two RBI . Francisco Cervelli made it 5 - 0 later in the eighth	False
Francisco Cervelli made it 5 - 0 later in the eighth with a single that scored Luplow . Williams got out of trouble in consecutive innings , first	False
Francisco Cervelli made it 5 - 0 later in the eighth with a single that scored Luplow . Williams got out of trouble in consecutive innings , first when he got Devin Mesoraco to ground into a double play with one out and the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Francisco Cervelli made it 5 - 0 later in the eighth with a single that scored Luplow . Williams got out of trouble in consecutive innings , first when he got Devin Mesoraco to ground into a double play with one out and the bases loaded in the fourth . An inning later , he struck out Brandon Nimmo and forced Wilmer Flores to pop up to third	False
Francisco Cervelli made it 5 - 0 later in the eighth with a single that scored Luplow . Williams got out of trouble in consecutive innings , first when he got Devin Mesoraco to ground into a double play with one out and the bases loaded in the fourth . An inning later , he struck out Brandon Nimmo and forced Wilmer Flores to pop up to third , stranding runners on first	False
Francisco Cervelli made it 5 - 0 later in the eighth with a single that scored Luplow . Williams got out of trouble in consecutive innings , first when he got Devin Mesoraco to ground into a double play with one out and the bases loaded in the fourth . An inning later , he struck out Brandon Nimmo and forced Wilmer Flores to pop up to third , stranding runners on first and second	False
Votto drove in two runs and four players each knocked in one for the Reds , who are last in the NL Central but beat the East Division-leading Phillies for the second straight day . Billy Hamilton started Cincinnati 's sixth-inning rally against Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) with a sharp one - hopper that caromed off third baseman Maikel Franco 's glove into foul territory , giving the speedy Hamilton plenty of time to easily reach second	False
Votto drove in two runs and four players each knocked in one for the Reds , who are last in the NL Central but beat the East Division-leading Phillies for the second straight day . Billy Hamilton started Cincinnati 's sixth-inning rally against Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) with a sharp one - hopper that caromed off third baseman Maikel Franco 's glove into foul territory , giving the speedy Hamilton plenty of time to easily reach second . He later scored from third	False
Billy Hamilton started Cincinnati 's sixth-inning rally against Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) with a sharp one - hopper that caromed off third baseman Maikel Franco 's glove into foul territory , giving the speedy Hamilton plenty of time to easily reach second . He later scored from third on Votto 's hit , which bounced high off Hernandez 's glove into short right field . Eugenio Suarez added a run-scoring fielder 's choice . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 2 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief in his first appearance since being recalled on Friday . Sal Romano , a starter making his second relief appearance of the season , and Jared Hughes each got double-play balls to finish the seventh	True
Billy Hamilton started Cincinnati 's sixth-inning rally against Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) with a sharp one - hopper that caromed off third baseman Maikel Franco 's glove into foul territory , giving the speedy Hamilton plenty of time to easily reach second . He later scored from third on Votto 's hit , which bounced high off Hernandez 's glove into short right field . Eugenio Suarez added a run-scoring fielder 's choice . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 2 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief in his first appearance since being recalled on Friday . Sal Romano , a starter making his second relief appearance of the season , and Jared Hughes each got double-play balls to finish the seventh and eighth	True
Billy Hamilton started Cincinnati 's sixth-inning rally against Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) with a sharp one - hopper that caromed off third baseman Maikel Franco 's glove into foul territory , giving the speedy Hamilton plenty of time to easily reach second . He later scored from third on Votto 's hit , which bounced high off Hernandez 's glove into short right field . Eugenio Suarez added a run-scoring fielder 's choice . Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 2 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief in his first appearance since being recalled on Friday . Sal Romano , a starter making his second relief appearance of the season , and Jared Hughes each got double-play balls to finish the seventh and eighth . Hughes pitched the ninth	False
Reds pitchers limited the Phillies to four hits . Cincinnati starter Matt Harvey , in perhaps his last start for the Reds before Tuesday 's non-waiver trade deadline , made himself more marketable . The former Met allowed two runs and two hits in five innings . Acquired May 8 for catcher Devin Mesoraco , Harvey walked two and struck out five . Both runs scored on Rhys Hoskins ' third home run of the series and 21st of the season in the fourth	True
Cincinnati starter Matt Harvey , in perhaps his last start for the Reds before Tuesday 's non-waiver trade deadline , made himself more marketable . The former Met allowed two runs and two hits in five innings . Acquired May 8 for catcher Devin Mesoraco , Harvey walked two and struck out five . Both runs scored on Rhys Hoskins ' third home run of the series and 21st of the season in the fourth . Vince Velasquez worked through a season-high five walks to last five innings , giving up two runs on six hits with four strikeouts . Velasquez struck out the last two batters he faced to escape a bases-loaded jam in the fifth	True
The Marlins beat the Nationals for only the second time in the past 18 meetings . This time the Marlins closed with a flurry . Magneuris Sierra reached on a bunt single to start the 10th	True
`` The ball barely is fair . It 's just a tough break . '' The Nationals tied the game in the ninth	True
`` The ball barely is fair . It 's just a tough break . '' The Nationals tied the game in the ninth on Daniel Murphy 's one - out RBI single off Kyle Barraclough . Third baseman Rojas made a diving stop of Taylor 's two - out grounder and threw him out to end the inning and strand a runner at third	False
The Nationals tied the game in the ninth on Daniel Murphy 's one - out RBI single off Kyle Barraclough . Third baseman Rojas made a diving stop of Taylor 's two - out grounder and threw him out to end the inning and strand a runner at third . Six Miami pitchers allowed only five hits . Brett Graves ( 1 - 1 ) lowered his ERA to 7.84 with a perfect 10th	True
Baltimore is going through a similar transition . Deep in last place in the AL East , the rebuilding Orioles traded Manny Machado to the Dodgers last week , dealt Zach Britton to the Yankees on Tuesday and appear ready to unload center fielder Adam Jones . Jonathan Schoop hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning for Baltimore and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the eighth	True
It was n't enough to prevent Cobb from absorbing another loss . Cobb was pulled after giving up three straight hits in the seventh	True
Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed five runs , seven hits , three walks and a hit batter in five innings . He had been 0 - 2 since beating the Chicago White Sox on April 17 and twice went on the disabled list . Blake Treinen allowed Adrian Beltre 's leadoff single in the ninth	True
Texas dropped to 42 - 62 and is 20 games under .500 for the first time since finishing 2014 at 67 - 95 . The game was tied at 3 in the fourth	True
The game was tied at 3 in the fourth when Dustin Fowler and Martini hit consecutive RBI triples , and Marcus Semien followed with a run-scoring single . Profar hit a two - run triple in the fifth	True
San Diego has lost or split its last 11 series . The Mets and Padres have the two worst records in the National League . Padres left-hander Clayton Richard ( 7 - 10 ) retired his first 12 batters on 36 pitches and carried a 2 - 0 lead into the fifth	True
San Diego has lost or split its last 11 series . The Mets and Padres have the two worst records in the National League . Padres left-hander Clayton Richard ( 7 - 10 ) retired his first 12 batters on 36 pitches and carried a 2 - 0 lead into the fifth . Freddy Galvis grounded into a run-scoring double play in the first	True
San Diego has lost or split its last 11 series . The Mets and Padres have the two worst records in the National League . Padres left-hander Clayton Richard ( 7 - 10 ) retired his first 12 batters on 36 pitches and carried a 2 - 0 lead into the fifth . Freddy Galvis grounded into a run-scoring double play in the first and Austin Hedges homered in the fifth	True
Padres left-hander Clayton Richard ( 7 - 10 ) retired his first 12 batters on 36 pitches and carried a 2 - 0 lead into the fifth . Freddy Galvis grounded into a run-scoring double play in the first and Austin Hedges homered in the fifth . Jose Bautista walked leading off the fifth	True
Jose Bautista walked leading off the fifth to end the perfect game bid and scored on the Mets ' first hit , a one - out single by Kevin Plawecki . Phillip Evans , pinch hitting for Oswalt , hit a tying single , and Amed Rosario followed with a two - run single . Bautista chased Richard with a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Bautista 's 339th homer tied him for 99th place with Tino Martinez , Dave Parker and Boog Powell . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Bautista 's 339th homer tied him for 99th place with Tino Martinez , Dave Parker and Boog Powell . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Tim Peterson before Robert Gsellman stranded a pair of runners by getting the final two outs of the inning . Anthony Swarzak got six outs for his second save of the season and the fourth	False
Bell 's big night followed a three - walk game on Thursday . The combination of times on base and extra base hits has his OPS at .736 , the highest it 's been since mid-May . The Pirates got to Milwaukee starter Junior Guerra ( 6 - 6 ) early and often . They scored three runs in the first	True
Polanco hit his 14th home run of the season in the fourth inning . In the fifth	True
Polanco hit his 14th home run of the season in the fourth inning . In the fifth , Moran scored on Bell 's double with the aid of Lorenzo Cain 's error . Jordy Mercer then drove in Bell with a double . Bell drove in Moran again with a triple in the eighth	True
Phillies starter Vince Velasquez returned from the disabled list and matched deGrom , allowing two hits over six scoreless innings . The right-hander missed only one start after being hit just below the right elbow by a line drive on June 30 . The Phillies had a threat mounting in the 10th	True
Phillies starter Vince Velasquez returned from the disabled list and matched deGrom , allowing two hits over six scoreless innings . The right-hander missed only one start after being hit just below the right elbow by a line drive on June 30 . The Phillies had a threat mounting in the 10th , but catcher Andrew Knapp was thrown out attempting to move from first	False
Phillies starter Vince Velasquez returned from the disabled list and matched deGrom , allowing two hits over six scoreless innings . The right-hander missed only one start after being hit just below the right elbow by a line drive on June 30 . The Phillies had a threat mounting in the 10th , but catcher Andrew Knapp was thrown out attempting to move from first to third	False
Especially Schoop , who considers Machado his closest friend on the team . Machado had a solo shot in the fifth	True
Especially Schoop , who considers Machado his closest friend on the team . Machado had a solo shot in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Greg Bird homered and drove in four runs for the Yankees , who dropped 3 1/2 games behind first-place Boston in the AL East . After Machado brought the Orioles back from deficits of 3 - 2 and 5 - 3 , Schoop won it in the ninth	True
A hit batter , a double by Adam Jones and an intentional walk to Machado loaded the bases with one out . After Mark Trumbo struck out , Schoop hit a bouncer that glanced off the glove of Bird at first base and into right field . Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the ninth	True
Machado homered on the first pitch in the bottom half to tie it at 3 . The pattern continued in the seventh	True
SEATTLE -- Ryon Healy came to the plate in the first inning mired in an 0 - for - 13 slump . The Seattle Mariners had the bases loaded and two outs , and Healy broke through in a big way . Healy doubled to drive in two runs , and followed it up with an even bigger three - run homer in the seventh	True
Charlie Blackmon , Carlos Gonzalez and Trevor Story hit the homers for the Rockies , who snapped a five - game winning streak . Edwin Diaz struck out all three batters he faced in the ninth	True
Colorado starter Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) allowed all six runs and five hits , walking three with two strikeouts . `` I just wanted to be able to give the team a chance to win . I just needed to settle down . In the sixth	True
Senzatela was making his second start of the season after opening the year in the bullpen and a stint in Triple-A Albuquerque . He pitched seven scoreless innings in his previous outing on July 3 . Blackmon gave the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead in the top of the first	True
Blackmon gave the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead in the top of the first with his 17th home run . The Mariners answered in the bottom of the inning , loading the bases for Kyle Seager 's sacrifice fly and again for Healy 's double . Gonzalez led off the fifth inning with his eighth homer for Colorado , and Story gave the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead in the top of the sixth	True
Javier Baez had two hits and two RBI for the Cubs , who have won their last nine games in comeback fashion . Albert Almora Jr. and Ian Happ also had two hits apiece , and Addison Russell drove in three runs . The Cubs trailed 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
Luke Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) worked a clean 10th inning for the win . Willson Contreras led off the 10th	True
Bote worked the count to 3 - 2 and then took a high fastball for ball four . Baez 's two - run single in the seventh gave the Cubs a 5 - 4 lead . But Duvall led off the ninth	True
After totaling 21 runs in their previous seven games , the World Series champs have scored in double-figures in each of their last two . Yuli Gurriel and Alex Bregman each homered and Charlie Morton won his 11th	False
James Shields ( 3 - 10 ) allowed a season high-tying eight runs on a season-high 10 hits with nine strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings for the White Sox , who have lost four straight . Shields had allowed one run over his prior two starts . Gurriel , who also had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Gurriel , who also had an RBI single in the eighth , hit a three - run homer to left field to increase Houston 's lead to 4 - 0 in the third inning . Josh Reddick had a run-scoring fielder 's choice and Evan Gattis added an RBI single to push the Astros ' advantage to 6 - 1 in the fifth	True
Gurriel , who also had an RBI single in the eighth , hit a three - run homer to left field to increase Houston 's lead to 4 - 0 in the third inning . Josh Reddick had a run-scoring fielder 's choice and Evan Gattis added an RBI single to push the Astros ' advantage to 6 - 1 in the fifth . However , Matt Davidson had an RBI single with the bases loaded and Omar Narvaez followed with a three - run double to pull Chicago within one in the sixth	True
Bregman finished a triple shy of the cycle to extend his hitting streak to 12 games . Max Stassi hit an RBI double in the second	True
Bregman finished a triple shy of the cycle to extend his hitting streak to 12 games . Max Stassi hit an RBI double in the second and an RBI single in the eighth	True
Bregman finished a triple shy of the cycle to extend his hitting streak to 12 games . Max Stassi hit an RBI double in the second and an RBI single in the eighth for the Astros . Marwin Gonzalez added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Max Stassi hit an RBI double in the second and an RBI single in the eighth for the Astros . Marwin Gonzalez added an RBI single in the seventh as every Houston starter had a hit . Houston won 11 - 4 Friday night . Avisail Garcia hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Max Stassi hit an RBI double in the second and an RBI single in the eighth for the Astros . Marwin Gonzalez added an RBI single in the seventh as every Houston starter had a hit . Houston won 11 - 4 Friday night . Avisail Garcia hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth and a solo home run on to the train tracks in left in the eighth	True
Steven Souza Jr. drove in two runs with a single and fielder 's choice in his second game back from the disabled list . Souza has played in just 17 games this season due to a right pectoral injury . Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) retired 14 in a row before Arizona scored twice in the sixth	True
He grazed A. J. Pollock with a pitch with the bases loaded to bring in the tying run . Nick Ahmed doubled , singled and scored twice for the Diamondbacks . Brad Boxberger threw a perfect ninth	True
The Padres have lost 14 of 18 . Lucchesi 's first big league hit helped the Padres take the lead in the third	True
The Padres have lost 14 of 18 . Lucchesi 's first big league hit helped the Padres take the lead in the third . The rookie singled to left , advanced to third	False
Lucchesi 's first big league hit helped the Padres take the lead in the third . The rookie singled to left , advanced to third on Travis Jankowski 's long single to the right-field corner and scored when Carlos Asuaji grounded out . The Diamondbacks threatened in the first	True
The Diamondbacks threatened in the first when David Peralta was hit by a pitch and Paul Goldschmidt lashed a ground-rule double that bounced into the Arizona bullpen . But they came up empty when Pollock grounded out and Souza struck out looking . Arizona did n't get another baserunner until Godley drew a leadoff walk in the sixth	True
Arizona did n't get another baserunner until Godley drew a leadoff walk in the sixth . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with one - out singles by Ahmed and Goldschmidt and Lucchesi hit Pollock to bring in the tying run . That was it for Lucchesi . Reliever Adam Cimber bobbled Souza 's slow grounder and still got the out at first	False
That was it for Lucchesi . Reliever Adam Cimber bobbled Souza 's slow grounder and still got the out at first , but Ahmed scored and the Diamondbacks led 2 - 1 . Ahmed led off the eighth	True
Keuchel ( 5 - 8 ) struck out the first four batters he faced , and six of the first seven . After catcher Brian McCann went on the disabled list and had arthroscopic surgery on his right knee earlier Tuesday , manager A. J. Hinch said Max Stassi would do the bulk of the catching . But Stassi got hit by a pitch batting in the first	True
Choo later walked twice and had two singles to extend his career-best on-base streak to 43 games , the longest in the majors since Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman 's 46-gamer two years ago . Choo is three games shy of Julio Franco 's team record of 46 in a row set 25 years ago . The Astros used three relievers to get through the eighth	True
Choo later walked twice and had two singles to extend his career-best on-base streak to 43 games , the longest in the majors since Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman 's 46-gamer two years ago . Choo is three games shy of Julio Franco 's team record of 46 in a row set 25 years ago . The Astros used three relievers to get through the eighth . Texas already had a run in before Hector Rondon took over against pinch-hitter Joey Gallo , who worked a 12-pitch at-bat into a two - out walk to load the bases before Robinson Chirinos struck out . Rondon then worked the ninth	False
The Astros used three relievers to get through the eighth . Texas already had a run in before Hector Rondon took over against pinch-hitter Joey Gallo , who worked a 12-pitch at-bat into a two - out walk to load the bases before Robinson Chirinos struck out . Rondon then worked the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . Houston went ahead to stay in the first	True
Washington has lost four straight and 16 of 21 to fall to 42 - 42 , its first time at .500 since it was 17 - 17 . Red Sox starter Brian Johnson allowed two runs in 4 2/3 innings . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Red Sox starter Brian Johnson allowed two runs in 4 2/3 innings . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh . Boston scored first	False
Red Sox starter Brian Johnson allowed two runs in 4 2/3 innings . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh . Boston scored first , opening the second	True
Red Sox starter Brian Johnson allowed two runs in 4 2/3 innings . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh . Boston scored first , opening the second with consecutive singles before Nunez homered into the left field bullpen off starter Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) . Mark Reynolds and Roark had RBI singles in the fourth	True
Boston scored first , opening the second with consecutive singles before Nunez homered into the left field bullpen off starter Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) . Mark Reynolds and Roark had RBI singles in the fourth to pull the Nationals within 3 - 2 . The Red Sox responded in the fifth	True
Shaw , an outfielder called up earlier in the day to replace the traded Andrew McCutchen , lofted a sacrifice fly to center in the seventh inning to break a scoreless tie . Shaw had struck out on six pitches in his previous two at-bats . Garcia , a catcher also making his first major league appearance , homered leading off the eighth	True
Garcia , a catcher also making his first major league appearance , homered leading off the eighth for the Giants ' second run and then capped the Giants ' six - run inning with an RBI single . Like Shaw , he had struck out in his first two big league at-bats . After giving up a first-inning double to Jeff McNeil , Suarez ( 6 - 9 ) retired 17 straight batters until hitting McNeil with a pitch leading off the seventh	True
After giving up a first-inning double to Jeff McNeil , Suarez ( 6 - 9 ) retired 17 straight batters until hitting McNeil with a pitch leading off the seventh . He then gave up a bloop single to Austin Jackson , but worked out of the jam by getting Jay Bruce to hit into an inning-ending double play . Suarez allowed two hits in seven innings , striking out five out and walking none , despite dealing with a headache starting in the first inning . Tony Watson worked the eighth	True
After giving up a first-inning double to Jeff McNeil , Suarez ( 6 - 9 ) retired 17 straight batters until hitting McNeil with a pitch leading off the seventh . He then gave up a bloop single to Austin Jackson , but worked out of the jam by getting Jay Bruce to hit into an inning-ending double play . Suarez allowed two hits in seven innings , striking out five out and walking none , despite dealing with a headache starting in the first inning . Tony Watson worked the eighth and Ty Blach pitched the ninth	False
Turner set off a lively dugout celebration after scoring a run that ended Washington 's 32-inning scoreless drought and the Nationals broke loose in a huge way , hammering the New York Mets 15 - 0 Sunday . The Nationals had been shut out in three straight games -- for the first time since the team moved from Montreal to Washington in 2005 -- before Juan Soto 's RBI groundout in the sixth	True
The Nationals had been shut out in three straight games -- for the first time since the team moved from Montreal to Washington in 2005 -- before Juan Soto 's RBI groundout in the sixth . Ahead 1 - 0 in the eighth	True
Ahead 1 - 0 in the eighth , Nats erupted for eight more runs in their biggest inning of the season . The burst featured homers by Adam Eaton and Wilmer Difo , and a three - run , pinch-hit double by Harper . Mark Reynolds launched his sixth career grand slam to highlight a six - run ninth	True
The Nationals neared the worst slump in franchise history , a 34-inning streak in 2004 as the Expos . The major league record is 48 innings without a run by the 1968 Chicago Cubs and the 1906 Philadelphia Athletics . Turner almost stopped Washington 's string by himself , leading off the sixth	True
The Nationals neared the worst slump in franchise history , a 34-inning streak in 2004 as the Expos . The major league record is 48 innings without a run by the 1968 Chicago Cubs and the 1906 Philadelphia Athletics . Turner almost stopped Washington 's string by himself , leading off the sixth with a drive that hit the padding atop the left-field wall and went for a double . He took third	False
DETROIT -- With his major league debut out of the way , Michael Kopech was able to take the mound with a little less fanfare the second time around . Kopech pitched six impressive innings for his first big league win and the Chicago White Sox scored four runs in the third	True
Kopech ( 1 - 0 ) had four strikeouts and no walks . Daniel Palka homered for Chicago , and Ronny Rodriguez went deep for Detroit . Jace Fry came on in the ninth	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 6 ) allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings for the Tigers , who retired Alan Trammell 's No . 3 in a pregame ceremony that delayed the start of the game for almost a half-hour . Kopech took the mound Sunday and shut out the Tigers for the first five innings . He hit two batters with pitches in the fourth	True
Kopech took the mound Sunday and shut out the Tigers for the first five innings . He hit two batters with pitches in the fourth but retired Rodriguez on a fly to center with the bases loaded to end the threat . Zimmermann yielded two straight singles to start the third	True
Palka then lined a two - run shot just fair down the line in right to make it 4 - 0 . It was his 19th homer of the year . Yoan Moncada hit an RBI triple in the sixth	True
That was a good note to end on for Kopech . Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Gonzalez and Verlander proved to be a winning combination as they led the Houston Astros to an 8 - 3 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday night . Gonzalez hit a solo home run to left-center field off reliever Williams Jerez to lead off the four - run eighth inning . Gonzalez has 14 home runs this season , including eight in August . The Astros had been clinging to a one - run lead before he opened the eighth	True
Verlander allowed three runs in six innings , but he was staked to an early 3 - 0 lead and the offense picked him up . Altuve was hit in the elbow by a fastball from Justin Anderson in the seventh	True
Verlander allowed three runs in six innings , but he was staked to an early 3 - 0 lead and the offense picked him up . Altuve was hit in the elbow by a fastball from Justin Anderson in the seventh , but remained in the game . Ohtani was then hit in the backside by Roberto Osuna in the eighth	True
Verlander ( 13 - 8 ) had thrown 26 consecutive scoreless innings against the Angels this season before Shohei Ohtani homered against him in the fourth inning on the first pitch of the at-bat . It was Ohtani 's 14th home run of the season , eight shy of his career best in Japan in 2016 . Verlander allowed six hits and struck out six and walked two . He was grooving until the fourth	True
Verlander ( 13 - 8 ) had thrown 26 consecutive scoreless innings against the Angels this season before Shohei Ohtani homered against him in the fourth inning on the first pitch of the at-bat . It was Ohtani 's 14th home run of the season , eight shy of his career best in Japan in 2016 . Verlander allowed six hits and struck out six and walked two . He was grooving until the fourth when Ohtani hit a two - run homer to center field . Andrelton Simmons hit a run-scoring triple off Verlander in the sixth	True
Verlander allowed six hits and struck out six and walked two . He was grooving until the fourth when Ohtani hit a two - run homer to center field . Andrelton Simmons hit a run-scoring triple off Verlander in the sixth . Ohtani was caught stealing for the first time this season . He was thrown out at third	False
Mahtook hit one of three Detroit home runs in the sixth inning , and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 2 on Thursday . Even after the victory , Detroit is 22 games under .500 , but after finishing tied for the worst record in baseball last season , the Tigers have avoided a total collapse in 2018 . Matthew Boyd pitched six scoreless innings for Detroit , and Nicholas Castellanos , Mahtook and Ronny Rodriguez hit solo shots off James Shields ( 5 - 15 ) in the sixth	True
Boyd ( 8 - 11 ) allowed six hits , walked one and struck out six . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Shields allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 6 2/3 innings . He is now 1 - 8 with 6.12 ERA on the road this year . Rodriguez opened the scoring with a run-scoring double in the fourth	True
Rodriguez opened the scoring with a run-scoring double in the fourth , and Grayson Greiner followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . In the sixth	True
In the sixth , Detroit hit three home runs in a span of four batters , with Mahtook and Rodriguez connecting for back-to-back drives that gave the Tigers a 5 - 0 advantage . Jim Adduci added a two - run double in the seventh	True
Maldonado and White each homered and had three hits , Roberto Osuna got his first save with Houston and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 7 on Wednesday . The Astros led 9 - 1 before the Mariners got one back in the fifth	True
Maldonado and White each homered and had three hits , Roberto Osuna got his first save with Houston and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 7 on Wednesday . The Astros led 9 - 1 before the Mariners got one back in the fifth and added five more in the sixth	True
The Astros led 9 - 1 before the Mariners got one back in the fifth and added five more in the sixth , all off starter Charlie Morton ( 13 - 3 ) . After Joe Smith and Tony Sipp closed out the sixth	True
After Joe Smith and Tony Sipp closed out the sixth , Ryan Pressly , Hector Rondon and Osuna pitched a scoreless inning each . Osuna pitched the ninth	True
Maldonado had three RBI and White had two . Maldonado was acquired from the Angels on July 26 . Marco Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) was pitching on eight days of rest but allowed eight runs and 11 hits before leaving with no one out in the fourth	True
Marco Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) was pitching on eight days of rest but allowed eight runs and 11 hits before leaving with no one out in the fourth . Gonzales has given up 23 earned runs and 38 hits in his last 20 innings over four starts . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Marco Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) was pitching on eight days of rest but allowed eight runs and 11 hits before leaving with no one out in the fourth . Gonzales has given up 23 earned runs and 38 hits in his last 20 innings over four starts . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first with an RBI triple for White before Gonzales ' wild pitch enabled White to score from third	False
Marco Gonzales ( 12 - 9 ) was pitching on eight days of rest but allowed eight runs and 11 hits before leaving with no one out in the fourth . Gonzales has given up 23 earned runs and 38 hits in his last 20 innings over four starts . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first with an RBI triple for White before Gonzales ' wild pitch enabled White to score from third . White 's home run came in the ninth	True
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first with an RBI triple for White before Gonzales ' wild pitch enabled White to score from third . White 's home run came in the ninth . The big inning for the Astros was the fourth	True
Oakland 's 4 - 2 loss to Texas on Wednesday gives the Astros a one - game lead in the AL West . Nelson Cruz and Mitch Haniger each had home runs for the Mariners . Cruz hit an upper-deck shot in the fourth	True
Bundy has been hit hard in consecutive starts against the Blue Jays , allowing 12 earned runs in nine innings of work . Smoak and Morales chased Bundy with solo blasts two pitches apart in the fifth	True
Morales finished 3 for 4 with two RBI while McKinney went 2 for 3 with three RBI . Every Blue Jays starter had at least one hit except for second baseman Devon Travis , who went 0 for 4 and reached on an error in the first	True
Every Blue Jays starter had at least one hit except for second baseman Devon Travis , who went 0 for 4 and reached on an error in the first . Diaz broke a 1 - 1 tie with a one - out blast off Bundy in the second	True
The Twins had Carpenter ( 1 - 1 ) on the ropes early , as their first three batters reached base . But he wiggled out of trouble . Mauer led off the game with a home run , Eddie Rosario followed with a single , and Jorge Polanco 's double put runners on second	False
The Twins had Carpenter ( 1 - 1 ) on the ropes early , as their first three batters reached base . But he wiggled out of trouble . Mauer led off the game with a home run , Eddie Rosario followed with a single , and Jorge Polanco 's double put runners on second and third	False
The Twins had Carpenter ( 1 - 1 ) on the ropes early , as their first three batters reached base . But he wiggled out of trouble . Mauer led off the game with a home run , Eddie Rosario followed with a single , and Jorge Polanco 's double put runners on second and third with nobody out . But Carpenter fanned Sano , got Logan Forsythe on a lineout to third	False
Mauer led off the game with a home run , Eddie Rosario followed with a single , and Jorge Polanco 's double put runners on second and third with nobody out . But Carpenter fanned Sano , got Logan Forsythe on a lineout to third , and retired Max Kepler on fly ball to get out of the inning . Austin hit a solo shot in the second inning and Sano followed suit in the third	True
Austin hit a solo shot in the second inning and Sano followed suit in the third , but that was all the Twins could manage off Carpenter , who walked none and struck out three in 5 1/3 innings . Four relievers combined to close it out , with Shane Greene picking up the last four outs for his 26th save in 29 chances . Mahtook 's homer was his second	False
Austin hit a solo shot in the second inning and Sano followed suit in the third , but that was all the Twins could manage off Carpenter , who walked none and struck out three in 5 1/3 innings . Four relievers combined to close it out , with Shane Greene picking up the last four outs for his 26th save in 29 chances . Mahtook 's homer was his second of the year and came off reliever Tyler Duffey ( 1 - 2 ) . Niko Goodrum was hit by a pitch leading off the fifth	True
Austin hit a solo shot in the second inning and Sano followed suit in the third , but that was all the Twins could manage off Carpenter , who walked none and struck out three in 5 1/3 innings . Four relievers combined to close it out , with Shane Greene picking up the last four outs for his 26th save in 29 chances . Mahtook 's homer was his second of the year and came off reliever Tyler Duffey ( 1 - 2 ) . Niko Goodrum was hit by a pitch leading off the fifth and Victor Martinez hit a grounder to first base . Mauer threw to second	False
Rookie right-hander David Hess ( 2 - 7 ) allowed two runs in six innings for the Orioles . Trey Mancinci 's RBI single in the eighth scored the only run for Baltimore , which has lost 11 of 13 . Cody Allen walked Renato Nunez with one out in the ninth	True
Rookie right-hander David Hess ( 2 - 7 ) allowed two runs in six innings for the Orioles . Trey Mancinci 's RBI single in the eighth scored the only run for Baltimore , which has lost 11 of 13 . Cody Allen walked Renato Nunez with one out in the ninth . Pinch-runner Craig Gentry stole second	False
Cody Allen walked Renato Nunez with one out in the ninth . Pinch-runner Craig Gentry stole second before Tim Beckham flied out . Allen struck Joey Rickard for his 24th save in 27 chances . Both starters worked out of bases-loaded jams . Carrasco struck out Rickard to finish the fourth	True
Cody Allen walked Renato Nunez with one out in the ninth . Pinch-runner Craig Gentry stole second before Tim Beckham flied out . Allen struck Joey Rickard for his 24th save in 27 chances . Both starters worked out of bases-loaded jams . Carrasco struck out Rickard to finish the fourth while Hess struck out Yonder Alonso to end the third	True
Mallex Smith hit a two - run homer , and Kevin Kiermaier , who was mired in a 4 - for - 46 slump in August , had two hits , scored a run and drove in one for the Rays , who have won seven of their past nine games against New York . The Yankees wasted their best chance in the fourth inning when Faria left the game with runners on first	False
Mallex Smith hit a two - run homer , and Kevin Kiermaier , who was mired in a 4 - for - 46 slump in August , had two hits , scored a run and drove in one for the Rays , who have won seven of their past nine games against New York . The Yankees wasted their best chance in the fourth inning when Faria left the game with runners on first and second	False
Lowe hit a blooper to left field to drive in Kiermaier to put the Rays ahead 1 - 0 in the second inning . After Miguel Andujar hit his 19th homer of the season to tie it at 1 in the bottom of the second	True
Smith 's one - out , two - run blast to right field in the fourth ended Cessa 's night as the Rays went up 5 - 1 . Lowe 's single to right field made it 6 - 1 in the fifth	True
The Phillies , who remained two games behind first-place Atlanta in the NL East , split a two - game interleague series with the major league-leading Red Sox for the second time in three weeks . Ramos , the two - time All-Star catcher acquired from Tampa Bay on July 31 , made a big impact after missing a month because of a strained hamstring . He hit his second career triple and first	False
Ramos , the two - time All-Star catcher acquired from Tampa Bay on July 31 , made a big impact after missing a month because of a strained hamstring . He hit his second career triple and first in seven years leading off the bottom of the sixth inning , chugging around the bases after his liner off Joe Kelly ( 4 - 1 ) to right-center took an odd bounce off the wall . Ramos scored on pinch-hitter Scott Kingery 's sacrifice fly to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . He hammered a two - run double with two outs in the seventh	True
Ramos scored on pinch-hitter Scott Kingery 's sacrifice fly to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . He hammered a two - run double with two outs in the seventh off Drew Pomeranz to extend the lead to 6 - 3 and scored on Maikel Franco 's single . Ramos provided a huge spark for a struggling offense , and also threw out Brock Holt trying to steal second	False
Ramos provided a huge spark for a struggling offense , and also threw out Brock Holt trying to steal second from his knees . He finished the night getting a cooler shower on the field . Seven relievers combined to allow one unearned run in 6 2/3 innings for Philadelphia . Tommy Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) earned the win by getting one out in the sixth	True
Seven relievers combined to allow one unearned run in 6 2/3 innings for Philadelphia . Tommy Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) earned the win by getting one out in the sixth . Seranthony Dominguez got four outs for his 13th save in 16 chances . Down 3 - 0 , the Phillies rallied in the fourth	True
Eovaldi allowed three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in five innings during his fourth start for the Red Sox . Phillies starter Vince Velasquez lasted only 2 1/3 innings , allowing three runs , four hits and four walks . Velasquez ran into trouble in the third	True
The right-hander hopes word of his success gets back to Haiti , an impoverished Caribbean nation that has no passion for baseball and has never sent a native-born player to the majors . Toussaint ( 1 - 0 ) was born in Florida but moved to Haiti just a few months later , living there for about eight years . He returned to Florida after his parents split up and gave baseball a try , though it did n't go well at first	False
Toussaint 's proud mother , Kahaso Kiti , cheered from the stands and waited for him afterward outside the clubhouse at SunTrust Park . Speaking of another Baby Brave , Acuna has quickly established himself as a budding star at age 20 . He hit his third leadoff homer of the season and the 16th overall with his opposite-field drive into the Braves ' bullpen in the bottom half of the first	True
Speaking of another Baby Brave , Acuna has quickly established himself as a budding star at age 20 . He hit his third leadoff homer of the season and the 16th overall with his opposite-field drive into the Braves ' bullpen in the bottom half of the first off Pablo Lopez ( 2 - 3 ) . Acuna added a two - run double in the sixth	True
Harrison Bader and Jose Martinez each hit a two - run homer , helping the Cardinals move seven games above .500 for the first time since June 12 . They are 15 - 9 since Mike Shildt was named interim manager on July 15 . Bader drove a full-count pitch over the wall in left with Jedd Gyorko aboard in the sixth	True
Duffy indicated his arm is not feeling the best . Flaherty ( 6 - 6 ) was charged with two runs and three hits . Martinez connected in the ninth	True
Flaherty ( 6 - 6 ) was charged with two runs and three hits . Martinez connected in the ninth and drove in three runs . The Cardinals ( 62 - 55 ) scored four runs after Duffy retired the first two batters in the third	True
The Cardinals ( 62 - 55 ) scored four runs after Duffy retired the first two batters in the third . Yadier Molina sparked the rally by finishing a 10-pitch at-bat with a double . Molina advanced to third	False
Marcell Ozuna tripled home Martinez and scored on Paul DeJong 's double . Jedd Gyorko 's RBI single , St. Louis ' fifth straight hit , made it 4 - 0 . Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Marcell Ozuna tripled home Martinez and scored on Paul DeJong 's double . Jedd Gyorko 's RBI single , St. Louis ' fifth straight hit , made it 4 - 0 . Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth for Kansas City . Escobar , who reached three times , also scored in the eighth	False
The Nationals moved within 5 1/2 games of idle NL East leader Philadelphia . The Braves fell a game behind the Phillies . Gonzalez ( 7 - 8 ) snapped a seven - game losing streak and had gone 11 consecutive starts without a victory . He allowed six hits and one walk while striking out three . Nick Markakis ' solo homer to lead off the second	True
Atlanta starter Anibal Sanchez pitched two scoreless innings but left after getting hit in the left calf by a grounder from Michael Taylor . Manager Brian Snitker said he was hopeful Sanchez would make his next start . Sanchez was replaced by Wes Parsons ( 0 - 1 ) , who yielded a bases-loaded walk to Juan Soto and a sacrifice fly by Anthony Rendon as Washington went ahead in the third	True
Sanchez was replaced by Wes Parsons ( 0 - 1 ) , who yielded a bases-loaded walk to Juan Soto and a sacrifice fly by Anthony Rendon as Washington went ahead in the third . Taylor homered to left in the fourth	True
Sanchez was replaced by Wes Parsons ( 0 - 1 ) , who yielded a bases-loaded walk to Juan Soto and a sacrifice fly by Anthony Rendon as Washington went ahead in the third . Taylor homered to left in the fourth to bump Washington 's lead to 3 - 1 , and Daniel Murphy added an RBI double in the sixth	False
Lindor connected for a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning as the Cleveland Indians again moved 10 games ahead of Minnesota in the AL Central with a 5 - 2 win over the Twins on Wednesday night . Lindor , who struck out with the winning run at second base in the ninth	True
As the Progressive Field crowd roared as if it was October , the All-Star shortstop pointed and waved to the fans before being swarmed by his teammates , including pitcher Carlos Carrasco who emptied most of a bottle of white baby power on him . Down 2 - 1 , Minnesota tied it in the ninth	True
Lindor saved him . Jason Kipnis singled with one out in the ninth	True
The Yankees bounced back nicely after they were swept by the big league-best Red Sox , an ugly four - game set that included Severino 's third straight loss . The ace right-hander was a little better this time around , striking out eight while moving into a tie for the major league lead with his career-best 15th win . Severino ( 15 - 5 ) retired 11 in a row after the White Sox used three straight hits to open a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees bounced back nicely after they were swept by the big league-best Red Sox , an ugly four - game set that included Severino 's third straight loss . The ace right-hander was a little better this time around , striking out eight while moving into a tie for the major league lead with his career-best 15th win . Severino ( 15 - 5 ) retired 11 in a row after the White Sox used three straight hits to open a 2 - 0 lead in the first . After Tim Anderson led off the fifth	True
The Yankees bounced back nicely after they were swept by the big league-best Red Sox , an ugly four - game set that included Severino 's third straight loss . The ace right-hander was a little better this time around , striking out eight while moving into a tie for the major league lead with his career-best 15th win . Severino ( 15 - 5 ) retired 11 in a row after the White Sox used three straight hits to open a 2 - 0 lead in the first . After Tim Anderson led off the fifth with his 15th homer , Severino fanned the next two batters , and Austin Romine threw out Yoan Moncada trying to steal second	False
White Sox right-hander Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) was tagged for seven runs and six hits in five innings in his first loss in a month . He was 2 - 0 with a 3.42 ERA in his previous four starts . Giolito unraveled for a while in the second	True
It was Stanton 's first slam since April 18 , 2014 , for Miami against Seattle and No . 6 for his career . He also homered in New York 's 4 - 3 victory Tuesday night . Hicks added a leadoff drive in the fifth	True
CHICAGO -- In a matchup of teams on track to both lose 100 or more games , the White Sox avoided getting swept in a three - game series . Jose Abreu hit a tying home run off Jason Adam in the eighth	True
Jose Abreu hit a tying home run off Jason Adam in the eighth and pinch-hitter Daniel Palka had a three - run homer off Jason Hammel later in the inning , leading Chicago over the Kansas City Royals 6 - 4 Thursday . Kansas City overcame a 2 - 0 deficit when pinch-hitter Whit Merrifield hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Jose Abreu hit a tying home run off Jason Adam in the eighth and pinch-hitter Daniel Palka had a three - run homer off Jason Hammel later in the inning , leading Chicago over the Kansas City Royals 6 - 4 Thursday . Kansas City overcame a 2 - 0 deficit when pinch-hitter Whit Merrifield hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) , but Abreu homered with one out in the bottom half against Adam ( 0 - 3 ) . Abreu 's 141st big league homer moved him ahead of Ron Kittle into sole possession of 10th	False
Avisail Garcia doubled , Omar Narvaez was intentionally walked and Hammel relieved . Palka drove a hanging slider a half-dozen rows in the right-centerfield bleachers . He tied the White Sox record of three pinch homers in one season , set by Oscar Gamble in 1977 . Rosell Herrera hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Chicago ( 38 - 70 ) won for the second time in eight games . Kansas City ( 34 - 74 ) had been seeking its first three - game sweep at the White Sox since June 13 - 15 , 2014 . White Sox starter Reynaldo Lopez allowed two runs and five hits in seven - plus innings , leaving with a 2 - 0 lead after Alcides Escobar doubled leading off the eighth	True
White Sox starter Reynaldo Lopez allowed two runs and five hits in seven - plus innings , leaving with a 2 - 0 lead after Alcides Escobar doubled leading off the eighth and Adalberto Mondesi reached on a bunt single . Jace Fry struck out Alex Gordon , Mondesi stole second	False
Royals rookie Brad Keller gave up two runs , five hits and three walks in 6 1/3 innings . Narvaez , who has 17 hits in 10 RBI in his last 12 games , had a run-scoring single in the fourth	True
Royals rookie Brad Keller gave up two runs , five hits and three walks in 6 1/3 innings . Narvaez , who has 17 hits in 10 RBI in his last 12 games , had a run-scoring single in the fourth . Tim Anderson had an RBI double in the seventh	False
Matt Kemp beat the Diamondbacks for the second straight game , hitting a two - run double in the ninth inning that lifted Los Angeles over Arizona 3 - 2 Sunday for sole possession of first place in the NL West . A day after Kemp launched a go-ahead , three - run homer in the eighth	True
But a costly one . The D-backs dropped a game back of the Dodgers and Rockies , who beat San Diego 4 - 2 . The Dodgers were 4 1/2 games out of first	False
The Dodgers beat the Diamondbacks by identical 3 - 2 scores three days in a row , after Arizona won the series opener at Dodger Stadium . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) started the ninth	True
The Dodgers beat the Diamondbacks by identical 3 - 2 scores three days in a row , after Arizona won the series opener at Dodger Stadium . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) started the ninth and put the potential tying and go-ahead runs on with consecutive walks to pinch-hitter Alex Verdugo and Max Muncy . The runners advanced on Enrique Hernandez 's sacrifice bunt and set up Kemp , who pinch-hit in the seventh	True
Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said he considered walking Kemp , but wanted to avoid pitching to Justin Turner and Manny Machado . Daniel Descalso homered leading off the ninth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) took over for Ferguson and got three outs . The D-backs tied it at 1 on Alex Avila 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Goldschmidt was called out , but Arizona challenged it . After a 2 1/2-minute review , it was overturned , tying the game as Dodgers fans booed . Muncy hit his 31st homer leading off the fifth	True
Starter Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 2 ) issued seven walks while allowing seven runs in 4 2/3 innings . It did n't work out that way , but he was n't hit hard until the fifth	True
It did n't work out that way , but he was n't hit hard until the fifth . Working with a 4 - 2 lead , Rodriguez retired two of the first three batters that inning , but yielded a Manny Pina single and then Broxton 's blast to center . Manager Dave Martinez pulled Rodriguez after another single and a walk , but reliever Tim Collins fared no better . His first six pitches were balls . Yelich hammered the seventh	False
Matz struck out a career-high 11 batters and the New York Mets went on to beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 in 11 innings . Wilmer Flores doubled to left off Giants reliever Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) to lead off the 11th	True
Matz struck out a career-high 11 batters and the New York Mets went on to beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 in 11 innings . Wilmer Flores doubled to left off Giants reliever Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) to lead off the 11th . He went to third	False
Matz struck out a career-high 11 batters and the New York Mets went on to beat the San Francisco Giants 2 - 1 in 11 innings . Wilmer Flores doubled to left off Giants reliever Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) to lead off the 11th . He went to third when Jay Bruce grounded out to second	False
Wilmer Flores doubled to left off Giants reliever Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) to lead off the 11th . He went to third when Jay Bruce grounded out to second against the shift , and scored on Todd Frazier 's fly ball to left . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Wilmer Flores doubled to left off Giants reliever Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) to lead off the 11th . He went to third when Jay Bruce grounded out to second against the shift , and scored on Todd Frazier 's fly ball to left . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th and Mets closer Robert Gsellman worked the 11th	False
Slater was 2 for 5 and Evan Longoria homered for the Giants . Longoria hit his 15th home run leading off the bottom of the fourth	True
Slater was 2 for 5 and Evan Longoria homered for the Giants . Longoria hit his 15th home run leading off the bottom of the fourth on a 2 - 1 sinker Matz left over the heart of the plate . Nido was 2 for 4 with an RBI double off Giants starter Derek Holland in the fifth	True
After Longoria 's home run , the Mets held the Giants to one hit over the next eight innings . They did n't advance a runner into scoring position over that stretch until 35-year-old outfielder Hunter Pence , who reached on a one - out walk off Blevins in the 10th	True
After Longoria 's home run , the Mets held the Giants to one hit over the next eight innings . They did n't advance a runner into scoring position over that stretch until 35-year-old outfielder Hunter Pence , who reached on a one - out walk off Blevins in the 10th and stole second	False
