ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Tom Glavine 's homecoming was an afterthought by the time a routine fly ball finally ended a game that was anything but routine . Xavier Nady hit his second homer of the game , a three - run shot in the 12th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates overcame a horrific ninth	True
Xavier Nady hit his second homer of the game , a three - run shot in the 12th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates overcame a horrific ninth and another potential collapse for a 12 - 11 win Monday night , ruining Atlanta 's home opener . The Braves took advantage of four walks and a huge defensive blunder to erase the Pirates ' 9 - 4 lead . But Nady , who led off the eighth	True
Xavier Nady hit his second homer of the game , a three - run shot in the 12th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates overcame a horrific ninth and another potential collapse for a 12 - 11 win Monday night , ruining Atlanta 's home opener . The Braves took advantage of four walks and a huge defensive blunder to erase the Pirates ' 9 - 4 lead . But Nady , who led off the eighth with a homer , lined a 2 - 0 pitch from Blaine Boyer ( 0 - 1 ) into the right-field seats with two outs and two aboard in the 12th	True
Franquelis Osoria ( 0 - 1 ) pitched three innings for his first major league win . It was in doubt right to the end : Jeff Francoeur homered , Matt Diaz had an RBI single and the Braves had the potential tying run on base when Corky Miller flied out to center , ending the 4-hour , 28-minute marathon . Glavine returned to Atlanta after five years with the New York Mets . He left after the fifth	True
The Braves ' defense was n't better , making three costly errors . Most of the crowd of 45,269 headed for home on a cool night when Pittsburgh went ahead with a four - run eighth	True
The Pirates had a five - run cushion with Atlanta down to its last three outs , but no lead is safe for a franchise that has n't had a winning season since 1992 . Damaso Marte walked two , then closer Matt Capps walked two more to bring home a run . Chipper Jones followed with a two - run single , making it 9 - 7 , then it looked as though Pittsburgh would escape . Mark Teixeira popped out , slapping his helmet in disgust . McCann , who homered in the fourth	True
But at least it was better than his last outing with the Mets . Glavine was charged with seven runs and got only one out in the second-shortest start of his career , a loss to the Florida Marlins on the final day of the season to complete New York 's historic collapse in the NL East race . With the game tied at 4 , the Pirates teed off on Acosta in the eighth	True
With the game tied at 4 , the Pirates teed off on Acosta in the eighth . He gave up the homer to Nady after getting two quick strikes . McLouth lined another one over the right-field wall in nearly the same spot for a three - run homer , equaling his career best with four RBIs on the night . Yunel Escobar , taking over a shortstop for Edgar Renteria , went 3 - for - 4 with three RBIs but made a costly throwing error that allowed the tying run to score in the seventh	True
Longtime Braves catcher Javy Lopez , who retired after a failed comeback attempt in spring training , threw out the ceremonial first pitch . Then it was Glavine 's turn to throw pitches that counted , cheered by the same fans who booed him lustily after a bitter contract dispute with Atlanta management led him to sign with the Mets . Glavine was helped out by new Braves center fielder Mark Kotsay , who made a play reminiscent of the guy he replaced . Kotsay threw out Jack Wilson at home to end the fourth	True
The Braves had more troubles than highlights on defense , however . Kelly Johnson bobbled away an easy grounder in the second	True
The Braves had more troubles than highlights on defense , however . Kelly Johnson bobbled away an easy grounder in the second that should have been the third	False
The Braves had more troubles than highlights on defense , however . Kelly Johnson bobbled away an easy grounder in the second that should have been the third out , allowing an unearned run to score off Glavine . When the Braves had a chance to get out of a seventh-inning jam without the tying run scoring , Escobar one - hopped a throw to first	False
Ramirez , starting the final guaranteed season of his eight - year contract , hit a game-tying , two - run double in the sixth inning , and rookie Brandon Moss hit an RBI single that gave Boston a 3 - 2 lead and chased Oakland starter Joe Blanton . Matsuzaka left after five wild innings and 95 pitches , and Jack Hannahan 's two - run homer off Kyle Snyder put Oakland ahead 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
Ramirez , starting the final guaranteed season of his eight - year contract , hit a game-tying , two - run double in the sixth inning , and rookie Brandon Moss hit an RBI single that gave Boston a 3 - 2 lead and chased Oakland starter Joe Blanton . Matsuzaka left after five wild innings and 95 pitches , and Jack Hannahan 's two - run homer off Kyle Snyder put Oakland ahead 4 - 3 in the sixth . Moss , playing because J. D. Drew hurt his back in batting practice , hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Matsuzaka left after five wild innings and 95 pitches , and Jack Hannahan 's two - run homer off Kyle Snyder put Oakland ahead 4 - 3 in the sixth . Moss , playing because J. D. Drew hurt his back in batting practice , hit a solo homer in the ninth off Huston Street ( 0 - 1 ) Then , in the 10th	True
Oakland manager Bob Geren made the key decision to walk Ortiz . Jonathan Papelbon took the mound to his `` Wild Thing '' theme in the bottom half , but was hardly intimidating . He walked Daric Barton leading off and gave up a one - out RBI double to Emil Brown , who was tagged out in a rundown between second	False
Oakland manager Bob Geren made the key decision to walk Ortiz . Jonathan Papelbon took the mound to his `` Wild Thing '' theme in the bottom half , but was hardly intimidating . He walked Daric Barton leading off and gave up a one - out RBI double to Emil Brown , who was tagged out in a rundown between second and third	False
Scioscia believes Santana 's superb outing had more to do with the way he pitched than the team he faced . Dana Eveland ( 3 - 2 ) was charged with six runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . The left-hander , who came to the A 's with Greg Smith in a seven - player trade that sent Dan Haren to Arizona in December , has n't made it through the sixth	True
Eveland felt some discomfort in his elbow while taking his warm-up throws for the second inning , and trainer Steve Sayles came out with Geren to watch him take a few more before letting Eveland stay in . The Angels took the lead that inning on Kotchman 's two - run double inside third base , and added a run in the third	True
The Angels took the lead that inning on Kotchman 's two - run double inside third base , and added a run in the third on Torii Hunter 's RBI single . The A 's , who have n't scored an earned run since beating the Angels 14 - 2 on Monday night , trimmed the Angels ' lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
The A 's , who have n't scored an earned run since beating the Angels 14 - 2 on Monday night , trimmed the Angels ' lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth after rookie third baseman Matt Brown committed his second error of the game . Brown , who allowed Daric Barton 's routine grounder to go through his legs in the first inning , fielded Jack Hannahan 's grounder cleanly -- but made a low throw to first base that Kotchman was n't able to scoop out of the dirt . The Angels extended their margin to 6 - 1 with three runs in the sixth	True
The Royals have won three of their last four games after snapping a seven - game losing streak . Texas has lost 14 of its last 18 games to fall to a major league-worst 9 - 18 record on beleaguered manager Ron Washington 's 56th birthday . Guillen drove in the Royals ' first run with a first-inning fielder 's choice , singled to produce Kansas City 's two runs in the second	True
The Royals have won three of their last four games after snapping a seven - game losing streak . Texas has lost 14 of its last 18 games to fall to a major league-worst 9 - 18 record on beleaguered manager Ron Washington 's 56th birthday . Guillen drove in the Royals ' first run with a first-inning fielder 's choice , singled to produce Kansas City 's two runs in the second and hit a two - run home run in the fourth	True
Mark Teahen drove in Kansas City 's final runs with a two - run triple in the eighth inning . Mark Grudzielanek went 4 - for - 6 with three doubles and scored three runs for the Royals . The Royals never trailed in the game . They took a 3 - 0 lead in an eventful first inning that included Washington racing out of the dugout to protest when home plate umpire Bill Welke called Grudzielanek safe at home on a tag play . That would have been the second	False
The Royals never trailed in the game . They took a 3 - 0 lead in an eventful first inning that included Washington racing out of the dugout to protest when home plate umpire Bill Welke called Grudzielanek safe at home on a tag play . That would have been the second out . In the bottom of the first	True
Tampa Bay has won six straight for its longest winning streak since a six - game run July 28-Aug. 3 , 2005 . The Rays ( 14 - 11 ) are three games over .500 for the first time since starting the season 3 - 0 in 2002 . It 's also the latest in the season the Rays have ever been three games above .500 . Shields ( 3 - 1 ) struck out seven and walked one . Longoria made it 2 - 0 with a solo homer off Beckett in the seventh	True
Ortiz said he probably will play on Tuesday when the Red Sox open a three - game series with Toronto . Jason Bartlett singled with one out in the third	True
Ortiz said he probably will play on Tuesday when the Red Sox open a three - game series with Toronto . Jason Bartlett singled with one out in the third and scored on a pair of errors during a pickoff play . He reached third	False
Jason Bartlett singled with one out in the third and scored on a pair of errors during a pickoff play . He reached third when Beckett made an errant throw on a pickoff attempt and scored when right fielder J. D. Drew made a bad throw toward the plate after picking up the ball in foul territory . Bartlett went 1 - for - 2 against Beckett , and has five hits in eight at-bats overall against him . He stayed in the game after getting hit in the helmet by a Manny Delcarmen pitch in the eighth	True
Bartlett went 1 - for - 2 against Beckett , and has five hits in eight at-bats overall against him . He stayed in the game after getting hit in the helmet by a Manny Delcarmen pitch in the eighth and scored on Carl Crawford 's RBI double . Dustin Pedroia singled in the first	True
Bartlett went 1 - for - 2 against Beckett , and has five hits in eight at-bats overall against him . He stayed in the game after getting hit in the helmet by a Manny Delcarmen pitch in the eighth and scored on Carl Crawford 's RBI double . Dustin Pedroia singled in the first and Julio Lugo reached on a base hit in the sixth	False
Beckett , who missed his last start with neck stiffness , said he felt fine . Shields retired 10 in a row before Ramirez walked to start the fifth	True
Beckett , who missed his last start with neck stiffness , said he felt fine . Shields retired 10 in a row before Ramirez walked to start the fifth . Ramirez swiped second	False
Shields retired 10 in a row before Ramirez walked to start the fifth . Ramirez swiped second for his 35th career stolen base and first since Apr . 10 , 2005 . Shields worked out of trouble by retiring Kevin Youkilis on a grounder , and striking out Coco Crisp and Jason Varitek . Beckett struck out the first five batters he faced . Eric Hinske singled in the second	True
Shields retired 10 in a row before Ramirez walked to start the fifth . Ramirez swiped second for his 35th career stolen base and first since Apr . 10 , 2005 . Shields worked out of trouble by retiring Kevin Youkilis on a grounder , and striking out Coco Crisp and Jason Varitek . Beckett struck out the first five batters he faced . Eric Hinske singled in the second but Beckett struck out Dioner Navarro to end the inning . He added two more strikeouts in the third	True
Iwamura said he looking for a curveball . Dioner Navarro got the Rays ' second hit , a pinch-hit single with one out in the eighth	True
Boston has lost four in a row . Scott Dohmann ( 2 - 0 ) struck out Manny Ramirez , the only batter he faced in the eighth	True
Scott Dohmann ( 2 - 0 ) struck out Manny Ramirez , the only batter he faced in the eighth , to win for the second straight day . He got the victory Friday when he got David Ortiz to hit into an inning-ending double play in the 11th inning . Troy Percival pitched the ninth	True
Troy Percival pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Coco Crisp opened the fifth	True
Troy Percival pitched the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Coco Crisp opened the fifth with a single , advanced two bases to third	False
Boston 's Ortiz was scratched from the starting lineup due to a bruised right knee . He was hurt diving into first base attempting to beat out a double-play grounder in the final inning of Boston 's 5 - 4 , 11-inning loss to the Rays on Friday night . Kevin Youkilis of the Red Sox established a new major league record for first basemen when he fielded his 1,701 consecutive chance without an error in the seventh	True
Boston 's Ortiz was scratched from the starting lineup due to a bruised right knee . He was hurt diving into first base attempting to beat out a double-play grounder in the final inning of Boston 's 5 - 4 , 11-inning loss to the Rays on Friday night . Kevin Youkilis of the Red Sox established a new major league record for first basemen when he fielded his 1,701 consecutive chance without an error in the seventh , recording the out on Eric Hinske 's grounder to second	False
Kevin Youkilis of the Red Sox established a new major league record for first basemen when he fielded his 1,701 consecutive chance without an error in the seventh , recording the out on Eric Hinske 's grounder to second . The old mark of 1,700 was set by Stuffy McInnis from May 31 , 1921 to June 2 , 1922 . Youkilis ' last error at first came on July 4 , 2006 , a span of a major league-best 205 games . Red Sox DH J. D. Drew had an unique two - out infield single in the first	True
Kevin Youkilis of the Red Sox established a new major league record for first basemen when he fielded his 1,701 consecutive chance without an error in the seventh , recording the out on Eric Hinske 's grounder to second . The old mark of 1,700 was set by Stuffy McInnis from May 31 , 1921 to June 2 , 1922 . Youkilis ' last error at first came on July 4 , 2006 , a span of a major league-best 205 games . Red Sox DH J. D. Drew had an unique two - out infield single in the first . He broke his bat , with the barrel forcing first baseman Carlos Pena to take several steps toward second	False
Kevin Youkilis of the Red Sox established a new major league record for first basemen when he fielded his 1,701 consecutive chance without an error in the seventh , recording the out on Eric Hinske 's grounder to second . The old mark of 1,700 was set by Stuffy McInnis from May 31 , 1921 to June 2 , 1922 . Youkilis ' last error at first came on July 4 , 2006 , a span of a major league-best 205 games . Red Sox DH J. D. Drew had an unique two - out infield single in the first . He broke his bat , with the barrel forcing first baseman Carlos Pena to take several steps toward second to avoid it . By the time Pena reached first	False
Jose Guillen provided the power , hitting his first home run at Kauffman Stadium with the Royals , and Tony Pena Jr. made a game-saving defensive play as Kansas City edged the Toronto Blue Jays 2 - 1 Saturday night . Pena , who committed an error in the fifth	True
Jose Guillen provided the power , hitting his first home run at Kauffman Stadium with the Royals , and Tony Pena Jr. made a game-saving defensive play as Kansas City edged the Toronto Blue Jays 2 - 1 Saturday night . Pena , who committed an error in the fifth that led to the only Blue Rays run , made a defensive gem in the eighth	True
Pena , who committed an error in the fifth that led to the only Blue Rays run , made a defensive gem in the eighth . With the bases loaded and two out , Adam Lind hit a grounder deep into the hole at shortstop . Pena threw out Lind from his knees by a half step . `` The grass is a little wet and I just slipped . I tried to stop as soon as possible and get some momentum throwing to first	False
Hochevar ( 1 - 1 ) , the first selection in the 2006 draft , held Toronto to six hits and one run in six innings in his seventh major league appearance . He struck out three and walked two . Guillen , who the Royals signed to a three - year , $ 36 million contract in December to boost a punchless offense , homered to left off Shaun Marcum to lead off the sixth	True
Guillen , who the Royals signed to a three - year , $ 36 million contract in December to boost a punchless offense , homered to left off Shaun Marcum to lead off the sixth and snap a 1 - 1 tie . Joakim Soria worked the ninth	True
Joakim Soria worked the ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Soria gave up a one - out single to David Eckstein that ended his streak of retiring 24 in a row . The Royals ' Mark Teahen led off the third	True
Joakim Soria worked the ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Soria gave up a one - out single to David Eckstein that ended his streak of retiring 24 in a row . The Royals ' Mark Teahen led off the third with a double down the right-field line and scored on Ross Gload 's single , and the Blue Jays tied it in the fifth	True
Joakim Soria worked the ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Soria gave up a one - out single to David Eckstein that ended his streak of retiring 24 in a row . The Royals ' Mark Teahen led off the third with a double down the right-field line and scored on Ross Gload 's single , and the Blue Jays tied it in the fifth when former Royal Gregg Zaun led off the inning with a double and stopped at third	False
Marcum ( 2 - 2 ) , who went to Excelsior Springs ( Mo . ) High School in suburban Kansas City suburb , limited the Royals to four hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Blue Jays went 1 - for - 14 with runners in scoring position and stranded four runners at third base -- Scott Rolen in the second	True
Marcum ( 2 - 2 ) , who went to Excelsior Springs ( Mo . ) High School in suburban Kansas City suburb , limited the Royals to four hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Blue Jays went 1 - for - 14 with runners in scoring position and stranded four runners at third base -- Scott Rolen in the second and fourth innings , Eckstein in the third	True
Marcum ( 2 - 2 ) , who went to Excelsior Springs ( Mo . ) High School in suburban Kansas City suburb , limited the Royals to four hits and one run in seven innings . He struck out four and walked three . The Blue Jays went 1 - for - 14 with runners in scoring position and stranded four runners at third base -- Scott Rolen in the second and fourth innings , Eckstein in the third and Rios in the eighth	True
With two new and familiar faces in the starting lineup , the A 's jumped on Minnesota starter Francisco Liriano for six runs in the first inning on the way to an 11 - 2 victory over the Twins in the rubber game Thursday . Murphy hit solo shots in the fifth	True
With two new and familiar faces in the starting lineup , the A 's jumped on Minnesota starter Francisco Liriano for six runs in the first inning on the way to an 11 - 2 victory over the Twins in the rubber game Thursday . Murphy hit solo shots in the fifth and sixth innings for his first	False
Murphy hit solo shots in the fifth and sixth innings for his first and second homers of the season and first career multihomer game . Thomas razzed him about it afterward . Mike Sweeney -- whose playing time will probably diminish with the addition of Thomas -- had a two - run double off the wall in left in the fourth	True
Mike Sweeney -- whose playing time will probably diminish with the addition of Thomas -- had a two - run double off the wall in left in the fourth , a day after connecting for his first home run in 40 games . Emil Brown hit a two - run single as the A 's batted around in the first	True
The Big Hurt agreed to terms with the A 's after being released Sunday by the Toronto Blue Jays and went 0 - for - 3 with two walks , receiving a warm welcome back from the crowd . He returned to the cleanup spot as designated hitter , which will be his regular role again for Oakland after he was a catalyst in the team 's 2006 playoff run and AL West championship . Davis was claimed off waivers from the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday and appeared in his first game , getting a single in the first	True
The Big Hurt agreed to terms with the A 's after being released Sunday by the Toronto Blue Jays and went 0 - for - 3 with two walks , receiving a warm welcome back from the crowd . He returned to the cleanup spot as designated hitter , which will be his regular role again for Oakland after he was a catalyst in the team 's 2006 playoff run and AL West championship . Davis was claimed off waivers from the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday and appeared in his first game , getting a single in the first , a triple in the fifth	True
The Big Hurt agreed to terms with the A 's after being released Sunday by the Toronto Blue Jays and went 0 - for - 3 with two walks , receiving a warm welcome back from the crowd . He returned to the cleanup spot as designated hitter , which will be his regular role again for Oakland after he was a catalyst in the team 's 2006 playoff run and AL West championship . Davis was claimed off waivers from the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday and appeared in his first game , getting a single in the first , a triple in the fifth and another base hit in the sixth	True
Davis was claimed off waivers from the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday and appeared in his first game , getting a single in the first , a triple in the fifth and another base hit in the sixth . Murphy homered to left to start the fifth	True
Liriano was done after Davis ' first single and just 35 pitches in a first inning that lasted 29 minutes . The left-hander , who is struggling mightily to command the strike zone after returning from Tommy John surgery in November 2006 , allowed six runs and five hits , walked three and did n't have a strikeout . It was the shortest outing by a Twins starter since May 30 , 2002 , when Brad Radke lasted only one - third	True
Smith allowed two runs on seven hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked one in his first career appearance against the Twins , helping Oakland win for the fifth time in six games . Davis ' hit in his first at-bat was only his second	False
Carlos Gomez hit a solo home run leading off the game for the Twins , one day after Gardenhire sat him for the first time all season following an 0 - for - 5 showing . Rookie Oakland first baseman Daric Barton got his first day out of the starting lineup all season , and Sweeney played first	False
Carlos Gomez hit a solo home run leading off the game for the Twins , one day after Gardenhire sat him for the first time all season following an 0 - for - 5 showing . Rookie Oakland first baseman Daric Barton got his first day out of the starting lineup all season , and Sweeney played first before Barton entered in the sixth	True
Lopez tied a career high with six RBIs thanks to his first homer of the season and a two - run single , leading Washington past the struggling New York Mets 10 - 5 on Thursday night , the Nationals ' fourth victory in their past 20 games . The Nationals fell behind 3 - 0 while being held in check through four innings by Mets starter Oliver Perez . But Washington 's weak lineup -- 3.5 runs per game and a major league-low .227 batting average coming in -- broke out for three runs in the fifth	True
Lopez tied a career high with six RBIs thanks to his first homer of the season and a two - run single , leading Washington past the struggling New York Mets 10 - 5 on Thursday night , the Nationals ' fourth victory in their past 20 games . The Nationals fell behind 3 - 0 while being held in check through four innings by Mets starter Oliver Perez . But Washington 's weak lineup -- 3.5 runs per game and a major league-low .227 batting average coming in -- broke out for three runs in the fifth , four in the sixth	True
Lopez tied a career high with six RBIs thanks to his first homer of the season and a two - run single , leading Washington past the struggling New York Mets 10 - 5 on Thursday night , the Nationals ' fourth victory in their past 20 games . The Nationals fell behind 3 - 0 while being held in check through four innings by Mets starter Oliver Perez . But Washington 's weak lineup -- 3.5 runs per game and a major league-low .227 batting average coming in -- broke out for three runs in the fifth , four in the sixth and three in the seventh	False
Washington matched a season best with 13 hits to make a winner of Mike O'Connor ( 1 - 0 ) , who was called up from Triple-A Columbus before the game and threw one inning of relief in his first appearance in the majors since 2006 . Lopez led the way , twice coming through with the bases loaded . He put the Nationals on the scoreboard with his single off a fastball from Perez ( 2 - 1 ) in the fifth	True
Washington matched a season best with 13 hits to make a winner of Mike O'Connor ( 1 - 0 ) , who was called up from Triple-A Columbus before the game and threw one inning of relief in his first appearance in the majors since 2006 . Lopez led the way , twice coming through with the bases loaded . He put the Nationals on the scoreboard with his single off a fastball from Perez ( 2 - 1 ) in the fifth , making it 3 - 2 , then broke a tie in the sixth	True
Lopez led the way , twice coming through with the bases loaded . He put the Nationals on the scoreboard with his single off a fastball from Perez ( 2 - 1 ) in the fifth , making it 3 - 2 , then broke a tie in the sixth by homering off reliever Aaron Heilman 's changeup . Perez began the trouble in the sixth	True
With injuries to two left fielders , Acta put Lopez in the outfield for the first time in his career to get him some playing time . And then Lopez moved into the starting lineup for good a week ago , taking over for Belliard at second base . He also supplanted Guzman as the leadoff hitter . With the count full , Lopez drove Heilman 's pitch over the out-of-town scoreboard in right-center , making it 7 - 3 with his fourth career grand slam , and the Nationals ' first	False
The last time Webb faced the Giants , on April 16 , he allowed only three hits in eight innings . It took San Francisco four batters to match that total Tuesday night . Lewis led off with a single , took third	False
Lewis led off with a single , took third on Ray Durham 's single and scored on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly to give the Giants a quick 1 - 0 lead . The Giants made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
In Zito 's first four starts , his biggest lead had been one run , and it lasted less than an inning . This time , his lead lasted less than three innings . Arizona cut it to 3 - 2 in the second	True
This time , his lead lasted less than three innings . Arizona cut it to 3 - 2 in the second on a two - run single by Chris Snyder , his sixth hit in 10 at-bats against Zito . In the fourth	True
Manager Bruce Bochy had a brief evaluation of Zito 's night . San Francisco cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the eighth	True
Manager Bruce Bochy had a brief evaluation of Zito 's night . San Francisco cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the eighth on Lewis ' double off Tony Pena . Pena struck out Winn looking on fastball over the inside corner to strand the potential tying run at third	False
San Francisco cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the eighth on Lewis ' double off Tony Pena . Pena struck out Winn looking on fastball over the inside corner to strand the potential tying run at third . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth	True
He quickly warmed to the top of the lineup . Hairston singled and doubled off Hong-Chih Kuo ( 0 - 1 ) , then singled home a pair of runs off Scott Proctor as the Reds pulled ahead 7 - 1 after five innings . Hairston also singled home a run in the eighth	True
Hairston singled and doubled off Hong-Chih Kuo ( 0 - 1 ) , then singled home a pair of runs off Scott Proctor as the Reds pulled ahead 7 - 1 after five innings . Hairston also singled home a run in the eighth , becoming the first Reds player to get four hits in a game this season . Adam Dunn and Brandon Phillips each added solo homers -- for Phillips , his first	False
Ellsbury reached on a bunt against Darren Oliver ( 1 - 1 ) and scored the winning run when Pedroia hit a grounder off a pitch from Scot Shields that went just inside the third-base bag and past the dive of Chone Figgins . Mike Timlin ( 2 - 1 ) retired one batter in the eighth	True
Los Angeles had scored five runs to grab a 5 - 1 lead after Ellsbury homered in Boston 's first at-bat of the game . Julio Lugo 's RBI single in the fourth cut it to 5 - 2 . Boston tied it with three in the fifth	True
After right fielder Vladimir Guerrero reached over a short wall for a running catch near the Pesky Pole to rob Manny Ramirez of what would have been his 497th homer and a tying shot , Youkilis tied it at 5 with a drive into the Green Monster seats . Ellsbury homered into the right-field seats off Darren O'Day to make it 6 - 5 in the sixth	True
After right fielder Vladimir Guerrero reached over a short wall for a running catch near the Pesky Pole to rob Manny Ramirez of what would have been his 497th homer and a tying shot , Youkilis tied it at 5 with a drive into the Green Monster seats . Ellsbury homered into the right-field seats off Darren O'Day to make it 6 - 5 in the sixth , but Casey Kotchman tied it with a home run against Hideki Okajima in the eighth	True
Weaver lasted five innings , surrendering five runs on 10 hits . Los Angeles scored three runs in the third	True
Los Angeles scored three runs in the third on Garret Anderson 's two - run single and Mathis ' RBI single . Pauley nearly got out of a bases-loaded mess with the score 1 - 1 by retiring Gary Matthews Jr. and Guerrero on pop outs , but Anderson bounced one up the middle . Mathis homered in the fourth	False
Hanley Ramirez , Josh Willingham and Dan Uggla homered and Marlins pitcher Mark Hendrickson , normally one of the majors ' worst hitters , had two hits while pitching eight innings of Florida 's 10 - 4 victory over the slumping Pirates on Monday night . One of the few bright spots for the Pirates was center fielder Nate McLouth , who extended his season-long hitting streak to 19 games when he singled in the eighth	True
But McLouth 's efforts were overshadowed by the Pirates ' ninth loss in their last 13 games . Ramirez , a .457 career hitter in PNC Park , hit a two - run homer during a four - run second inning against Morris ( 0 - 3 ) , giving him three homers in two games . Willingham added a two - run drive as Florida scored three more times in the third	True
Uggla hit a solo homer and had three of Florida 's 11 extra-base hits . In all the Marlins had 16 hits , and all nine Marlins starters got at least one of them . The Pirates , coming off a miserable road trip in which they were outscored 52 - 18 while losing five of six to the Dodgers and Cubs , lost their sixth	False
Especially when the starting pitcher is shutting no one down . Morris surrendered homers to Ramirez and Willingham while yielding eight runs and nine hits in four innings . Morris , whose salary represents about one - fifth	False
Morris surrendered homers to Ramirez and Willingham while yielding eight runs and nine hits in four innings . Morris , whose salary represents about one - fifth of the Pirates ' payroll , has allowed 25 runs , 21 earned , in 20 2/3 innings and has a 9.15 ERA . Hendrickson ( 4 - 1 ) won his fourth	False
Hendrickson already has three hits this season , or two more than he had in any of the previous five major league seasons in which he batted . He also has as many wins as he did while going 4 - 8 with the Dodgers last season . The Marlins , off to a surprising 12 - 7 start , continued their unexpected surge of power hitting . They traded star Miguel Cabrera during the offseason , yet their 29 homers are the second	False
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Derrick Turnbow is finally throwing strikes now . Unfortunately for the Brewers , the Cardinals are well aware of that . Skip Schumaker doubled in the go-ahead run in the ninth	True
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Derrick Turnbow is finally throwing strikes now . Unfortunately for the Brewers , the Cardinals are well aware of that . Skip Schumaker doubled in the go-ahead run in the ninth and St. Louis put Turnbow 's first three pitches in play to overcome a fielding blunder in the eighth	True
Schumaker had been 0 - for - 4 before his hit . Brian Barton , who pinch hit for reliever Ryan Franklin , doubled off a 95 mph fastball from Turnbow ( 0 - 1 ) to start the inning . After Cesar Izturis sacrificed Barton to second	False
Now he 's just another questionable arm as one of the two holdovers in a bullpen rebuilt this offseason . After seven strong innings from Cardinals starter Adam Wainwright , Franklin ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up an unearned run by limiting the damage in the eighth	True
Now he 's just another questionable arm as one of the two holdovers in a bullpen rebuilt this offseason . After seven strong innings from Cardinals starter Adam Wainwright , Franklin ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up an unearned run by limiting the damage in the eighth , and Jason Isringhausen earned his seventh save in eight chances with a perfect ninth	True
But Franklin did n't allow Milwaukee to take the lead as Hart was caught in a rundown when he tried to score on contact off a chopper by Bill Hall and J. J. Hardy grounded out to end the inning . In the top half of the eighth	True
But Franklin did n't allow Milwaukee to take the lead as Hart was caught in a rundown when he tried to score on contact off a chopper by Bill Hall and J. J. Hardy grounded out to end the inning . In the top half of the eighth , St. Louis went ahead 3 - 2 as a result of Hart 's gaffe in right field on Ludwick 's fly ball that hit the webbing of Hart 's glove to put Ludwick on third	False
Hart said he lost the ball in the lights , too . Reliever Brian Shouse , who came in to start the eighth	True
He got positive results against Los Angeles , going six innings and holding its powerful lineup to two runs and six hits . Jered Weaver ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up two runs in the first inning and another in the second	True
Jered Weaver ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up two runs in the first inning and another in the second for Los Angeles , said Meche ( 1 - 2 ) pitched well . Billy Butler and Alex Gordon had RBI singles in the first	True
Jered Weaver ( 2 - 2 ) , who gave up two runs in the first inning and another in the second for Los Angeles , said Meche ( 1 - 2 ) pitched well . Billy Butler and Alex Gordon had RBI singles in the first , and Joey Gathright scored on Weaver 's error in the second	True
Relievers Ramon Ramirez , Jimmy Gobble and Leo Nunez shut out Los Angeles to set up Joakim Soria , who struck out two in a perfect ninth inning . Soria earned his fifth save in five chances and has retired the last 17 batters he 's faced , eight on strikeouts . Los Angeles slugger Vladimir Guerrero left after eight innings with a bruised right index finger , hurt on a swing in the seventh	True
The Angels narrowed the gap to 3 - 2 with a two - out rally against Meche in the fourth inning . Garret Anderson singled , Torii Hunter doubled , and both scored on Casey Kotchman 's single to center . Gathright scored from second base when Weaver , covering first	False
The Angels narrowed the gap to 3 - 2 with a two - out rally against Meche in the fourth inning . Garret Anderson singled , Torii Hunter doubled , and both scored on Casey Kotchman 's single to center . Gathright scored from second base when Weaver , covering first on Mark Grudzielanek 's grounder , dropped the toss that would have been the third	False
Hudson ( 2 - 1 ) endured his first poor start of the season , allowing six hits . Manager Bobby Cox pulled the right-hander after only 58 pitches . The Braves lost their third	False
Jacobs , who came into the game tied for the NL lead in home runs , hit a two - out homer off Hudson in the third inning . It was only the second homer allowed by a Braves starter this year . Florida was nursing a 4 - 3 lead when newcomer Gonzalez homered in the seventh	True
Florida was nursing a 4 - 3 lead when newcomer Gonzalez homered in the seventh . It was only the second pinch-hit homer for the 40-year-old outfielder , who is a reserve this year for the first time in his career . Hendrickson went 5 1 - 3 innings and gave up three runs , two earned . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
Yunel Escobar hit his third home run for the Braves , who grounded into three inning-ending double plays . Florida scored three times in the second	True
Florida scored three times in the second . Josh Willingham led off with a double and came home on a single by Jorge Cantu . Mike Rabelo doubled and Alfredo Amezaga walked to load the bases , and Hanley Ramirez hit a two - out , two - run single . Atlanta scored an unearned run in the second	True
Florida scored three times in the second . Josh Willingham led off with a double and came home on a single by Jorge Cantu . Mike Rabelo doubled and Alfredo Amezaga walked to load the bases , and Hanley Ramirez hit a two - out , two - run single . Atlanta scored an unearned run in the second . Jeff Francoeur doubled , took third	False
Atlanta scored an unearned run in the second . Jeff Francoeur doubled , took third on an infield single by Diaz and continued home on an errant throw by third baseman Cantu . Kelly Johnson walked with two out in the fifth	False
Atlanta scored an unearned run in the second . Jeff Francoeur doubled , took third on an infield single by Diaz and continued home on an errant throw by third baseman Cantu . Kelly Johnson walked with two out in the fifth , and Escobar homered to cut the Braves ' deficit to 4 - 3 . Atlanta scored in the eighth	False
Loaiza ( 1 - 2 ) allowed a run and three hits , struck out two and walked none . The right-hander , who made his big league debut with the Pirates in 1995 and has pitched for seven other teams since , is 2 - 0 in two appearances against them . Kuo , making his second start this season and the first	False
Kuo 's first start was April 2 , when Torre decided to hold back Chad Billingsley until later in the game because of the threat of inclement weather . A bases-loaded walk to Ronny Paulino in the first gave Pittsburgh the lead , but the Dodgers pulled ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
Loney is one of two players to hit safely in each of his team 's first 14 games this year , along with Pittsburgh 's Nate McLouth . Kansas City 's Billy Butler had his 13-game streak snapped by the Seattle Mariners earlier Tuesday . McLouth , whose three - run homer in the ninth	True
Loney is one of two players to hit safely in each of his team 's first 14 games this year , along with Pittsburgh 's Nate McLouth . Kansas City 's Billy Butler had his 13-game streak snapped by the Seattle Mariners earlier Tuesday . McLouth , whose three - run homer in the ninth off closer Takashi Saito sent the Pirates to a 6 - 4 win on Monday , kept his streak alive with a first-inning single and hit a broken-bat double in the eighth	True
McLouth , whose three - run homer in the ninth off closer Takashi Saito sent the Pirates to a 6 - 4 win on Monday , kept his streak alive with a first-inning single and hit a broken-bat double in the eighth . He is the first Pirates player to open a season with a 14-game hitting streak since Hall of Famer Willie Stargell in 1976 . Los Angeles extended the lead to 8 - 1 in the fifth	True
Kent 's third homer of the season increased his RBI total to 1,468 , vaulting him past Rusty Staub for 50th place . Kent 's 368 homers are tied for 65th place on the career list with teammate Andruw Jones , who has n't hit one since Sept. 19 with Atlanta . Martin , who led NL catchers last season with 19 homers , led off the eighth	True
Kent 's third homer of the season increased his RBI total to 1,468 , vaulting him past Rusty Staub for 50th place . Kent 's 368 homers are tied for 65th place on the career list with teammate Andruw Jones , who has n't hit one since Sept. 19 with Atlanta . Martin , who led NL catchers last season with 19 homers , led off the eighth with his first	False
Greinke was dominant again Monday night , tossing a five - hitter as the Royals opened a seven - game road trip with a 5 - 1 win over the Seattle Mariners . The 24-year-old Greinke ( 3 - 0 ) was efficient throughout , changing speeds and locations with all his pitches while inducing Seattle 's batters into weak groundouts and flailing swings . Only one ball was hit hard all night , a drive from Yuniesky Betancourt that Mark Teahen made a leaping catch on against the wall to end the eighth	True
Though his ERA rose from 0.60 to 0.75 , Greinke matched Bannister with his third win and barely stayed ahead of him in their friendly challenge to have the lowest ERA . Greinke threw 107 pitches and walked one , working at least eight innings for the second consecutive start . He shut down the New York Yankees in his previous outing . It was his third career complete game and the sixth	False
Greinke got all the runs he needed in the second inning , thanks to a pair of longballs from an offense that entered the night with just five homers , the fewest in the AL . Billy Butler homered into the Kansas City bullpen leading off the second	True
Billy Butler homered into the Kansas City bullpen leading off the second to extend his career-best hitting streak to 13 games . Former Mariner Jose Guillen followed with a double to deep right-center and two batters later Miguel Olivo , another former Seattle player , homered to left-center on a 2 - 2 pitch . It was Olivo 's first homer since Sept. 12 with Florida . The Royals added another run in the seventh	True
Billy Butler homered into the Kansas City bullpen leading off the second to extend his career-best hitting streak to 13 games . Former Mariner Jose Guillen followed with a double to deep right-center and two batters later Miguel Olivo , another former Seattle player , homered to left-center on a 2 - 2 pitch . It was Olivo 's first homer since Sept. 12 with Florida . The Royals added another run in the seventh as Seattle 's bullpen continued to struggle . Sean Green took over for starter Jarrod Washburn starting the seventh	True
The Royals added another run in the seventh as Seattle 's bullpen continued to struggle . Sean Green took over for starter Jarrod Washburn starting the seventh and allowed two singles and a walk to load the bases . Ryan Rowland-Smith took over and gave up a sacrifice fly to David DeJesus , but escaped the inning without further damage . Kansas City scored again in the eighth	True
Kansas City scored again in the eighth off Roy Corcoran . Second baseman Jose Lopez dropped the transfer of a potential inning-ending double play , and Olivo and John Buck had consecutive singles to plate another run . Washburn 's only problems came in the second	True
Washburn 's only problems came in the second , when the Royals forced the left-hander to throw 30 pitches . Washburn ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits , striking out six . Seattle 's only run came in the third	True
Washburn 's only problems came in the second , when the Royals forced the left-hander to throw 30 pitches . Washburn ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits , striking out six . Seattle 's only run came in the third when Ichiro Suzuki barely beat out a double-play attempt , allowing Brad Wilkerson to score from third	False
There are currently 20 members of the Hall of Fame who pitched past their 42nd birthday . Thirteen of them were born in the 20th century , including Don Sutton , Nolan Ryan , Steve Carlton , Phil Niekro , Gaylord Perry , Dennis Eckersley , and Goose Gossage -- who will formally be inducted into Cooperstown on July 27 . Trevor Hoffman , the all-time saves leader , pitched a scoreless ninth	True
There are currently 20 members of the Hall of Fame who pitched past their 42nd birthday . Thirteen of them were born in the 20th century , including Don Sutton , Nolan Ryan , Steve Carlton , Phil Niekro , Gaylord Perry , Dennis Eckersley , and Goose Gossage -- who will formally be inducted into Cooperstown on July 27 . Trevor Hoffman , the all-time saves leader , pitched a scoreless ninth for his fourth	False
The only other time that a Dodgers pitcher beat San Diego four times in a season was 1974 , when Sutton and Andy Messersmith accounted for half of Los Angeles ' 16 victories in the season series ( 16 - 2 ) and the Dodgers went on to win the NL pennant . Billingsley matched zeros with Maddux through three innings before the Padres scratched out a run in the fourth	True
The only other time that a Dodgers pitcher beat San Diego four times in a season was 1974 , when Sutton and Andy Messersmith accounted for half of Los Angeles ' 16 victories in the season series ( 16 - 2 ) and the Dodgers went on to win the NL pennant . Billingsley matched zeros with Maddux through three innings before the Padres scratched out a run in the fourth with a leadoff walk to Jim Edmonds -- his first	False
Greene , whose .984 fielding percentage last season set a franchise record for shortstops , bailed out Maddux in the bottom half . He made a diving stop of Russell Martin 's hard-hit grounder toward the middle and threw him out to strand Jeff Kent at second base . Maddux gave up a bloop single to his first batter , Rafael Furcal , then was charged with his first balk since the 2000 season , snapping a string of 247 consecutive starts without one . Furcal remained stranded at second base as Juan Pierre lined out to second	False
Since scoring a run in the first inning Thursday night in a 6 - 1 loss to the New York Yankees , the Royals have gone 26 innings without scoring . Livan Hernandez pitched seven scoreless innings in a 5 - 0 victory on Friday night . Bonser ( 1 - 2 ) pitched six innings and Jason Kubel homered and scored twice for the Twins . Bonser did not give up a hit until Ross Gload singled with one out in the fifth	True
Bonser ( 1 - 2 ) pitched six innings and Jason Kubel homered and scored twice for the Twins . Bonser did not give up a hit until Ross Gload singled with one out in the fifth . Constantly blowing into his hands , he allowed three hits , two walks and struck out four . Kubel hit a solo shot in the third	True
Kubel hit a solo shot in the third off Brett Tomko ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up six hits and two runs in six - plus innings , with one walk , one strikeout and a painful stop of a hard grounder off his left leg that he somehow turned into an out . Joe Nathan worked the ninth	True
Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his fourth save in four opportunities . Relievers Matt Guerrier and Pat Neshek each went one inning for the Twins . The Twins got one run on four hits in the seventh	True
Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his fourth save in four opportunities . Relievers Matt Guerrier and Pat Neshek each went one inning for the Twins . The Twins got one run on four hits in the seventh and left the bases loaded . Kubel singled leading off and went to third	False
Denard Span 's RBI single brought Kubel home , then the Twins loaded the bases on Nick Punto 's bunt single . After reliever Ramon Ramirez struck out Carlos Gomez , Ron Mahay retired Matt Tolbert on a popup and got Joe Mauer on a called third strike . Justin Morneau hit a liner back to Tomko 's lower left leg in the fourth	True
Denard Span 's RBI single brought Kubel home , then the Twins loaded the bases on Nick Punto 's bunt single . After reliever Ramon Ramirez struck out Carlos Gomez , Ron Mahay retired Matt Tolbert on a popup and got Joe Mauer on a called third strike . Justin Morneau hit a liner back to Tomko 's lower left leg in the fourth . Tomko , from his knees facing the outfield , made an awkward backhanded toss toward first	False
After making a few warmup tosses , Tomko stayed in the game . Kansas City 's Billy Butler singled in the sixth	True
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Gavin Floyd 's concentration was on pitching , and little else , when someone near the dugout let him know what was going on . He was working on a no-hitter . Floyd lost the no-hit bid when Edgar Renteria singled with one out in the eighth	True
After Floyd left , Scott Linebrink relieved and got Ivan Rodriguez to hit into an inning-ending double play . The White Sox turned three double plays in dropping Detroit to 2 - 9 , the worst record in the majors . Reliever Bobby Jenks allowed an infield single in the ninth	True
Reliever Bobby Jenks allowed an infield single in the ninth for Detroit 's only other hit . Chicago took a 1 - 0 lead off Justin Verlander ( 0 - 2 ) on Orlando Cabrera 's first home run for the White Sox , a solo shot in the third	True
Chicago took a 1 - 0 lead off Justin Verlander ( 0 - 2 ) on Orlando Cabrera 's first home run for the White Sox , a solo shot in the third . In the eighth	True
He was cut by New York on the final day of spring training , but called up from the minors on April 2 because of injuries to Pedro Martinez and Orlando Hernandez . He retired 14 straight batters before issuing a four - pitch walk to Corey Hart with two outs in the fifth	True
He retired 14 straight batters before issuing a four - pitch walk to Corey Hart with two outs in the fifth . Hardy followed with an RBI double , and Figueroa received a warm hand from the crowd . The Brewers cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth	False
The Brewers cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Fielder 's two - out RBI double , but Gold Glove center fielder Carlos Beltran ran down Braun 's long drive to right-center to preserve the lead . Beltran tracked the ball through the mist and fog for a difficult basket catch on the warning track . Figueroa raised his first	False
Beltran tracked the ball through the mist and fog for a difficult basket catch on the warning track . Figueroa raised his first in the air and waited by the dugout to thank Beltran . Figueroa 's batterymate also came full circle with the Mets on Friday night and gave them a lift . Raul Casanova , drafted by New York in 1990 , made his first big league appearance for the team and hit an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
Manager Terry Francona said Beckett looked sharp before starting to tire . With the score tied at 2 in the fifth	True
Manager Terry Francona said Beckett looked sharp before starting to tire . With the score tied at 2 in the fifth , Aaron Hill singled with two outs and Beckett walked Alex Rios and Wells . Thomas sent reliever Manny Delcarmen 's first pitch into the left-field stands for his second homer of the season and second	False
The crowd of 30,114 called Thomas out of the dugout for a curtain call after his slam , the 515th homer of his career . Thomas also had a two - run double off Delcarmen in Toronto 's 6 - 3 victory Friday . He went 4 - for - 12 with eight RBIs in the series . Halladay gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings , struck out six and walked one . Jeremy Accardo pitched the ninth	True
Halladay gave up four runs and eight hits in eight innings , struck out six and walked one . Jeremy Accardo pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Wells brought Rios home with a two - run drive in the fourth	True
Wells brought Rios home with a two - run drive in the fourth , his fifth career homer against Beckett . He improved to 9 - for - 27 against Beckett but said the hard-throwing Texan was as tough as ever . Drew , Jacoby Ellsbury and Varitek each had solo homers off Halladay , while David Ortiz had an RBI single in the eighth	True
The Giants , in their first season following the forced departure of Barry Bonds , have lost three of their first four games . Carlos Villanueva ( 1 - 0 ) tied a career high with six strikeouts , going 5 1/3 innings . He held the Giants scoreless until the sixth	True
San Francisco starter Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) set a career high with eight strikeouts . But it was n't much of a day otherwise for Sanchez , who gave up seven runs in four - plus innings . In two career starts at Miller Park , Sanchez has given up a total of 15 earned runs in six innings . Fielder 's RBI single and Hall 's homer put Milwaukee ahead 3 - 0 in the first	True
Fielder 's RBI single and Hall 's homer put Milwaukee ahead 3 - 0 in the first . In the Brewers ' five - run fifth	True
Yost said he was n't sure if Gwynn would need to go on the 15-day disabled list with the injury . Gwynn left the game after the top of the sixth	True
Left-hander Randy Wolf made his debut for the Padres and started for the first time since July 3 while with the Los Angeles Dodgers . Righty Shawn Chacon made his Astros debut . Neither got a decision . After the Astros tied it at 2 in the seventh	True
He held the Astros to one run and four hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . Wolf left with a 2 - 1 lead , which reliever Enrique Gonzalez ( 1 - 0 ) gave up in the seventh	True
Manager Lou Piniella decided that Dempster , his closer-turned-starter who 'd thrown 117 pitches in his previous outing , was done for the day after 93 pitches . Piniella plans to shorten some starts and rest players when possible as the Cubs head out on a West Coast trip after playing 33 home games the first two months . Chicago is 10 - 13 on the road so far . After Dempster departed , three Cubs relievers combined for three hitless innings before Carlos Marmol worked the ninth	True
After Dempster departed , three Cubs relievers combined for three hitless innings before Carlos Marmol worked the ninth for his third save in four chances . Kosuke Fukudome backed Marmol with a nice catch in front of the right-field wall for the second	False
Former Cub Glendon Rusch ( 1 - 3 ) , making his first start since July 9 , 2006 , gave up nine hits and five runs in 4 2 - 3 innings . Quintanilla hit his first major league homer , a two - run shot in the second	True
Chicago responded with three runs in the bottom half . Dempster hit an RBI double and Soriano followed with his 12th homer to make it 3 - 2 . Geovany Soto 's RBI double , a ball that appeared to tip off the glove of center fielder Taveras , made it 4 - 2 in the third	True
Chicago responded with three runs in the bottom half . Dempster hit an RBI double and Soriano followed with his 12th homer to make it 3 - 2 . Geovany Soto 's RBI double , a ball that appeared to tip off the glove of center fielder Taveras , made it 4 - 2 in the third and Soriano added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Helton 's homer in the fifth cut the lead to 5 - 3 . First base umpire Brian O'Nora had to leave the game in the top of the second	True
Bobby Abreu broke a 12th-inning tie with a one - out single Saturday night in a 7 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins , and the Yankees rolled into June with a winning record . In taking the first two of four in Minnesota , both by one run , only seven of the Yankees ' 27 hits have been for extra bases . They stole four bases in this game , though Alex Rodriguez 's attempt for a fifth	False
Bobby Abreu broke a 12th-inning tie with a one - out single Saturday night in a 7 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins , and the Yankees rolled into June with a winning record . In taking the first two of four in Minnesota , both by one run , only seven of the Yankees ' 27 hits have been for extra bases . They stole four bases in this game , though Alex Rodriguez 's attempt for a fifth was thwarted by a nifty pickoff move by Dennys Reyes in the 10th	True
This was their eighth win in the last 10 games , and they moved to 28 - 27 -- above the break-even mark for the first time since May 4 . When catcher Jorge Posada rejoins his teammates next week , he 'll find a group with a good vibe and plenty of fuel for the summer . For a while , it looked as if this team might be too old to keep up in the race anymore . Mike Lamb just missed ending the game for the Twins in the 10th	True
Mike Lamb just missed ending the game for the Twins in the 10th , hustling for a two - out triple after a high drive off the right-field wall against Ross Ohlendorf ( 1 - 1 ) , who earned his first major league win with two scoreless innings . He struck out Carlos Gomez on a pitch well out of the zone to end that threat . The Twins left two men on in both the 10th	True
Mike Lamb just missed ending the game for the Twins in the 10th , hustling for a two - out triple after a high drive off the right-field wall against Ross Ohlendorf ( 1 - 1 ) , who earned his first major league win with two scoreless innings . He struck out Carlos Gomez on a pitch well out of the zone to end that threat . The Twins left two men on in both the 10th and with none out in the 11th	True
Mike Lamb just missed ending the game for the Twins in the 10th , hustling for a two - out triple after a high drive off the right-field wall against Ross Ohlendorf ( 1 - 1 ) , who earned his first major league win with two scoreless innings . He struck out Carlos Gomez on a pitch well out of the zone to end that threat . The Twins left two men on in both the 10th and with none out in the 11th , for a total of 12 . Mariano Rivera pitched the 12th	True
Bonser acknowledged that his tenuous status weighed on him . The Yankees had a brief 6 - 3 lead , but Chien-Ming Wang gave up two runs in the sixth	True
Bonser acknowledged that his tenuous status weighed on him . The Yankees had a brief 6 - 3 lead , but Chien-Ming Wang gave up two runs in the sixth and Michael Cuddyer tied it against Edwar Ramirez with a homer in the seventh	True
The Yankees had a brief 6 - 3 lead , but Chien-Ming Wang gave up two runs in the sixth and Michael Cuddyer tied it against Edwar Ramirez with a homer in the seventh . After totaling 40 home runs over the last two seasons , Cuddyer has only two this year -- and this was his first	False
Wang was unimpressive again for the Yankees , failing to win for the fifth straight start . He gave up nine hits , five runs and three walks -- all by Alexi Casilla -- in 5 1/3 innings . Gomez , the last batter he faced , hit an RBI single to cut New York 's lead to 6 - 5 . This came after Bonser began the sixth	True
Litsch ( 7 - 1 ) , coming off a seven - hit shutout of Kansas City on Saturday , has n't lost in seven starts since a defeat at Tampa Bay on April 22 . He allowed seven hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked one in throwing a season-high 108 pitches . After allowing Jack Hannahan 's leadoff single in the first	True
Litsch ( 7 - 1 ) , coming off a seven - hit shutout of Kansas City on Saturday , has n't lost in seven starts since a defeat at Tampa Bay on April 22 . He allowed seven hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked one in throwing a season-high 108 pitches . After allowing Jack Hannahan 's leadoff single in the first , Litsch retired the next eight batters before Hannahan singled again . Jesse Carlson and Shawn Camp finished the eight - hit shutout , Toronto 's sixth	False
After allowing Jack Hannahan 's leadoff single in the first , Litsch retired the next eight batters before Hannahan singled again . Jesse Carlson and Shawn Camp finished the eight - hit shutout , Toronto 's sixth . The A 's were blanked for the sixth time . Shannon Stewart hit a two - run homer among his three hits , his first	False
Shannon Stewart hit a two - run homer among his three hits , his first of the year and against his 2007 club . David Eckstein had an RBI double in his second game back from a disabled list stint with a hip flexor injury . Eckstein , who sat out Wednesday , returns Friday for the first time to Anaheim to face the Angels , his team for his first four big-league seasons from 2001 - 04 . Aaron Hill had a pair of base hits and two RBIs , including drawing a bases-loaded walk in a three - run fifth	True
Shannon Stewart hit a two - run homer among his three hits , his first of the year and against his 2007 club . David Eckstein had an RBI double in his second game back from a disabled list stint with a hip flexor injury . Eckstein , who sat out Wednesday , returns Friday for the first time to Anaheim to face the Angels , his team for his first four big-league seasons from 2001 - 04 . Aaron Hill had a pair of base hits and two RBIs , including drawing a bases-loaded walk in a three - run fifth that made it 7 - 0 . But the second baseman was injured after a hard collision with Eckstein in the seventh	True
Hill was down and held his head for several minutes as Toronto 's training staff examined his head and teeth before he walked off the field on his own . He and Eckstein , the shortstop , both ran sideways on a high popup in shallow center by Rob Bowen that fell for a single and Eckstein 's elbow hit Hill in the jaw . The team called it a mild concussion as a precaution . Kevin Mench had three hits and scored three runs and Brad Wilkerson added a sacrifice fly as the Blue Jays got a season high in runs and hits ( 17 ) . Barajas hit his second double in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays scored 10 or more runs for the third time this season and tagged Eveland for a career-high seven earned runs . Every Toronto batter reached base safely and six players had multihit games . Eveland was hit by balls on two infield singles -- the first	False
The Blue Jays scored 10 or more runs for the third time this season and tagged Eveland for a career-high seven earned runs . Every Toronto batter reached base safely and six players had multihit games . Eveland was hit by balls on two infield singles -- the first on the left wrist and right biceps then the second	False
Hall began the game on the bench , as Russell Branyan started at third base under a new platoon system being used by Brewers manager Ned Yost . The reason ? Hall was hitting only .158 against right-handed pitchers coming into Tuesday 's game . Hall -- who noted to reporters before the game that he was n't the only player on the team struggling offensively , and wondered why he was being singled out -- entered as a defensive replacement in the ninth	True
Hall -- who noted to reporters before the game that he was n't the only player on the team struggling offensively , and wondered why he was being singled out -- entered as a defensive replacement in the ninth . He then led off the bottom of the inning with a broken-bat bloop single off Braves reliever Jeff Bennett ( 0 - 3 ) , a right-hander . Rickie Weeks sacrificed Hall to second	False
Hall -- who noted to reporters before the game that he was n't the only player on the team struggling offensively , and wondered why he was being singled out -- entered as a defensive replacement in the ninth . He then led off the bottom of the inning with a broken-bat bloop single off Braves reliever Jeff Bennett ( 0 - 3 ) , a right-hander . Rickie Weeks sacrificed Hall to second , and Hall stole third	False
The loss was the latest in a long line of road woes this season for the Braves , who have a major league-low six road wins this season . Even tougher to take was an injury to left fielder Matt Diaz , who limped away from first base after an unsuccessful bunt attempt in the seventh	True
Diaz appeared to sustain the injury in the previous inning , when he slid into a wall while trying to catch a foul ball by Prince Fielder . But he stayed in to take his turn at bat . The Brewers barely managed to get the ball out of the infield through the first five innings against Hudson , and were held scoreless until J. J. Hardy 's RBI single in the seventh	True
The Brewers barely managed to get the ball out of the infield through the first five innings against Hudson , and were held scoreless until J. J. Hardy 's RBI single in the seventh . Milwaukee then tied it with a two - out rally in the eighth	True
Hardy then hit a sharp grounder up the middle that glanced off Hudson 's foot and caromed high into the air , allowing Fielder to score . Brewers starter Dave Bush gave up a solo home run in each of the first two innings , the first	False
Hardy then hit a sharp grounder up the middle that glanced off Hudson 's foot and caromed high into the air , allowing Fielder to score . Brewers starter Dave Bush gave up a solo home run in each of the first two innings , the first to Kelly Johnson and the second	False
Brewers starter Dave Bush gave up a solo home run in each of the first two innings , the first to Kelly Johnson and the second to rookie Gregor Blanco , both deep to right field . It was the first career homer for Blanco . Bush settled down from there , holding the Braves scoreless until he was taken out for a pinch-hitter in the seventh	True
Gonzalez has four homers in the last six games . He 's driven in 25 runs this month . After Gonzalez 's homer chased Manning , Kouzmanoff hit Joel Hanrahan 's first pitch into the first row of the second deck in left-center . It was Kouzmanoff 's eighth overall and fifth	False
It was the second time this season the Padres hit consecutive homers . Kouzmanoff and Khalil Greene did it Thursday night in an 8 - 2 win over Cincinnati , when the Padres hit four homers . Heath Bell ( 1 - 3 ) retired four batters for the win . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	True
Heath Bell ( 1 - 3 ) retired four batters for the win . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances , extending his major league career record to 534 . Washington 's Aaron Boone hit a two - run homer to left with one out in the first	True
Heath Bell ( 1 - 3 ) retired four batters for the win . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances , extending his major league career record to 534 . Washington 's Aaron Boone hit a two - run homer to left with one out in the first , his fifth	False
Derrek Lee and Aramis Ramirez homered to back Dempster as the Chicago Cubs beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 on Monday . Lee hit a two - run drive in the first inning off Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 6 ) for his 250th home run , and Ramirez added a solo homer against Scott Proctor in the eighth	True
Dempster ( 6 - 2 ) gave the bullpen some rest after the Cubs combined to use 11 relievers in consecutive extra-inning losses at Pittsburgh . He allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings before Bob Howry and Kerry Wood finished . Dempster gave up a run-scoring infield single to Juan Pierre in the fifth	True
Dempster ( 6 - 2 ) gave the bullpen some rest after the Cubs combined to use 11 relievers in consecutive extra-inning losses at Pittsburgh . He allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings before Bob Howry and Kerry Wood finished . Dempster gave up a run-scoring infield single to Juan Pierre in the fifth and escaped a bases-loaded jam in the sixth	True
Chicago had no one warming up in the bullpen , so the Cubs were counting on Dempster to escape . The Dodgers had another chance in the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter James Loney just missed a grand slam when he lined a foul down the right-field line , Loney then struck out , and Delwyn Young hit an inning-ending flyout . Andre Ethier singled with one out in the ninth	True
Instead , the Dodgers wasted another solid outing by Billingsley . He allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , struck out seven and walked two after going 4 - 1 in his previous five starts . He thought he made a good pitch to Lee after Theriot walked in the first	True
He was picked off second base in the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 14-inning loss and then dropped a flyball for a double in the ninth inning the following day as Chicago fell 6 - 5 in 11 . Bothered by leg problems the past two seasons , Soriano could n't make it past second	True
He was picked off second base in the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 14-inning loss and then dropped a flyball for a double in the ninth inning the following day as Chicago fell 6 - 5 in 11 . Bothered by leg problems the past two seasons , Soriano could n't make it past second on Ryan Theriot 's single to right in the sixth inning Monday and stopped at third	False
Gorzelanny helped himself get the victory , driving in a run with his first hit in 23 at-bats , dating to last season , with a single during the Pirates ' four - run fourth inning against starter Dave Bush ( 1 - 5 ) . After Nate McLouth singled and Bay homered off the center field batter 's backdrop for his 11th	False
One batter later , Raul Chavez -- a .214 career hitter brought up by Pittsburgh last week -- singled to center to make it 3 - 1 and Gorzelanny followed with his RBI single . He had been 0 - for - 13 this season . McLouth had his first four - hit game to boost his average to .314 and scored three times . He singled in the fifth	True
One batter later , Raul Chavez -- a .214 career hitter brought up by Pittsburgh last week -- singled to center to make it 3 - 1 and Gorzelanny followed with his RBI single . He had been 0 - for - 13 this season . McLouth had his first four - hit game to boost his average to .314 and scored three times . He singled in the fifth and scored on Nady 's seventh homer , which made it 6 - 1 . Chris Gomez added a two - run single in the seventh	False
McLouth broke out of a slump in which he hit .196 over his previous 12 games . Corey Hart and Rickie Weeks hit solo homers leading off an inning . But the Brewers could n't score despite having runners on second	False
McLouth broke out of a slump in which he hit .196 over his previous 12 games . Corey Hart and Rickie Weeks hit solo homers leading off an inning . But the Brewers could n't score despite having runners on second and third	False
McLouth broke out of a slump in which he hit .196 over his previous 12 games . Corey Hart and Rickie Weeks hit solo homers leading off an inning . But the Brewers could n't score despite having runners on second and third with one out in the second	True
McLouth broke out of a slump in which he hit .196 over his previous 12 games . Corey Hart and Rickie Weeks hit solo homers leading off an inning . But the Brewers could n't score despite having runners on second and third with one out in the second , loading the bases with two out in the fourth following Hart 's leadoff homer and having runners on first	False
McLouth broke out of a slump in which he hit .196 over his previous 12 games . Corey Hart and Rickie Weeks hit solo homers leading off an inning . But the Brewers could n't score despite having runners on second and third with one out in the second , loading the bases with two out in the fourth following Hart 's leadoff homer and having runners on first and third	False
McLouth broke out of a slump in which he hit .196 over his previous 12 games . Corey Hart and Rickie Weeks hit solo homers leading off an inning . But the Brewers could n't score despite having runners on second and third with one out in the second , loading the bases with two out in the fourth following Hart 's leadoff homer and having runners on first and third with two out in the fifth	False
Blake DeWitt 's second RBI single of the game lifted the Dodgers to a 6 - 5 comeback win over Cincinnati on Monday night , snapping the Reds ' six - game winning streak . The rookie is 6 - for - 6 with 12 RBIs in bases-loaded situations . Russell Martin led off the ninth	True
Blake DeWitt 's second RBI single of the game lifted the Dodgers to a 6 - 5 comeback win over Cincinnati on Monday night , snapping the Reds ' six - game winning streak . The rookie is 6 - for - 6 with 12 RBIs in bases-loaded situations . Russell Martin led off the ninth with an infield hit up the middle and continued to second	False
Russell Martin led off the ninth with an infield hit up the middle and continued to second when shortstop Paul Janish threw the ball over the head of first baseman Joey Votto and into the dugout . Martin advanced on Jeff Kent 's groundout , and David Weathers ( 1 - 3 ) intentionally walked James Loney and Matt Kemp ( 4 - for - 4 ) before DeWitt stroked his opposite-field hit to left . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Adam Dunn tied a Cincinnati club record by homering in his fifth straight game and Brandon Phillips was 4 - for - 5 with an RBI single . With shortstop Jeff Keppinger on the disabled list because of a broken left knee cap , utilityman Jerry Hairston Jr. started at short for the Reds and committed a two - base throwing error on Martin 's routine grounder -- allowing two runs to score and trimming Cincinnati 's lead to 4 - 2 in the third	True
Janish replaced Hairston in the eighth inning for defensive purposes . It 's going to be that way for the Reds until Keppinger returns . He is expected to be out 4-to-6 weeks after fouling a pitch off his knee last Tuesday against Florida . Dunn increased the Reds ' margin to three runs with an RBI single in the fifth	True
Dunn increased the Reds ' margin to three runs with an RBI single in the fifth , but the Dodgers came right back in the bottom half to tie it against Bronson Arroyo on two - out RBI singles by Loney , Kemp and DeWitt . The Reds , coming off three - game sweeps against Florida and Cleveland , took a 2 - 0 lead with RBI singles by Phillips in the first inning and Corey Patterson in the second	True
The Reds , coming off three - game sweeps against Florida and Cleveland , took a 2 - 0 lead with RBI singles by Phillips in the first inning and Corey Patterson in the second . Dunn , who came in 3 - for - 25 lifetime against Brad Penny with a home run and 13 strikeouts , drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the pavilion seats in right-center in the third	True
The Reds , coming off three - game sweeps against Florida and Cleveland , took a 2 - 0 lead with RBI singles by Phillips in the first inning and Corey Patterson in the second . Dunn , who came in 3 - for - 25 lifetime against Brad Penny with a home run and 13 strikeouts , drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the pavilion seats in right-center in the third after Phillips led off with a single and stole second	False
The Reds , coming off three - game sweeps against Florida and Cleveland , took a 2 - 0 lead with RBI singles by Phillips in the first inning and Corey Patterson in the second . Dunn , who came in 3 - for - 25 lifetime against Brad Penny with a home run and 13 strikeouts , drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the pavilion seats in right-center in the third after Phillips led off with a single and stole second . He added an RBI single against the right-hander in the fifth	True
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Alfonso Soriano went deep again . And again . Nate McLouth 's homer was the decisive one , though . He hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer off Carlos Marmol in the ninth	True
The Pirates had lost 10 straight to the Cubs and were 0 - 7 against them this year before McLouth came through with the big hit . Freddy Sanchez beat shortstop Ryan Theriot 's throw to first	False
Freddy Sanchez beat shortstop Ryan Theriot 's throw to first on a grounder up the middle with one out before McLouth 's drive off Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) to the basket above the right-field wall . Pittsburgh won for the ninth time in 12 games . He got a fastball and drilled his 12th homer and his second	False
Matt Capps gave up a two - out RBI single to Theriot after Soriano doubled for his fifth hit of the game , but retired Derrek Lee on a fly to right for his 10th save in as many chances . Damaso Marte ( 3 - 0 ) retired all three batters he faced in the eighth	True
Soriano has 20 hits in his last 37 at-bats , raising his average to .295 after a brutal start . He tied a career high by leading off his fifth straight game with a hit when he lined a single to center and added an RBI single during a three - run second	True
He tied a career high by leading off his fifth straight game with a hit when he lined a single to center and added an RBI single during a three - run second that gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . His solo shot to left off Zach Duke in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and he greeted Yates with another one that tied it at 5 in the seventh	True
He left after Nady made a diving catch near the right-field warning track to rob pinch hitter Ronny Cedeno . Then , Soriano went deep off Yates . Zambrano was in line for his second loss of the season before Soriano 's second homer . After going 5 - 0 in his previous six starts he simply did n't have it . He left with none out in the fifth	True
Duke led off with a walk , and Sanchez and McLouth singled to make it 4 - 3 . Zambrano then walked Jason Bay to load the bases before Adam LaRoche chased him with an RBI single off his glove that tied it . Nady then made it 5 - 4 with a sacrifice fly to foul territory in right off Michael Wuertz , before Doug Mientkiewicz lined a double play to first baseman Lee . Besides struggling on the mound , Zambrano popped out while trying to lay down a bunt in the second	True
Duke led off with a walk , and Sanchez and McLouth singled to make it 4 - 3 . Zambrano then walked Jason Bay to load the bases before Adam LaRoche chased him with an RBI single off his glove that tied it . Nady then made it 5 - 4 with a sacrifice fly to foul territory in right off Michael Wuertz , before Doug Mientkiewicz lined a double play to first baseman Lee . Besides struggling on the mound , Zambrano popped out while trying to lay down a bunt in the second and broke his bat over his left leg after striking out in the fourth	True
This time , they could n't blame the starting pitching . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 1 - 4 ) , who has n't won since April 8 , struck out five and walked one in seven innings . The game was tied 2-all when Young , who had three hits , started the winning rally with a leadoff double in the sixth	True
This time , they could n't blame the starting pitching . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 1 - 4 ) , who has n't won since April 8 , struck out five and walked one in seven innings . The game was tied 2-all when Young , who had three hits , started the winning rally with a leadoff double in the sixth . He moved to third	False
Young 's two doubles gave him just six extra-base hits this season . He had three doubles and a triple entering Friday 's game . The Twins added an insurance run with another sacrifice fly by Everett in the eighth	True
The Twins added an insurance run with another sacrifice fly by Everett in the eighth . The Rockies put runners on the corners with two outs in the eighth	True
The Rockies put runners on the corners with two outs in the eighth , but Todd Helton bounced out to relief pitcher Dennys Reyes . In the third inning , Carlos Gomez reached on a two - out single and moved to second	False
In the third inning , Carlos Gomez reached on a two - out single and moved to second on Helton 's error on a pickoff attempt . After Brendan Harris walked , Joe Mauer singled up the middle to make it 1 - 0 . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Michael Cuddyer doubled with one out and Lamb followed with a bloop single to right to make it 2 - 0 . The Rockies got the two runs back in their half of the fourth	True
The Rockies got the two runs back in their half of the fourth . Willy Taveras led off with an infield single , Barmes tripled to right and then scored on a groundout to shortstop . After that , Blackburn settled down . He allowed just two hits over the next three innings , and with Barmes on third	False
The Rockies got the two runs back in their half of the fourth . Willy Taveras led off with an infield single , Barmes tripled to right and then scored on a groundout to shortstop . After that , Blackburn settled down . He allowed just two hits over the next three innings , and with Barmes on third with two outs in the sixth	True
The Reds got home runs from Brandon Phillips and Dunn , then won it with the only run in the game not produced by a homer . Cincinnati loaded the bases in the eighth	True
Lewis attended high school in Cincinnati and estimated that more than 50 family members and friends were in the stands . Manager Eric Wedge talked to him for a few minutes in the corner of the clubhouse after the game . David Weathers ( 1 - 2 ) escaped a threat in the eighth	True
Lewis attended high school in Cincinnati and estimated that more than 50 family members and friends were in the stands . Manager Eric Wedge talked to him for a few minutes in the corner of the clubhouse after the game . David Weathers ( 1 - 2 ) escaped a threat in the eighth , forcing the Indians to strand a runner at third	False
Lewis attended high school in Cincinnati and estimated that more than 50 family members and friends were in the stands . Manager Eric Wedge talked to him for a few minutes in the corner of the clubhouse after the game . David Weathers ( 1 - 2 ) escaped a threat in the eighth , forcing the Indians to strand a runner at third . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth	True
Just like that , he lost his touch . Cueto gave up a leadoff homer to Casey Blake in the sixth	True
The surprising Rays are on top , and the sputtering Yankees are on the bottom . No one was gloating , though . `` Sometimes I get away from my own rule on the negative side . But I think the guys are handling this very well . It 's the confidence that 's been gained . It 's the momentum that you create .. .. It 's a feeling that did not exist before , so first	False
Kazmir agreed Wednesday to a three - year extension through 2011 , a deal with a club option that could raise the contract 's value to $ 39.5 million over four seasons . He walked three and struck out three in his third start since returning on May 4 . The 2007 AL strikeout champion threw 100 pitches -- 59 strikes -- and worked out of situations with runners in scoring position in the fourth	True
Kazmir agreed Wednesday to a three - year extension through 2011 , a deal with a club option that could raise the contract 's value to $ 39.5 million over four seasons . He walked three and struck out three in his third start since returning on May 4 . The 2007 AL strikeout champion threw 100 pitches -- 59 strikes -- and worked out of situations with runners in scoring position in the fourth , fifth	True
The 2007 AL strikeout champion threw 100 pitches -- 59 strikes -- and worked out of situations with runners in scoring position in the fourth , fifth and sixth innings . Iwamura hit the third leadoff homer of his career in the first inning , and Riggans added a two - run shot off Kennedy that made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
Iwamura hit the third leadoff homer of his career in the first inning , and Riggans added a two - run shot off Kennedy that made it 4 - 0 in the fourth . Carl Crawford and B. J. Upton also drove in runs for the Rays with sacrifice flies . Troy Percival pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kennedy was sent to the minors after going 0 - 2 with an 8.37 ERA in six appearances , including five starts . The demotion May 4 turned out to be a short one when the right-hander did n't allow a run in eight innings at Triple-A . He had given up just two homers in 42 2/3 major league innings before Iwamura hit his fourth pitch of the game into the right-field seats . Riggans hit his third	False
Khalil Greene hit a three - run homer to help Estes reach that milestone and win his first game since 2005 with the San Diego Padres ' 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Estes pitched 5 1/3 innings and the Padres ' bullpen secured the win with 3 2/3 innings of hitless relief . Trevor Hoffman pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Estes showed a little rust early , giving up Soriano 's homer and Johnson 's double in the second inning . Estes allowed three runs , two earned on seven hits . He struck out two and walked one . Soriano now has 45 leadoff homers , passing Brady Anderson for third	False
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Ryan Church lashed a line drive to right in the sixth inning , harder hit than his homer in the second	True
The Mets left 11 on base Monday and nine Tuesday , a trend that disturbs Mets manager Willie Randolph . Maine was mostly dominant for his second straight start , allowing just two runs -- one earned -- and two hits and retiring 11 of the last 12 batters he faced after giving up Ryan Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the third	True
He was removed for pinch-hitter Fernando Tatis , who was called up from Triple-A New Orleans earlier Tuesday . Tatis singled in his first big league at-bat since 2006 and scored on Church 's hit that zipped over Kearns ' outstretched glove for a 4 - 2 lead . Matt Wise , activated from the disabled list Tuesday , gave up a run in the seventh	True
He was removed for pinch-hitter Fernando Tatis , who was called up from Triple-A New Orleans earlier Tuesday . Tatis singled in his first big league at-bat since 2006 and scored on Church 's hit that zipped over Kearns ' outstretched glove for a 4 - 2 lead . Matt Wise , activated from the disabled list Tuesday , gave up a run in the seventh , Duaner Sanchez walked two in a scoreless eighth	True
He was removed for pinch-hitter Fernando Tatis , who was called up from Triple-A New Orleans earlier Tuesday . Tatis singled in his first big league at-bat since 2006 and scored on Church 's hit that zipped over Kearns ' outstretched glove for a 4 - 2 lead . Matt Wise , activated from the disabled list Tuesday , gave up a run in the seventh , Duaner Sanchez walked two in a scoreless eighth and Billy Wagner gave up a hit in the ninth	False
John Lannan ( 3 - 4 ) , 3 - 1 with a 2.17 ERA in five previous starts , gave up 12 hits and four runs in six innings . It could have been worse if not for two stellar defensive plays with runners on first	False
John Lannan ( 3 - 4 ) , 3 - 1 with a 2.17 ERA in five previous starts , gave up 12 hits and four runs in six innings . It could have been worse if not for two stellar defensive plays with runners on first and second	False
It could have been worse if not for two stellar defensive plays with runners on first and second to keep it tied . In the fourth	True
It could have been worse if not for two stellar defensive plays with runners on first and second to keep it tied . In the fourth , the speedy Reyes hit into a difficult 5 - 4 - 4 double play . And Lastings Milledge made a running basket catch of Delgado 's drive , crashing into the wall as he corralled the ball to end the fifth	True
It could have been worse if not for two stellar defensive plays with runners on first and second to keep it tied . In the fourth , the speedy Reyes hit into a difficult 5 - 4 - 4 double play . And Lastings Milledge made a running basket catch of Delgado 's drive , crashing into the wall as he corralled the ball to end the fifth . Milledge , however , made an error in the eighth	True
In the fourth , the speedy Reyes hit into a difficult 5 - 4 - 4 double play . And Lastings Milledge made a running basket catch of Delgado 's drive , crashing into the wall as he corralled the ball to end the fifth . Milledge , however , made an error in the eighth that led to Reyes ' RBI single and Church 's sacrifice fly for a 6 - 3 lead . Church , who came to New York in an offseason trade with Washington , nearly hit the big red apple just beyond the center-field fence leading off the bottom of the third	False
Church , who came to New York in an offseason trade with Washington , nearly hit the big red apple just beyond the center-field fence leading off the bottom of the third to tie it at 2 . The Mets took the early lead in the second	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Jered Weaver looked nothing like a pitcher who had a 7.02 ERA over his previous six starts . Weaver allowed one hit over seven innings , combining with two relievers on a three - hitter , and Mike Napoli hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Manager Mike Scioscia could n't have been more pleased with the right-hander 's dramatic turnaround . A. J. Pierzynski 's leadoff single in the fifth	True
Chicago starter John Danks had a hard-luck no-decision , although he had to work hard for it . Pitching against the Angels for the first time in his career , he scattered seven hits and two walks over 6 1/3 innings , struck out five and never retired the side in order . Danks departed with one out and the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Danks departed with one out and the bases loaded in the seventh after walking Gary Matthews Jr. with his 99th and final pitch . Octavio Dotel struck out Erick Aybar and Vladimir Guerrero to escape the jam . But Dotel ( 1 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff single in the eighth	True
Danks departed with one out and the bases loaded in the seventh after walking Gary Matthews Jr. with his 99th and final pitch . Octavio Dotel struck out Erick Aybar and Vladimir Guerrero to escape the jam . But Dotel ( 1 - 2 ) gave up a leadoff single in the eighth to Torii Hunter , who took third	False
Scot Shields ( 2 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win and Francisco Rodriguez got three outs for his major league-leading 16th save . The Angels stranded a runner in scoring position in four of the first five innings . Hunter grounded out with a man on third base to end the first	True
Scot Shields ( 2 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win and Francisco Rodriguez got three outs for his major league-leading 16th save . The Angels stranded a runner in scoring position in four of the first five innings . Hunter grounded out with a man on third base to end the first , Guerrero hit into a double play to end the third	True
Scot Shields ( 2 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win and Francisco Rodriguez got three outs for his major league-leading 16th save . The Angels stranded a runner in scoring position in four of the first five innings . Hunter grounded out with a man on third base to end the first , Guerrero hit into a double play to end the third , Casey Kotchman flied out to end the fourth	True
Scot Shields ( 2 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win and Francisco Rodriguez got three outs for his major league-leading 16th save . The Angels stranded a runner in scoring position in four of the first five innings . Hunter grounded out with a man on third base to end the first , Guerrero hit into a double play to end the third , Casey Kotchman flied out to end the fourth , and Aybar grounded out to end the fifth	False
The Angels stranded a runner in scoring position in four of the first five innings . Hunter grounded out with a man on third base to end the first , Guerrero hit into a double play to end the third , Casey Kotchman flied out to end the fourth , and Aybar grounded out to end the fifth . Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen flip-flopped Paul Konerko and Dye in his lineup , dropping the slumping Konerko to fifth	False
The Angels stranded a runner in scoring position in four of the first five innings . Hunter grounded out with a man on third base to end the first , Guerrero hit into a double play to end the third , Casey Kotchman flied out to end the fourth , and Aybar grounded out to end the fifth . Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen flip-flopped Paul Konerko and Dye in his lineup , dropping the slumping Konerko to fifth and putting Dye in the cleanup spot for the fourth time this season following his four - hit performance on Monday night . But they did n't get a runner past first base until Carlos Quentin doubled off the center fence with one out in the ninth	True
Litsch threw just 70 pitches while giving up two runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings , and the Twins could only scrape together one more run against relievers Jesse Carlson , Jason Frasor , Armando Benitez , Scott Downs and B. J. Ryan , who picked up his sixth save in as many tries . The Blue Jays have been as miserable offensively in May as the Twins were in April . Toronto snapped a 31 1/3-inning scoreless streak with three runs in the 10th	True
Slowey needed 107 pitches to get through his 5 2/3 innings , giving up three runs on five hits with five strikeouts . Rolen 's marathon at-bat came in the sixth	True
But Hernandez ( 6 - 1 ) rebounded after that rough start to finish six innings for another quality outing , and the Twins are now 8 - 1 when he 's on the mound . Red Sox starter Clay Buchholz ( 2 - 3 ) did n't make it out of the fifth	True
Red Sox starter Clay Buchholz ( 2 - 3 ) did n't make it out of the fifth , done in by control problems and timely hits by the Twins -- who took three games and reduced the Red Sox lead in the AL East to a half-game over Tampa Bay . That 's their smallest since May 1 . Juan Rincon pitched two hitless innings , and Jesse Crain got Ramirez to fly out to center field to end a scoreless ninth	True
Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in four runs , helping the Angels snap a four - game losing streak . The four RBIs matched Guerrero 's total in his previous 23 games . Jermaine Dye had four hits for the White Sox , who scored two runs in the eighth	True
Vladimir Guerrero homered and drove in four runs , helping the Angels snap a four - game losing streak . The four RBIs matched Guerrero 's total in his previous 23 games . Jermaine Dye had four hits for the White Sox , who scored two runs in the eighth against Chris Bootcheck and one in the ninth	False
Buehrle is 1 - 5 with a 4.76 ERA lifetime against the Angels , and is winless in his last 12 regular-season starts against them since pitching a four - hitter at Anaheim on Aug. 8 , 2001 . Trailing 4 - 2 , the Angels pulled ahead 6 - 4 in the fifth	True
Anderson 's second triple of the season came after another infield single by Robb Quinlan . Third baseman Joe Crede , who had a pair of RBI singles for Chicago , committed a two - base throwing error on Matthews ' two - out grounder in the sixth	True
It was Kansas City 's first victory over Baltimore since July 25 , 2006 . Bannister struck out five and walked two to end a personal four - game losing streak . He did not allow a runner to reach second	False
It was Kansas City 's first victory over Baltimore since July 25 , 2006 . Bannister struck out five and walked two to end a personal four - game losing streak . He did not allow a runner to reach second . Joakim Soria tossed a perfect ninth	True
`` My last couple of games my confidence was a little low . I pitched around contact a little bit and that leads to the big swings . I was able to get ahead and make pitches on my terms today . '' He held the Orioles to one hit -- a Guillermo Quiroz line drive single to right in the third -- in the first six innings and quickly erased him when Luis Hernandez grounded into a double play . The only other hit Bannister ( 4 - 4 ) allowed was a two - out Luke Scott single in the seventh	True
Brian Burres ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six - plus innings for the Orioles . The Royals led 2 - 0 after six innings . Jose Guillen singled and scored on Mark Teahen 's base hit in the second	True
Brian Burres ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six - plus innings for the Orioles . The Royals led 2 - 0 after six innings . Jose Guillen singled and scored on Mark Teahen 's base hit in the second . Guillen also doubled in Alex Gordon in the third	True
The Royals led 2 - 0 after six innings . Jose Guillen singled and scored on Mark Teahen 's base hit in the second . Guillen also doubled in Alex Gordon in the third . Burres , who has lost three consecutive starts , left after walking Gathright and allowing David DeJesus ' single with no outs in the seventh	True
Burres , who has lost three consecutive starts , left after walking Gathright and allowing David DeJesus ' single with no outs in the seventh . Gathright eventually scored when Gordon grounded into a fielder 's choice , and Billy Butler singled in DeJesus . Gathright took an extra-base hit away from Adam Jones when he made a leaping catch before crashing into the center-field fence in the second	True
Jeter hit a solo shot in the first inning off Jeremy Bonderman , ending his career-long drought of 128 at-bats without a homer to start a season . Rasner ( 2 - 0 ) departed after Magglio Ordonez 's leadoff single in the seventh	True
The right-hander was 4 - 0 with a 0.87 ERA in five outings at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre before replacing injured Phil Hughes in New York 's rotation . Hughes , Ian Kennedy ( now in the minors ) and Kei Igawa are winless for the Yankees this year , so Rasner has provided an important boost . Three relievers finished , with Joba Chamberlain pitching the eighth	True
The right-hander was 4 - 0 with a 0.87 ERA in five outings at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre before replacing injured Phil Hughes in New York 's rotation . Hughes , Ian Kennedy ( now in the minors ) and Kei Igawa are winless for the Yankees this year , so Rasner has provided an important boost . Three relievers finished , with Joba Chamberlain pitching the eighth and Mariano Rivera the ninth	False
Unfortunately for the Tigers , that was about all they could muster against Rasner . The Yankees increased the lead to two on Wilson Betemit 's RBI double in the fourth	True
Unfortunately for the Tigers , that was about all they could muster against Rasner . The Yankees increased the lead to two on Wilson Betemit 's RBI double in the fourth , then made it 5 - 1 with two in the fifth	False
Jeter led off with a single and scored on Abreu 's double . Hideki Matsui popped out , but Jason Giambi hit an RBI double to give New York a four - run edge . After Ordonez chased Rasner to start the Detroit seventh	True
After Ordonez chased Rasner to start the Detroit seventh , Miguel Cabrera singled off Kyle Farnsworth and Gary Sheffield hit a run-scoring double . Edgar Renteria lined to second	False
After Ordonez chased Rasner to start the Detroit seventh , Miguel Cabrera singled off Kyle Farnsworth and Gary Sheffield hit a run-scoring double . Edgar Renteria lined to second for the first	False
Garrett Atkins and Brad Hawpe hit consecutive bases-loaded singles off Peavy in the sixth inning Friday night and the Colorado Rockies won 4 - 2 to send the Padres to their 18th loss in 22 games . Peavy even accounted for half of San Diego 's offense , scoring the Padres ' first run after hitting a double in the third	True
The game was delayed 4 minutes in the third inning after a woman sitting in the field level behind first base was hit on the chin by a foul ball by Colorado 's Willy Taveras . The unidentified woman held a towel against her face as she was helped out . The woman was seen by a doctor at the first aid office at Petco Park , then taken to a hospital for stitches . Cook ( 6 - 1 ) held San Diego to one run and three hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . Taylor Buchholz pitched a perfect eighth	True
The game was delayed 4 minutes in the third inning after a woman sitting in the field level behind first base was hit on the chin by a foul ball by Colorado 's Willy Taveras . The unidentified woman held a towel against her face as she was helped out . The woman was seen by a doctor at the first aid office at Petco Park , then taken to a hospital for stitches . Cook ( 6 - 1 ) held San Diego to one run and three hits in seven innings . He walked four and struck out one . Taylor Buchholz pitched a perfect eighth and Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff homered to left off Fuentes with one out . The Rockies scored three runs off Peavy ( 4 - 2 ) in the sixth	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff homered to left off Fuentes with one out . The Rockies scored three runs off Peavy ( 4 - 2 ) in the sixth , on three singles and two walks . Taveras beat out a leadoff infield single and took second	False
Kevin Kouzmanoff homered to left off Fuentes with one out . The Rockies scored three runs off Peavy ( 4 - 2 ) in the sixth , on three singles and two walks . Taveras beat out a leadoff infield single and took second on Peavy 's errant throw to first	False
Kevin Kouzmanoff homered to left off Fuentes with one out . The Rockies scored three runs off Peavy ( 4 - 2 ) in the sixth , on three singles and two walks . Taveras beat out a leadoff infield single and took second on Peavy 's errant throw to first . After Omar Quintanilla sacrificed Taveras to third	False
The Rockies scored three runs off Peavy ( 4 - 2 ) in the sixth , on three singles and two walks . Taveras beat out a leadoff infield single and took second on Peavy 's errant throw to first . After Omar Quintanilla sacrificed Taveras to third , Peavy walked Holliday and Todd Helton to load the bases . Atkins hit a flare past second baseman Tadahito Iguchi to score Taveras , and Hawpe 's grounder between first	False
Atkins hit a flare past second baseman Tadahito Iguchi to score Taveras , and Hawpe 's grounder between first and second brought in Holliday and Helton . Cook walked the first two Padres ' batters in the sixth	True
Cook walked the first two Padres ' batters in the sixth but then got Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play and retired Jody Gerut . Holliday homered off lefty Glendon Rusch leading off the eighth	True
Cook walked the first two Padres ' batters in the sixth but then got Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play and retired Jody Gerut . Holliday homered off lefty Glendon Rusch leading off the eighth , his sixth	False
Peavy allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . Peavy scored San Diego 's only run . He was credited with a ground-rule double leading off the third	True
Detroit won for just the second time in eight games since sweeping the Yankees in a three - game series in New York . It was the Tigers ' first sweep of at least three games at Yankee Stadium since 1966 . Ivan Rodriguez had three hits and drove in a pair of runs and the Yankees scored three off Todd Jones in the ninth	True
In the third inning , Rodriguez drove in a run with an infield double , and Magglio Ordonez and Gary Sheffield also had run-scoring hits to give Detroit a 4 - 1 lead . The Tigers scored two more in the fourth	True
The Tigers scored two more in the fourth , on left-fielder Hideki Matsui 's error and Placido Polanco 's RBI single . Jason Giambi homered in the second	True
Jason Giambi homered in the second , giving him 184 with the Yankees , passing Tommy Henrich and tying Charlie Keller for 16th place in team history . New York scored in the ninth	True
Not only did he lose a league-high 18 games last year , Cabrera also led the league in runs allowed and walks while compiling a 5.55 ERA and hitting 15 batters . He did n't feel like comparing this game to his 7 - 1 complete-game victory over the Yankees on Sept. 28 , 2006 , which until now has stood for his signature start . Freddie Bynum , who was activated off the disabled list on Thursday and handed Baltimore 's starting shortstop job , singled off Luke Hochevar in the third	True
Freddie Bynum , who was activated off the disabled list on Thursday and handed Baltimore 's starting shortstop job , singled off Luke Hochevar in the third and after Melvin Mora walked , Markakis hit a 407-foot home run to center . Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) also gave up a run in the first	True
Freddie Bynum , who was activated off the disabled list on Thursday and handed Baltimore 's starting shortstop job , singled off Luke Hochevar in the third and after Melvin Mora walked , Markakis hit a 407-foot home run to center . Hochevar ( 2 - 2 ) also gave up a run in the first when Markakis walked , went to third	False
Hochevar gave up five hits and four runs in seven innings , walking two and striking out five in his fourth start since being called up on April 20 . Bynum did well in his first chance to grab the shortstop job . He was 2 - for - 4 and handled eight chances flawlessly , even coming in on a slow roller and making a quick off-balance throw to nip a speedy runner in the fifth	True
John Maine ended that drought and his teammates made it easy for him with their second-best offensive output of the season . Maine took a shutout into the ninth	True
Penny has always had problems against the Mets in New York . He is 1 - 9 with a 6.54 ERA in 11 starts at Shea Stadium . But he lost for the first time in four career decisions against the Mets at Los Angeles . The Mets blew it open with a six - run fifth	True
The Mets blew it open with a six - run fifth that equaled a season high . Maine singled with the bases loaded to make it 7 - 0 , and Penny departed after walking Jose Reyes . Proctor walked Castillo , forcing in another run , and Wright -- in a 1 - for - 20 funk -- hit a two - run double . Castillo scored on Proctor 's wild pitch . Angel Pagan , starting in left field while 41-year-old Moises Alou got the day off , turned in the defensive play of the game in the first	True
Angel Pagan , starting in left field while 41-year-old Moises Alou got the day off , turned in the defensive play of the game in the first when he somersaulted into the first row of the box seats and held onto Andre Ethier 's foul fly . Pagan remained on the hard cement for a few anxious moments but returned to his position , rubbing his left shoulder and flashing a huge grin as the crowd of 40,696 applauded his effort . He left in the third	True
Angel Pagan , starting in left field while 41-year-old Moises Alou got the day off , turned in the defensive play of the game in the first when he somersaulted into the first row of the box seats and held onto Andre Ethier 's foul fly . Pagan remained on the hard cement for a few anxious moments but returned to his position , rubbing his left shoulder and flashing a huge grin as the crowd of 40,696 applauded his effort . He left in the third with tightness in the shoulder after sliding headfirst into second	False
Ojeda drove in a career-high six runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 10 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Saturday . Starting in place of injured second baseman Orlando Hudson , Ojeda entered with two RBIs . He hit a two - run single in the second	True
Ojeda drove in a career-high six runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 10 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Saturday . Starting in place of injured second baseman Orlando Hudson , Ojeda entered with two RBIs . He hit a two - run single in the second , a two - run double in the fifth	True
Ojeda drove in a career-high six runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 10 - 4 victory over the New York Mets on Saturday . Starting in place of injured second baseman Orlando Hudson , Ojeda entered with two RBIs . He hit a two - run single in the second , a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run double in the eighth	False
On the day he was selected NL pitcher of the month for April , Webb went six innings , allowing a season-high four runs . He gave up five hits , walked two and struck out three . Webb was sailing along with a 5 - 1 lead when Ryan Church singled and Carlos Beltran walked in the sixth	True
Webb had fared poorly against the Mets , with a 2 - 6 lifetime record , and he quickly fell behind on Saturday . Beltran led off the second	True
Webb had fared poorly against the Mets , with a 2 - 6 lifetime record , and he quickly fell behind on Saturday . Beltran led off the second with a single and took second	False
Webb doused the rally in typical fashion , getting the speedy Endy Chavez to bounce into a 6 - 4 - 4 double play . The Diamondbacks answered quickly against Mike Pelfrey ( 2 - 2 ) , who opened the second	True
The Diamondbacks answered quickly against Mike Pelfrey ( 2 - 2 ) , who opened the second by walking Conor Jackson and Justin Upton . After the runners moved up on a groundout , Ojeda hit a two - run single off first baseman Delgado 's glove . Ojeda doubled into the right-field corner in the fifth	True
Uggla 's second homer , a three - run shot off Justin Germano that traveled over the left-field scoreboard , was followed by a homer by Luis Gonzalez . It was the third time the Marlins hit back-to-back home runs this season . With Josh Willingham on the 15-day disabled list due to a lower back strain , Hanley Ramirez moved to the third spot in the batting order and Uggla dropped to sixth	False
With Josh Willingham on the 15-day disabled list due to a lower back strain , Hanley Ramirez moved to the third spot in the batting order and Uggla dropped to sixth . Gonzalez took Willingham 's spot in left field . Ramirez went 1 - for - 4 , reaching base safely for the 47th straight game at home . Uggla also made a great defensive play to end the game , diving for a two - out grounder by Tony Clark and barely getting him at first	False
Hendrickson [ 5 - 1 ] allowed three runs and five hits for the Marlins , who ended a three - game losing streak . Khalil Greene hit a two - run drive off Hendrickson in the seventh	True
San Diego has lost 13 of 16 and four of its last five games . Taylor Tankersley pitched a scoreless eighth	True
San Diego has lost 13 of 16 and four of its last five games . Taylor Tankersley pitched a scoreless eighth and Kevin Gregg allowed a run in the ninth	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff tied his career high with four hits for San Diego . He drove in a run and scored . Jeremy Hermida had an RBI single in the first	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff tied his career high with four hits for San Diego . He drove in a run and scored . Jeremy Hermida had an RBI single in the first and Uggla went deep in the second	True
Jeremy Hermida had an RBI single in the first and Uggla went deep in the second to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . San Diego cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Jeremy Hermida had an RBI single in the first and Uggla went deep in the second to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . San Diego cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth . Brian Giles led off with a single , advanced to third	False
Ryan Doumit and Chris Gomez had two RBIs apiece for the Pirates . The game was delayed 25 minutes in the bottom of the fourth	True
Damaso Marte ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two hitless innings , and the Pirates bullpen gave up one hit in five innings . Pittsburgh took a 6 - 0 lead in the third	True
Lannan ( 2 - 3 ) left after allowing six runs -- five earned -- on six hits and two walks in three innings . Lopez hit an RBI double in the third	True
Lopez hit an RBI double in the third , but Doumit 's run-scoring single in the fourth made it 7 - 1 . Pirates starter Phil Dumatrait retired the first eight hitters , but struggled after the lighting malfunction , which followed Ryan Zimmerman 's leadoff infield single in the fourth	True
Dumatrait went four innings , giving up four runs on six hits , walking one and striking out four . Gomez added a two - run single in the seventh	True
Dumatrait went four innings , giving up four runs on six hits , walking one and striking out four . Gomez added a two - run single in the seventh , making it 10 - 4 . Bay had an RBI double in the eighth	False
Hudson pitched his 11th career shutout and Brian McCann hit a two - run homer , helping Atlanta end a season-high four - game losing streak with a 2 - 0 victory over Cincinnati on Friday night . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up just three hits , and at one point retired 11 straight batters before Edwin Encarnacion singled leading off the eighth	True
Hudson pitched his 11th career shutout and Brian McCann hit a two - run homer , helping Atlanta end a season-high four - game losing streak with a 2 - 0 victory over Cincinnati on Friday night . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up just three hits , and at one point retired 11 straight batters before Edwin Encarnacion singled leading off the eighth . Encarnacion went to second	False
Hudson pitched his 11th career shutout and Brian McCann hit a two - run homer , helping Atlanta end a season-high four - game losing streak with a 2 - 0 victory over Cincinnati on Friday night . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up just three hits , and at one point retired 11 straight batters before Edwin Encarnacion singled leading off the eighth . Encarnacion went to second on Yunel Escobar 's throwing error , the first Cincinnati batter to get past first	False
Hudson pitched his 11th career shutout and Brian McCann hit a two - run homer , helping Atlanta end a season-high four - game losing streak with a 2 - 0 victory over Cincinnati on Friday night . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) gave up just three hits , and at one point retired 11 straight batters before Edwin Encarnacion singled leading off the eighth . Encarnacion went to second on Yunel Escobar 's throwing error , the first Cincinnati batter to get past first , but was eventually stranded at third	False
Tom Glavine made his first trip to the DL with a strained right hamstring before returning on Tuesday , and Mike Hampton said Friday that his strained pectoral muscle could keep him out indefinitely . Hudson did n't have a strikeout after the sixth	True
Tom Glavine made his first trip to the DL with a strained right hamstring before returning on Tuesday , and Mike Hampton said Friday that his strained pectoral muscle could keep him out indefinitely . Hudson did n't have a strikeout after the sixth , but finished with a season-high 10 . He retired Corey Patterson , Jeff Keppinger and Ken Griffey Jr. on fly balls in the ninth	True
This time , though , Hudson was able to locate his change up and pick his spots . Hudson 's last shutout was last Sept. 16 at Washington . His complete game , the first	False
Hudson 's last shutout was last Sept. 16 at Washington . His complete game , the first for Atlanta 's staff this season , gave him 22 in his career and six in four years with the Braves . McCann 's sixth homer of the season came in the fourth	True
Volquez , making his first appearance against the Braves , allowed five hits and two runs -- one earned -- in six innings . The right-hander raised his National League-best ERA four points to 1.27 while striking out nine and walking two . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the seventh	True
Volquez , making his first appearance against the Braves , allowed five hits and two runs -- one earned -- in six innings . The right-hander raised his National League-best ERA four points to 1.27 while striking out nine and walking two . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the seventh and Bill Bray the eighth	False
Howard hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the eighth inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies over the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Thursday night . Howard connected off Joe Thatcher ( 0 - 3 ) leading off the eighth	True
Howard started slow last year but finished with 47 homers and 136 RBIs . Tom Gordon ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Howard started slow last year but finished with 47 homers and 136 RBIs . Tom Gordon ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Brad Lidge retired the side in the ninth	True
Tom Gordon ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Brad Lidge retired the side in the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Lidge has n't allowed an earned run in 12 innings this season . Phillies starter Adam Eaton and four relievers held the Padres hitless after Kevin Kouzmanoff 's two - out single in the third	True
The defending NL East champion Phillies ( 16 - 13 ) are alone atop the division standings for the first time this season . It took them until the final weekend to reach first place last year . They 've done it with reigning NL MVP Jimmy Rollins out of the lineup since April 8 because of an ankle injury . Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run homer to give the Padres a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run homer to give the Padres a 2 - 0 lead in the first for the second straight game . The Phillies scored a pair of runs on three doubles to tie it at 2 in the third	True
Wolf gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out nine in his first start against his former team . Wolf spent eight seasons with the Phillies from 1999 to 2006 . He nearly got an extra-base hit his first time up , but Werth made a leaping catch on the warning track in right field . Starting his first game since returning from the disabled list on Tuesday , Victorino made a few nice grabs in center field . He ran a long way to track down Tadahito Iguchi 's drive leading off the eighth	True
Magglio Ordonez had three hits -- including a two - run double off Ian Kennedy -- and scored twice for the Tigers , who got a strong effort from their bullpen and won for the eighth time in 10 games . Bobby Abreu hit a three - run homer in the first inning , but failed to come through with the bases loaded in the sixth	True
Bobby Abreu hit a three - run homer in the first inning , but failed to come through with the bases loaded in the sixth . The banged-up Yankees , who have lost six of eight , got more bad news before the game when they learned pitcher Phil Hughes is expected to be out until at least July with a stress fracture in one of his ribs . With Alex Rodriguez and Jorge Posada also injured , Shelley Duncan batted cleanup for New York and hit an RBI single that tied it at 4 in the fifth	True
With two on and two outs , Santiago ranged to his left for Melky Cabrera 's grounder and made a difficult flip to second base for the inning-ending forceout . Carlos Guillen singled leading off the sixth	True
Carlos Guillen singled leading off the sixth , Jacque Jones doubled and Santiago put Detroit ahead 6 - 4 with a two - run triple to right-center off Jonathan Albaladejo ( 0 - 1 ) . Batting ninth	False
Batting ninth , Santiago filled in admirably for shortstop Edgar Renteria , rested by Leyland after starting the first 28 games this year . A steady drizzle fell through the middle innings , and Robertson tumbled headlong to the turf while breaking to cover first base on Robinson Cano 's groundout to the right side in the sixth	True
New York chased Robertson later in the inning and loaded the bases with two outs , but Zach Miner retired Abreu on a fly to center with a 3 - 1 pitch . Ordonez singled in the seventh	True
The fifth game-ending homer of Griffey 's career decided a matchup of the NL Central 's bottom two teams . It also suggested he 's far from over-the-hill , regardless of what the manager 's son thinks . Griffey connected off Matt Capps ( 1 - 3 ) , who started the ninth	True
The fifth game-ending homer of Griffey 's career decided a matchup of the NL Central 's bottom two teams . It also suggested he 's far from over-the-hill , regardless of what the manager 's son thinks . Griffey connected off Matt Capps ( 1 - 3 ) , who started the ninth with a 3 - 2 lead and gave it away in only six pitches . David Ross opened with a double to deep center that brought up Griffey , who got into the game as a defensive replacement in the ninth	True
Darren Baker 's answer : `` You ca n't hit lefties , and you 're old ! '' Griffey laughed . He also got the last laugh by connecting on Capps ' changeup for his third homer off a left-hander this season . Griffey was batting only .200 against lefties , one of the reasons he sat until the ninth	True
Capps , a right-hander , finished June in a fitting way . The closer converted his first 15 save chances before blowing one on June 10 . He has now blown four of his last six chances . Francisco Cordero ( 3 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded threat in the ninth	True
Francisco Cordero ( 3 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded threat in the ninth , helping the Reds move a percentage point ahead of the Pirates . Adam LaRoche hit a sacrifice fly and a two - run homer off Aaron Harang , allowing the Pirates to take a 3 - 2 lead into the ninth	True
Francisco Cordero ( 3 - 1 ) escaped a bases-loaded threat in the ninth , helping the Reds move a percentage point ahead of the Pirates . Adam LaRoche hit a sacrifice fly and a two - run homer off Aaron Harang , allowing the Pirates to take a 3 - 2 lead into the ninth . LaRoche hit the sacrifice fly in the second	True
With little at stake in the standings , the Pirates used the series opener to experiment with the batting order . For the first time since 1957 , their starting pitcher batted somewhere other than last . Maholm moved up to eighth	False
With little at stake in the standings , the Pirates used the series opener to experiment with the batting order . For the first time since 1957 , their starting pitcher batted somewhere other than last . Maholm moved up to eighth and shortstop Jack Wilson batted ninth	False
With little at stake in the standings , the Pirates used the series opener to experiment with the batting order . For the first time since 1957 , their starting pitcher batted somewhere other than last . Maholm moved up to eighth and shortstop Jack Wilson batted ninth , making the Pirates the third NL Central team to try the unorthodox move this season . St. Louis and Milwaukee also have batted their pitchers eighth	False
Mark Mulder got the last three outs , making the first relief appearance of his career in his season debut . He missed most of the previous two seasons with a shoulder injury . Throwing from a lower arm angle after problems cut short one rehab assignment earlier in the year , he allowed two hits with a strikeout . Lohse allowed five hits against a lineup loaded with hitters with big career numbers against him , striking out four and walking two . Carlos Beltran , 15 - for - 29 with four homers and 11 RBIs entering the game , had a single and walk . Carlos Delgado ( 7 - for - 13 with three homers ) was 0 - for - 2 with a hit by pitch and a rare double-play ball in the sixth	True
The winning streak matches his career best from July 25 , 2007 , to May 3 , 2008 , and he 's 4 - 0 with a 1.00 ERA in four starts against NL East teams . Duncan homered just inside the right-field foul pole and over the fence off Carlos Muniz for a 7 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Duncan homered just inside the right-field foul pole and over the fence off Carlos Muniz for a 7 - 1 lead in the fifth . Skip Schumaker 's routine two - out grounder trickled between second baseman Luis Castillo 's legs to allow a run in the second	True
Duncan homered just inside the right-field foul pole and over the fence off Carlos Muniz for a 7 - 1 lead in the fifth . Skip Schumaker 's routine two - out grounder trickled between second baseman Luis Castillo 's legs to allow a run in the second . Third baseman Wright 's wild throw to first	False
Duncan homered just inside the right-field foul pole and over the fence off Carlos Muniz for a 7 - 1 lead in the fifth . Skip Schumaker 's routine two - out grounder trickled between second baseman Luis Castillo 's legs to allow a run in the second . Third baseman Wright 's wild throw to first on Miles ' infield hit in the fourth	True
Sardinha hit a two - run triple to rally the Tigers to a 4 - 3 win over the woeful Colorado Rockies on Sunday , giving Detroit a three - game sweep and a winning record for the first time this season . Detroit , which won its fifth straight and 15th	False
Troy Tulowitzki homered for Colorado , which lost its seventh straight . Kenny Rogers ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Freddy Dolsi pitched two perfect innings and Todd Jones bounced back from his first blown save of the season on Saturday night for a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Kenny Rogers ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Freddy Dolsi pitched two perfect innings and Todd Jones bounced back from his first blown save of the season on Saturday night for a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth and his 15th save in 16 chances . Detroit pitchers retired the final 17 Rockies batters in a row , beginning when Todd Helton hit into a first-to-short-to-pitcher double play with runners on first	False
Kenny Rogers ( 6 - 5 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Freddy Dolsi pitched two perfect innings and Todd Jones bounced back from his first blown save of the season on Saturday night for a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth and his 15th save in 16 chances . Detroit pitchers retired the final 17 Rockies batters in a row , beginning when Todd Helton hit into a first-to-short-to-pitcher double play with runners on first and second	False
Detroit pitchers retired the final 17 Rockies batters in a row , beginning when Todd Helton hit into a first-to-short-to-pitcher double play with runners on first and second to end the fourth inning . Even before that , the Rockies found ways to squelch their own momentum . They loaded the bases with none out in the third	True
Detroit pitchers retired the final 17 Rockies batters in a row , beginning when Todd Helton hit into a first-to-short-to-pitcher double play with runners on first and second to end the fourth inning . Even before that , the Rockies found ways to squelch their own momentum . They loaded the bases with none out in the third , but Jeff Baker popped out to second	False
Greg Reynolds ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Reynolds left the game leading 3 - 2 after Renteria 's infield single put runners on first	False
Greg Reynolds ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Reynolds left the game leading 3 - 2 after Renteria 's infield single put runners on first and third	False
Greg Reynolds ( 2 - 6 ) allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Reynolds left the game leading 3 - 2 after Renteria 's infield single put runners on first and third with two out in the sixth	True
Detroit took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on RBI singles by Miguel Cabrera and Thames . Colorado took the lead in the second	True
Detroit took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on RBI singles by Miguel Cabrera and Thames . Colorado took the lead in the second when Yorvit Torrealba 's hit a run-scoring single and Tulowitzki followed with a two - run homer on Rogers ' 0 - 2 pitch . The drive , over the left-field fence , was Tulowitzki 's second	False
Davis , who was called up from the minors Thursday , became the first Rangers player to homer in each of his first two starts , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . He hit a two - run shot in his first start Friday against Philadelphia . Rangers catcher Max Ramirez , another rookie who made an impact with the game-winning homer against Houston on Wednesday , threw out Shane Victorino trying to steal second	False
Davis , who was called up from the minors Thursday , became the first Rangers player to homer in each of his first two starts , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . He hit a two - run shot in his first start Friday against Philadelphia . Rangers catcher Max Ramirez , another rookie who made an impact with the game-winning homer against Houston on Wednesday , threw out Shane Victorino trying to steal second in the first	True
Philadelphia starter Jamie Moyer ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs in 5 2/3 innings . The 45-year-old lefty struck out six and walked four in a matchup against an opposing starting pitcher who was about half his age . Hurley allowed three hits and took a shutout into the sixth	True
The Rangers scored single runs in each of the first three innings off Moyer . Kinsler tripled to right in the first	True
Kinsler tripled to right in the first and came home on Michael Young 's groundout . Kinsler is 21 - of - 49 during his 12-game hitting steak . Davis homered in the second	True
Kinsler tripled to right in the first and came home on Michael Young 's groundout . Kinsler is 21 - of - 49 during his 12-game hitting steak . Davis homered in the second , and Josh Hamilton had an RBI single in the third	False
Davis homered in the second , and Josh Hamilton had an RBI single in the third to put Texas ahead 3 - 0 . Texas tacked on two runs in the eighth	True
Bill Hall had a two - run double and Ryan Braun and Corey Hart also had RBIs for the Brewers , who have won nine of 12 . Jason Kubel hit a home run with two outs in the ninth	True
Jason Kendall has had the best view of Parra 's growth . David Riske pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth inning for Milwaukee and Mitch Stetter allowed Kubel 's home run in the ninth	True
A double by Hart scored one run , and after an intentional walk to Russell Branyan loaded the bases , Hall hit a first-pitch double of the right-field baggie to score two more . Hernandez was visited by pitching coach Rick Anderson before walking Branyan . With former starter Boof Bonser warming up in the bullpen , Hernandez got Mike Cameron and Kendall to fly out with runners on second	False
A double by Hart scored one run , and after an intentional walk to Russell Branyan loaded the bases , Hall hit a first-pitch double of the right-field baggie to score two more . Hernandez was visited by pitching coach Rick Anderson before walking Branyan . With former starter Boof Bonser warming up in the bullpen , Hernandez got Mike Cameron and Kendall to fly out with runners on second and third	False
Hernandez was visited by pitching coach Rick Anderson before walking Branyan . With former starter Boof Bonser warming up in the bullpen , Hernandez got Mike Cameron and Kendall to fly out with runners on second and third . Hernandez set down 14 of the next 16 Brewers . Amid chants of `` Let 's Go Brewers '' from the thousands of fans making the trip across state lines , Braun had an RBI single in the first	True
Hernandez was visited by pitching coach Rick Anderson before walking Branyan . With former starter Boof Bonser warming up in the bullpen , Hernandez got Mike Cameron and Kendall to fly out with runners on second and third . Hernandez set down 14 of the next 16 Brewers . Amid chants of `` Let 's Go Brewers '' from the thousands of fans making the trip across state lines , Braun had an RBI single in the first and Cameron scored on a ground out in the second	True
Kenny Rogers ( 5 - 5 ) was roughed up for five runs in 5 1/3 innings , giving up one more earned run than he had in his previous five starts . St. Louis , which had lost four of six , broke the game open with three runs in both the sixth	True
Kenny Rogers ( 5 - 5 ) was roughed up for five runs in 5 1/3 innings , giving up one more earned run than he had in his previous five starts . St. Louis , which had lost four of six , broke the game open with three runs in both the sixth and seventh innings to go ahead 8 - 2 after Barton tied the game with a solo homer in the fifth	True
St. Louis , which had lost four of six , broke the game open with three runs in both the sixth and seventh innings to go ahead 8 - 2 after Barton tied the game with a solo homer in the fifth . Schumaker , pinch-hitting for Barton in the sixth	True
St. Louis , which had lost four of six , broke the game open with three runs in both the sixth and seventh innings to go ahead 8 - 2 after Barton tied the game with a solo homer in the fifth . Schumaker , pinch-hitting for Barton in the sixth , hit a two - run single and Ryan padded the lead with a two - run double in the seventh	True
BOSTON ( AP ) -- What the Boston Red Sox could n't get done with doubles they did with the long ball . After leading off the 10th	True
BOSTON ( AP ) -- What the Boston Red Sox could n't get done with doubles they did with the long ball . After leading off the 10th , 11th	True
The Red Sox avoided being swept in a series at home for the first time since losing two contests to the Blue Jays last April . The Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 13th	True
The Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 13th off Javier Lopez ( 2 - 0 ) , but Chris Duncan was thrown out at home plate by Red Sox right fielder J. D. Drew trying to score on Adam Kennedy 's base hit . The Red Sox had opportunities in the 10th	True
The Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 13th off Javier Lopez ( 2 - 0 ) , but Chris Duncan was thrown out at home plate by Red Sox right fielder J. D. Drew trying to score on Adam Kennedy 's base hit . The Red Sox had opportunities in the 10th and 11th innings to win the game , but came up empty on both occasions . In the 10th	True
The Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 13th off Javier Lopez ( 2 - 0 ) , but Chris Duncan was thrown out at home plate by Red Sox right fielder J. D. Drew trying to score on Adam Kennedy 's base hit . The Red Sox had opportunities in the 10th and 11th innings to win the game , but came up empty on both occasions . In the 10th , with Jacoby Ellsbury on third	False
The Cardinals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 13th off Javier Lopez ( 2 - 0 ) , but Chris Duncan was thrown out at home plate by Red Sox right fielder J. D. Drew trying to score on Adam Kennedy 's base hit . The Red Sox had opportunities in the 10th and 11th innings to win the game , but came up empty on both occasions . In the 10th , with Jacoby Ellsbury on third and one out , Kyle McClellan struck out Drew and got Sean Casey to pop out . In the 11th	True
The Red Sox had opportunities in the 10th and 11th innings to win the game , but came up empty on both occasions . In the 10th , with Jacoby Ellsbury on third and one out , Kyle McClellan struck out Drew and got Sean Casey to pop out . In the 11th , the Red Sox loaded the bases with one out against Jason Isringhausen , who struck out Alex Cora and Ellsbury to retire the side . The Cardinals also had chances in the extra frames , loading the bases with three hits off Hideki Okajima in the 11th	True
The Cardinals also had chances in the extra frames , loading the bases with three hits off Hideki Okajima in the 11th . But Craig Hansen struck out Ryan Ludwick to end the threat . After the Red Sox scored twice in the eighth	True
The Cardinals also had chances in the extra frames , loading the bases with three hits off Hideki Okajima in the 11th . But Craig Hansen struck out Ryan Ludwick to end the threat . After the Red Sox scored twice in the eighth to take a 3 - 2 lead , the Cardinals tied the game in the ninth	False
A 1 - for - 26 start as a member of the Washington Nationals shadowed Dukes for weeks until he slowly began to justify the faith the team has placed in him . His 5 - for - 6 performance Friday night -- including the tying home run in eighth inning and the winning RBI in the 14th -- was a suitable exclamation point in a 4 - 3 marathon victory over the Rangers . Dukes ' five hits were a career-high , and he also had two stolen bases , two runs and two RBIs . Considering his numerous off-the-field troubles before joining the Nationals -- not to mention a recent shouting match in the dugout with manager Manny Acta -- he had to come a long way to earn the celebratory mob scene around him after his single off Jamey Wright ( 4 - 3 ) found a hole on the left side of the infield to score Felipe Lopez from third	False
While the 1971 finale ended early , this one ran late , the longest so far in the brief history of Nationals Park . Fans were treated to a 14th-inning stretch and a bonus edition of the Presidents ' Race , the goofy promotion that features four versions of the chief executives on Mount Rushmore racing each other with oversized heads . A post-game fireworks show was canceled for fear it would bother the neighbors at such a late hour . Wright , the fifth Texas pitcher , began the 14th	True
Joel Hanrahan ( 3 - 2 ) , the sixth Washington pitcher , threw two innings . Nationals pitchers allowed only one hit over the final 10 2/3 innings . The Rangers took the early lead with a three - run second inning in which one silly mistake topped another . Marlon Byrd stopped running between third	False
The play should have bailed the Nationals out of the inning . With two outs and no runs in , Redding intentionally walked No . 8 hitter Ramon Vazquez so he could face Millwood , who has n't had a hit since 2004 . But Redding walked Millwood to load the bases , setting up Ian Kinsler 's bases-clearing double off the right field wall . Millwood hit a wild spell in the third	True
The play should have bailed the Nationals out of the inning . With two outs and no runs in , Redding intentionally walked No . 8 hitter Ramon Vazquez so he could face Millwood , who has n't had a hit since 2004 . But Redding walked Millwood to load the bases , setting up Ian Kinsler 's bases-clearing double off the right field wall . Millwood hit a wild spell in the third , walking back-to-back batters with two outs before allowing Jesus Flores ' two - run single . The Nationals were on the board , but the play included another mental mistake : Young , who had been on first	False
The play should have bailed the Nationals out of the inning . With two outs and no runs in , Redding intentionally walked No . 8 hitter Ramon Vazquez so he could face Millwood , who has n't had a hit since 2004 . But Redding walked Millwood to load the bases , setting up Ian Kinsler 's bases-clearing double off the right field wall . Millwood hit a wild spell in the third , walking back-to-back batters with two outs before allowing Jesus Flores ' two - run single . The Nationals were on the board , but the play included another mental mistake : Young , who had been on first , strayed too far after rounding second	False
Millwood hit a wild spell in the third , walking back-to-back batters with two outs before allowing Jesus Flores ' two - run single . The Nationals were on the board , but the play included another mental mistake : Young , who had been on first , strayed too far after rounding second and was tagged without making much of an effort to get back . The score remained 3 - 2 until Dukes tied the game with a leadoff homer in the bottom of the eighth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit a two - run triple and reached base all four times he batted , Glen Perkins won for the first time in five starts and the Twins beat the Nationals 9 - 3 . The Twins did n't hit any homers , but five of their 12 hits were for extra bases . They turned 0 - 2 counts into hits four times against Nats starter Shawn Hill and had three hits with men at second	False
Michael Cuddyer hit a two - run triple and reached base all four times he batted , Glen Perkins won for the first time in five starts and the Twins beat the Nationals 9 - 3 . The Twins did n't hit any homers , but five of their 12 hits were for extra bases . They turned 0 - 2 counts into hits four times against Nats starter Shawn Hill and had three hits with men at second or third	False
Five guys had two hits , including Cuddyer , Joe Mauer , Jason Kubel and Brian Buscher -- probably the four players who are currently swinging the best . Perkins ( 3 - 2 ) deserved credit , too . He gave up 10 hits in a career-high eight innings , but nine of them were singles . Dmitri Young hit a leadoff homer in the eighth	True
Perkins ( 3 - 2 ) deserved credit , too . He gave up 10 hits in a career-high eight innings , but nine of them were singles . Dmitri Young hit a leadoff homer in the eighth , a no-doubt drive to left that soared over the head of his younger brother , Delmon , and stopped a span for Perkins of eight outs in nine at-bats . The only other bump came in the third	True
Hill ( 1 - 4 ) failed to finish the fourth inning , allowed 10 hits and left trailing 7 - 2 . He walked three , all in the span of the first five batters . Cuddyer started the second inning with ball four , and he quickly scored on Kubel 's triple for the game 's first run . Meanwhile , Dukes added to the list of Nationals fielding flubs in this sloppy series . Kubel 's drive was n't catchable , but Dukes took an awkward angle of pursuit that allowed the ball to carom past him as he stumbled for a second	False
Kubel 's drive was n't catchable , but Dukes took an awkward angle of pursuit that allowed the ball to carom past him as he stumbled for a second on the right-field corner of the warning track . Then with the game tied at 2 in the third	True
Kubel 's drive was n't catchable , but Dukes took an awkward angle of pursuit that allowed the ball to carom past him as he stumbled for a second on the right-field corner of the warning track . Then with the game tied at 2 in the third , Cuddyer hit a double to left field that Wily Mo Pena bobbled with his bare hand when he stooped to grab it while Mauer raced from first base to home . Pena 's error was the fifth	False
The backup catcher hit his first home run in two years to back Mark Buehrle 's strong outing and power the Chicago White Sox to an 8 - 2 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night . Buehrle lost a no-hit bid in the sixth	True
Buehrle lost a no-hit bid in the sixth when Jose Bautista homered on the first pitch . Carlos Quentin slugged his 17th homer , Brian Anderson added his third	False
Carlos Quentin slugged his 17th homer , Brian Anderson added his third and Nick Swisher hit a two - run double in the easy victory , a day after the White Sox 's 16 - 5 win over the visiting Pirates , who ca n't seem to win on either side of the Windy City . Hall was injured for most of last season -- his first	False
Carlos Quentin slugged his 17th homer , Brian Anderson added his third and Nick Swisher hit a two - run double in the easy victory , a day after the White Sox 's 16 - 5 win over the visiting Pirates , who ca n't seem to win on either side of the Windy City . Hall was injured for most of last season -- his first with the team -- and has just 57 at-bats this year . The right-handed hitter was starting against left-hander Tom Gorzelanny and belted a shot into the bullpen in left to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
With Konerko on the shelf with a strained left oblique , the White Sox won their second straight and improved to 6 - 2 in interleague play and 23 - 11 at home . The Pirates lost for the seventh time in eight games this season in Chicago , and have dropped four of their last five overall . Quentin homered in the fifth	True
With Konerko on the shelf with a strained left oblique , the White Sox won their second straight and improved to 6 - 2 in interleague play and 23 - 11 at home . The Pirates lost for the seventh time in eight games this season in Chicago , and have dropped four of their last five overall . Quentin homered in the fifth to end a 1 - for - 18 slump and Anderson hit one to left in the sixth	False
Quentin homered in the fifth to end a 1 - for - 18 slump and Anderson hit one to left in the sixth . The intense Quentin has had a tough month after a fast start . He had gone 37 at-bats without homering and his average has dropped 23 points . Jim Thome hit a bloop single to center that scored Orlando Cabrera in the seventh	False
Jim Thome hit a bloop single to center that scored Orlando Cabrera in the seventh , and Swisher drove in two more . Buehrle , who pitched the White Sox 's last no-hitter on April 18 , 2007 , retired the first 12 before walking Jason Bay to lead off the fifth	True
Gorzelanny ( 5 - 6 ) , from nearby suburb Evergreen Park , Ill. , gave up four runs on five hits in six innings . He is 0 - 3 in Chicago this season and was n't in the mood to talk about it . Pirates second baseman Luis Rivas added a run-scoring single in the eighth	True
Gorzelanny ( 5 - 6 ) , from nearby suburb Evergreen Park , Ill. , gave up four runs on five hits in six innings . He is 0 - 3 in Chicago this season and was n't in the mood to talk about it . Pirates second baseman Luis Rivas added a run-scoring single in the eighth , but dropped Alexei Ramirez 's popup near first	False
Gorzelanny ( 5 - 6 ) , from nearby suburb Evergreen Park , Ill. , gave up four runs on five hits in six innings . He is 0 - 3 in Chicago this season and was n't in the mood to talk about it . Pirates second baseman Luis Rivas added a run-scoring single in the eighth , but dropped Alexei Ramirez 's popup near first in the bottom of the inning , allowing Juan Uribe to score from second	False
Fielder , Russell Branyan and even Craig Counsell homered for Milwaukee , which improved to 2 - 2 on the current nine - game homestand and won its eighth straight at home against Toronto -- the last was in 1997 . Parra ( 6 - 2 ) struck out five and worked around four walks for his fifth straight win . The lefty was at his best when he had to be , getting out of two - on jams in the second	True
Fielder , Russell Branyan and even Craig Counsell homered for Milwaukee , which improved to 2 - 2 on the current nine - game homestand and won its eighth straight at home against Toronto -- the last was in 1997 . Parra ( 6 - 2 ) struck out five and worked around four walks for his fifth straight win . The lefty was at his best when he had to be , getting out of two - on jams in the second , fifth	True
Parra ( 6 - 2 ) struck out five and worked around four walks for his fifth straight win . The lefty was at his best when he had to be , getting out of two - on jams in the second , fifth and seventh innings . Parra allowed a pair of singles to Rod Barajas and Lyle Overbay to start the seventh	True
Parra allowed a pair of singles to Rod Barajas and Lyle Overbay to start the seventh , but retired the next three in order , finishing his night by striking out Alex Rios for the third time . Said Parra : `` There 's been some games where sixth	True
Said Parra : `` There 's been some games where sixth , seventh inning , fifth inning even , things just do n't seem to go my way . I was just happy to battle and get out of a little sticky situation . '' Braun , who went 3 - for - 4 and drove in three , hit his homers in the sixth	True
Said Parra : `` There 's been some games where sixth , seventh inning , fifth inning even , things just do n't seem to go my way . I was just happy to battle and get out of a little sticky situation . '' Braun , who went 3 - for - 4 and drove in three , hit his homers in the sixth and eighth innings . The first	False
Braun , who went 3 - for - 4 and drove in three , hit his homers in the sixth and eighth innings . The first , a solo shot off reliever Brian Wolfe , marked his 150th RBI in 182 games to become the fastest player to reach 150 since Walt Dropo in 1951 with the Boston Red Sox , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Braun added a two - run shot for the final margin with two outs in the eighth	True
Toronto , playing in Milwaukee for the first time since July 29 , 1997 , when the Brewers were in the AL and Fielder and Braun were 13 years old , fell to 4 - 11 in the last 15 . All four of the Blue Jays ' hits were singles . Fielder started the second	True
Toronto , playing in Milwaukee for the first time since July 29 , 1997 , when the Brewers were in the AL and Fielder and Braun were 13 years old , fell to 4 - 11 in the last 15 . All four of the Blue Jays ' hits were singles . Fielder started the second with a homer off Toronto starter Dustin McGowan ( 5 - 5 ) for his 12th	False
Toronto , playing in Milwaukee for the first time since July 29 , 1997 , when the Brewers were in the AL and Fielder and Braun were 13 years old , fell to 4 - 11 in the last 15 . All four of the Blue Jays ' hits were singles . Fielder started the second with a homer off Toronto starter Dustin McGowan ( 5 - 5 ) for his 12th this season . Counsell added his first homer since July 25 , 2007 , in the third	True
Bowker fell behind 0 - 2 then hit a 1 - 2 changeup into the seats in the right-field arcade , the first batter faced by Rodney after he relieved Freddy Dolsi ( 0 - 2 ) with two runners aboard . The Tigers activated Rodney from the disabled list earlier in the day after the setup man had missed the entire season with shoulder problems . Keiichi Yabu ( 3 - 3 ) pitched the eighth	True
Bowker fell behind 0 - 2 then hit a 1 - 2 changeup into the seats in the right-field arcade , the first batter faced by Rodney after he relieved Freddy Dolsi ( 0 - 2 ) with two runners aboard . The Tigers activated Rodney from the disabled list earlier in the day after the setup man had missed the entire season with shoulder problems . Keiichi Yabu ( 3 - 3 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Fred Lewis homered and added a two - run double in the big eighth inning . Giants closer Brian Wilson got into a bases-loaded jam in the ninth	True
Keiichi Yabu ( 3 - 3 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Fred Lewis homered and added a two - run double in the big eighth inning . Giants closer Brian Wilson got into a bases-loaded jam in the ninth in a non-save situation and allowed Curtis Granderson 's two - run single . Ivan Rodriguez tripled to lead off the seventh	True
Right fielder Randy Winn caught Renteria 's liner and fired the ball home . Replays appeared to show that catcher Bengie Molina tagged Rodriguez with his glove at the start of his slide . Bochy hurried out to argue with plate umpire Tom Hallion , who did n't wait long to toss the skipper -- his third ejection this year . Thames had his sixth multihomer game and second	False
Right fielder Randy Winn caught Renteria 's liner and fired the ball home . Replays appeared to show that catcher Bengie Molina tagged Rodriguez with his glove at the start of his slide . Bochy hurried out to argue with plate umpire Tom Hallion , who did n't wait long to toss the skipper -- his third ejection this year . Thames had his sixth multihomer game and second this year , the other coming on May 28 at the Los Angeles Angels . The homers were just the fourth	False
Thames had his sixth multihomer game and second this year , the other coming on May 28 at the Los Angeles Angels . The homers were just the fourth and fifth allowed by Giants starter Tim Lincecum this season . Thames made it a career-best four straight games with a homer when he connected for a two - out solo shot in the second	True
Thames had his sixth multihomer game and second this year , the other coming on May 28 at the Los Angeles Angels . The homers were just the fourth and fifth allowed by Giants starter Tim Lincecum this season . Thames made it a career-best four straight games with a homer when he connected for a two - out solo shot in the second that was the first hit of the night off Lincecum . Thames hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Thames had his sixth multihomer game and second this year , the other coming on May 28 at the Los Angeles Angels . The homers were just the fourth and fifth allowed by Giants starter Tim Lincecum this season . Thames made it a career-best four straight games with a homer when he connected for a two - out solo shot in the second that was the first hit of the night off Lincecum . Thames hit a two - run homer in the fourth for his 12th	False
San Francisco bounced back from a weekend sweep at home by the Oakland Athletics for just its fourth win in 15 at home . Lewis hit a tying home run leading off the fifth	True
Dana Eveland ( 5 - 5 ) gave up a run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings for the A 's , who have won six straight over the Giants and four of five overall . The left-hander walked three and struck out five . Eveland , who won his first road game since April 25 in Seattle , walked a combined 13 over his previous two starts . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
The Giants fell to a major league-worst 13 - 22 at home . Chavez , who came in with career .231 mark in San Francisco , tied the game with a fourth-inning single and put the A 's ahead in the sixth	True
The Giants fell to a major league-worst 13 - 22 at home . Chavez , who came in with career .231 mark in San Francisco , tied the game with a fourth-inning single and put the A 's ahead in the sixth with another base hit . Bobby Crosby , Carlos Gonzalez and Daric Barton also drove in runs in the four - run sixth	True
Randy Winn drove in the Giants ' first run with a third-inning double . Emmanuel Burriss had a pair of doubles . Pinch hitters John Bowker and Bengie Molina each drove in a run to make it 5 - 3 in the eighth	True
Jesus Flores provided the key hit , a tiebreaking two - run home run in the seventh inning . Flores , who had three RBIs , hit a two - out , 2 - 2 pitch from Miguel Batista ( 3 - 8 ) into the left-field bullpen for his fourth home run . Jon Rauch struck out the side in the ninth	True
Flores , like Clippard , also may be a victim of numbers . With LoDuca returning , he 'll assume the starting catching spot . But Acta has n't made that commitment yet . Flores had an RBI single in the first	True
In the bottom half , Ichiro Suzuki was thrown out trying to stretch a hit to a triple with a precise relay throw from Felipe Lopez to Ronnie Belliard . That same Belliard-Lopez combination produced the Nationals ' second run in the fourth	True
Seattle responded in the bottom half with solo shots from Vidro and Beltre to tie the score . The Mariners had a two - out rally in the sixth	True
Sexson , hitting just .212 , was booed heavily by the home crowd . Belliard drove in the final run in the ninth	True
Buscher singled with the bases loaded for his third straight hit and pinch-hitter Michael Cuddyer hit a two - run triple and scored on an error in the 12th inning to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 9 - 4 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Saturday night . With two outs in the 10th	True
Fielder pumped his fists before hurrying for a triple . After a short discussion by the umpire crew , the call stood and Twins reliever Matt Guerrier got out of the inning , forcing Mike Cameron to ground out weakly . In the 12th	True
Tavarez ( 0 - 1 ) got Delmon Young to ground into a fielder 's choice to get an out before Buscher 's big hit . After the second	True
He scored on the play when center fielder Cameron threw the ball away to give Minnesota a 9 - 4 lead . Buscher also added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
He scored on the play when center fielder Cameron threw the ball away to give Minnesota a 9 - 4 lead . Buscher also added a sacrifice fly in the seventh and scored the go-ahead run in the top of the ninth	False
Buscher also added a sacrifice fly in the seventh and scored the go-ahead run in the top of the ninth as the Twins rallied from a 3 - 1 deficit , but Russell Branyan tied the game at 4 with a two - out , 415-foot homer off Twins closer Joe Nathan in the bottom of the inning . It was Nathan 's second blown save opportunity of the year , but the Twins have won two in a row to improve to 3 - 6 on this 10-game road trip . Brian Bass ( 3 - 2 ) got the win after pitching the 11th	True
It was Nathan 's second blown save opportunity of the year , but the Twins have won two in a row to improve to 3 - 6 on this 10-game road trip . Brian Bass ( 3 - 2 ) got the win after pitching the 11th . The Twins scored a run in the seventh	True
It was Nathan 's second blown save opportunity of the year , but the Twins have won two in a row to improve to 3 - 6 on this 10-game road trip . Brian Bass ( 3 - 2 ) got the win after pitching the 11th . The Twins scored a run in the seventh , eighth	True
It was Nathan 's second blown save opportunity of the year , but the Twins have won two in a row to improve to 3 - 6 on this 10-game road trip . Brian Bass ( 3 - 2 ) got the win after pitching the 11th . The Twins scored a run in the seventh , eighth and ninth	True
It was Nathan 's second blown save opportunity of the year , but the Twins have won two in a row to improve to 3 - 6 on this 10-game road trip . Brian Bass ( 3 - 2 ) got the win after pitching the 11th . The Twins scored a run in the seventh , eighth and ninth , but squandered opportunities for a big inning and left the bases loaded with one out in the 11th	True
The Twins scored a run in the seventh , eighth and ninth , but squandered opportunities for a big inning and left the bases loaded with one out in the 11th off Tavarez . Buscher made sure it did n't happen again in the 12th	True
Buscher made sure it did n't happen again in the 12th . In the ninth	True
Buscher made sure it did n't happen again in the 12th . In the ninth , Buscher singled and the ball took a funny hop past right fielder Corey Hart for a two - base error to put him on third	False
Jones would also like to see more effort on the road Aramis Ramirez drew a leadoff walk in the bottom of the 11th	True
Kerry Wood ( 3 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings to get the win . Edmonds lined a 1 - 0 pitch from Blaine Boyer just over the fence and into the basket in left field in the ninth	True
Edmonds lined a 1 - 0 pitch from Blaine Boyer just over the fence and into the basket in left field in the ninth , his third homer of the season and second since joining the Cubs last month . Tim Hudson went 6 2/3 innings for Atlanta , allowing seven hits and a run . Hudson was on his way to his eighth win of the season before Boyer , who entered the game in the eighth	True
Edmonds lined a 1 - 0 pitch from Blaine Boyer just over the fence and into the basket in left field in the ninth , his third homer of the season and second since joining the Cubs last month . Tim Hudson went 6 2/3 innings for Atlanta , allowing seven hits and a run . Hudson was on his way to his eighth win of the season before Boyer , who entered the game in the eighth , picked up his third blown save of the year and the Braves ' ninth	False
Carlos Zambrano worked seven - plus innings for the Cubs and was charged with two runs and eight hits . Zambrano , who had a meltdown in the dugout during his last start in Los Angeles when he threw two water coolers after yielding seven runs , gave up a two - run homer to Jeff Francoeur in the second	True
The NL Central-leading Cubs played their first game since losing Alfonso Soriano , who could out for six weeks with a broken hand . Soriano was hit by a pitch from Atlanta 's Jeff Bennett on Wednesday night . Hudson took a five - hit shutout into the seventh	True
The NL Central-leading Cubs played their first game since losing Alfonso Soriano , who could out for six weeks with a broken hand . Soriano was hit by a pitch from Atlanta 's Jeff Bennett on Wednesday night . Hudson took a five - hit shutout into the seventh . Ramirez hit a leadoff single and reached second	False
The NL Central-leading Cubs played their first game since losing Alfonso Soriano , who could out for six weeks with a broken hand . Soriano was hit by a pitch from Atlanta 's Jeff Bennett on Wednesday night . Hudson took a five - hit shutout into the seventh . Ramirez hit a leadoff single and reached second when shortstop Yunel Escobar had trouble handling Fukudome 's grounder before firing to first	False
Hudson took a five - hit shutout into the seventh . Ramirez hit a leadoff single and reached second when shortstop Yunel Escobar had trouble handling Fukudome 's grounder before firing to first to get the out . Ramirez went to third	False
Ramirez went to third on Soto 's single and scored on Edmonds ' sacrifice fly to cut Atlanta 's lead to 2 - 1 . After issuing a four - pitch walk to Mark Teixeira to start the eighth	True
The worst of those starts came last Saturday , when the Royals battered him for 10 runs in 6 2/3 innings before New York rallied to a 12 - 11 win . Pettitte retired the final 12 batters he faced after the first two batters reached in the fifth	True
Rivera has saved 52 of Pettitte 's wins , three shy of tying the record held by Dennis Eckersley for Bob Welch with Oakland , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Joe Blanton ( 3 - 9 ) held the Yankees scoreless through five innings , allowing only one runner to reach third base . Derek Jeter then opened the sixth	True
That proved to be more than enough to deal Blanton another loss at the Coliseum . He allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings to drop to 1 - 7 in 10 starts here this season . Oakland got on the board first	False
That proved to be more than enough to deal Blanton another loss at the Coliseum . He allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings to drop to 1 - 7 in 10 starts here this season . Oakland got on the board first on an RBI single by Carlos Gonzalez in the second inning , but that 's all the A 's could manage in what is becoming a familiar pattern . Oakland was unable to add to the lead despite putting runners on second	False
That proved to be more than enough to deal Blanton another loss at the Coliseum . He allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings to drop to 1 - 7 in 10 starts here this season . Oakland got on the board first on an RBI single by Carlos Gonzalez in the second inning , but that 's all the A 's could manage in what is becoming a familiar pattern . Oakland was unable to add to the lead despite putting runners on second and third	False
That proved to be more than enough to deal Blanton another loss at the Coliseum . He allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings to drop to 1 - 7 in 10 starts here this season . Oakland got on the board first on an RBI single by Carlos Gonzalez in the second inning , but that 's all the A 's could manage in what is becoming a familiar pattern . Oakland was unable to add to the lead despite putting runners on second and third with one out in the fifth	True
After getting swept four games in San Diego last weekend , the Mets now must face ace pitchers Brandon Webb and Dan Haren in the final two games of this series . The Diamondbacks tied it at 5 before a wind-whipping thunderstorm forced a 61-minute delay after the sixth	True
After getting swept four games in San Diego last weekend , the Mets now must face ace pitchers Brandon Webb and Dan Haren in the final two games of this series . The Diamondbacks tied it at 5 before a wind-whipping thunderstorm forced a 61-minute delay after the sixth . Napkins , paper plates and tiny grains of dirt began swirling all over Shea Stadium as Pedro Feliciano was trying to warm up on the mound for the top of the seventh	True
As lightning and heavy rain followed , fans were advised to take cover on the concourse . After play resumed , Snyder came up with one out in the eighth	True
After play resumed , Snyder came up with one out in the eighth and drove an 0 - 2 pitch from Smith ( 0 - 1 ) into the virtually empty left-center bleachers for his seventh home run . It 's the only homer allowed by Smith in 25 innings this season , and the fourth	False
Snyder also hit a tiebreaking shot in the ninth inning Saturday for a 4 - 3 victory at Pittsburgh . Drew added a two - run drive and Jackson a solo shot off Duaner Sanchez in the ninth	True
Drew added a two - run drive and Jackson a solo shot off Duaner Sanchez in the ninth to make it 9 - 5 , bringing loud boos from the few fans remaining . Chad Qualls ( 1 - 5 ) worked a perfect seventh	True
Drew added a two - run drive and Jackson a solo shot off Duaner Sanchez in the ninth to make it 9 - 5 , bringing loud boos from the few fans remaining . Chad Qualls ( 1 - 5 ) worked a perfect seventh for the win , helped by Hudson 's leaping grab at second base , and Tony Pena preserved a one - run lead in the eighth	False
Drew added a two - run drive and Jackson a solo shot off Duaner Sanchez in the ninth to make it 9 - 5 , bringing loud boos from the few fans remaining . Chad Qualls ( 1 - 5 ) worked a perfect seventh for the win , helped by Hudson 's leaping grab at second base , and Tony Pena preserved a one - run lead in the eighth . The Mets put a runner on second	False
Chad Qualls ( 1 - 5 ) worked a perfect seventh for the win , helped by Hudson 's leaping grab at second base , and Tony Pena preserved a one - run lead in the eighth . The Mets put a runner on second with one out , but Endy Chavez lined out to shortstop and pinch-hitter Marlon Anderson , just off the DL , flied out . Diamondbacks pinch-hitter Augie Ojeda tied it at 5 with a two - out , two - run single in the sixth	True
Arizona finished with 12 hits and matched its biggest comeback of the season . Jackson put Arizona ahead with an RBI single in the first	True
Wright 's two - run shot in the second made it 5 - 1 . Diamondbacks right fielder Justin Upton saved a run in the fourth	True
Diamondbacks right fielder Justin Upton saved a run in the fourth with a sliding catch of Wright 's drive on the warning track , and New York soon coughed up the lead . Hudson connected for a two - run homer with two outs in the fifth	True
MIAMI ( AP ) -- Oh , the fans got to see a big home run all night . Though it was n't the one they were hoping for , they seemed happy enough with the result . Cody Ross hit a two - out , two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth	True
Burke Badenhop ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings . The Reds retook the lead by scoring three runs in the eighth	True
The Reds retook the lead by scoring three runs in the eighth . Adam Dunn hit a solo home run , and then with two outs , pinch-hitter Javier Valentin struck out swinging but the ball bounced past catcher Matt Treanor . Edwin Encarnacion pinch ran for him , took third	False
Marlins starter Scott Olsen allowed four runs , though none were earned , in six innings on four hits while striking out five . Cantu hit a solo homer off Reds starter Bronson Arroyo in the fifth	True
Marlins starter Scott Olsen allowed four runs , though none were earned , in six innings on four hits while striking out five . Cantu hit a solo homer off Reds starter Bronson Arroyo in the fifth . It was his third home run in two games and 11th	False
One night after Joba Chamberlain lasted only 2 1/3 innings in his first big-league start and Yankees pitchers walked a season-worst 10 , Mussina , the old pro , showed how it 's done . He worked around a leadoff double in the fourth	True
One night after Joba Chamberlain lasted only 2 1/3 innings in his first big-league start and Yankees pitchers walked a season-worst 10 , Mussina , the old pro , showed how it 's done . He worked around a leadoff double in the fourth and yielded five hits , including Scott Rolen 's two - out RBI double in the sixth	True
Ross Ohlendorf , Kyle Farnsworth and Mariano Rivera each worked a scoreless inning to finish it , helping Mussina improve to 24 - 12 against Toronto -- including 15 - 5 with the Yankees . Blue Jays catcher Rod Barajas left in the sixth	True
Blue Jays catcher Rod Barajas left in the sixth with tightness in his lower back and was replaced by Curtis Thigpen . Girardi put the slow-footed Molina in motion from first base on a 3 - 2 pitch in the third	True
Blue Jays catcher Rod Barajas left in the sixth with tightness in his lower back and was replaced by Curtis Thigpen . Girardi put the slow-footed Molina in motion from first base on a 3 - 2 pitch in the third , and it paid off as Molina went to third	False
The run ended Litsch 's scoreless streak at 18 innings . The right-hander , 5 - 0 with a 1.67 ERA in his previous six starts , lost for the first time since April 22 at Tampa Bay . Betemit , starting at first base for ailing Jason Giambi ( foot ) , hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Betemit , starting at first base for ailing Jason Giambi ( foot ) , hit a solo homer in the fourth . Robinson Cano doubled to snap a 4 - for - 30 skid , Molina walked and Cabrera 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . Rolen 's double cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth	False
Betemit , starting at first base for ailing Jason Giambi ( foot ) , hit a solo homer in the fourth . Robinson Cano doubled to snap a 4 - for - 30 skid , Molina walked and Cabrera 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . Rolen 's double cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth , but Molina doubled in the sixth	True
Rolen 's double cut it to 3 - 1 in the sixth , but Molina doubled in the sixth to chase Litsch and then scored on Damon 's single off Shawn Camp . Matsui , the AL 's leading hitter , added a run-scoring single in the seventh	False
Bob Howry was the Cubs ' third reliever in the inning when he came on with the bases loaded and one out . Howry retired Tadahito Iguchi on a ground out that scored the last run of the inning , then struck out Brian Giles . Kerry Wood pitched the ninth	True
Adrian Gonzalez , the NL leader in RBIs with 55 , drove in one run for the Padres , who lost their third straight . Gonzalez had three hits . San Diego took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Adrian Gonzalez , the NL leader in RBIs with 55 , drove in one run for the Padres , who lost their third straight . Gonzalez had three hits . San Diego took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Khalil Greene 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied the score in the fifth	False
San Diego took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Khalil Greene 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied the score in the fifth when Wil Ledezma walked Ryan Theriot with the bases loaded and Derrek Lee drove in a run with an infield single . San Diego added three runs in the eighth	False
Lackey ( 9 - 2 ) almost became the first visiting pitcher in 50 years to toss a no-hitter at Fenway , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hall of Famer Jim Bunning did it for Detroit on July 20 , 1958 . The AL leader in ERA last season , Lackey struck out four and walked two in his 12th career complete game and second	False
Lackey allowed just two baserunners -- on a hit batsman and a walk -- in the first six innings . David Ortiz led off the seventh	True
Lackey had n't had much luck against the Red Sox . He was 2 - 6 with a 6.01 ERA against them in his career , including a 1 - 4 record and 7.46 ERA at Fenway . Buchholz ( 2 - 6 ) gave up five earned runs on six hits and three walks , striking out five in 6 1/3 innings . He loaded the bases in the third	True
Lackey had n't had much luck against the Red Sox . He was 2 - 6 with a 6.01 ERA against them in his career , including a 1 - 4 record and 7.46 ERA at Fenway . Buchholz ( 2 - 6 ) gave up five earned runs on six hits and three walks , striking out five in 6 1/3 innings . He loaded the bases in the third before Figgins singled and Maicer Izturis walked in a run , then Garret Anderson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Buchholz ( 2 - 6 ) gave up five earned runs on six hits and three walks , striking out five in 6 1/3 innings . He loaded the bases in the third before Figgins singled and Maicer Izturis walked in a run , then Garret Anderson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Los Angeles took a 6 - 0 lead in the seventh	False
Second-place Philadelphia won and remained a half-game back . The Mets led 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
Second-place Philadelphia won and remained a half-game back . The Mets led 2 - 1 in the eighth when Delgado batted against Renyel Pinto in a lefty-lefty matchup with a runner on first	False
Marlins manager Fredi Gonzalez said he was n't surprised to see Delgado thinking about a bunt . The count reached 2 - 2 before Delgado pulled a pitch for his 23rd homer -- his fifth	False
The Mets liked the homer more . Heilman escaped a two - on , one - out jam in the seventh	True
The Mets liked the homer more . Heilman escaped a two - on , one - out jam in the seventh , then struck out the side in the eighth	False
Heilman escaped a two - on , one - out jam in the seventh , then struck out the side in the eighth . Wagner pitched a perfect ninth	True
Perez ( 7 - 6 ) left with a 2 - 1 lead and earned his first victory since June 29 . He allowed five hits and walked three but shut out Florida over his final 5 1/3 innings . New York snapped a 1-all tie with a run in the sixth	True
Perez ( 7 - 6 ) left with a 2 - 1 lead and earned his first victory since June 29 . He allowed five hits and walked three but shut out Florida over his final 5 1/3 innings . New York snapped a 1-all tie with a run in the sixth . Evans singled , took second	False
The Mets opened the game with three consecutive doubles but managed to score only once . Jose Reyes tried to stretch his hit into a triple and was thrown out by left fielder Josh Willingham . Evans doubled and scored on a double by Wright , but Olsen retired the next three batters . Olsen did n't give up another hit until Evans ' one - out single in the sixth	True
Olsen did n't give up another hit until Evans ' one - out single in the sixth . Florida scored in the first	True
The Mets roughed up rookie Mitchell Boggs ( 3 - 2 ) for the second time in 22 days , handing the Cardinals their fifth straight defeat . Milwaukee finished a four - game sweep in St. Louis on Thursday night , the Cardinals ' first four - game skid of the season . Argenis Reyes hit his first major league homer and drove in two runs as the Mets won for the 10th time in 11 home games . David Wright got New York started with an RBI double in the third	True
St. Louis slugger Albert Pujols went 0 - for - 5 with three strikeouts and grounded out with two on to end it . Reyes ' two - run triple to right-center with two outs in the fourth made it 3 - 0 . Delgado added a two - run shot off Boggs in the fifth	False
St. Louis slugger Albert Pujols went 0 - for - 5 with three strikeouts and grounded out with two on to end it . Reyes ' two - run triple to right-center with two outs in the fourth made it 3 - 0 . Delgado added a two - run shot off Boggs in the fifth , his 20th homer this season and ninth	False
Chamberlain has allowed three runs or less in all 10 starts this year . On Friday , he gave up three singles -- one to Ortiz , who missed the previous 45 games with a left wrist injury -- and struck out nine in a career-high seven innings . Mariano Rivera shut down a threat in the eighth	True
Mariano Rivera shut down a threat in the eighth and finished for his 26th save , helping the Yankees remain undefeated since the All-Star break . The only run scored in the third inning when Jason Giambi took advantage of an infield shift and hit a tapper to the spot vacated by shortstop Jed Lowrie , playing to the right of second base . By the time Lowrie retrieved the ball , Bobby Abreu , who had singled and advanced to third	False
On Friday , he walked one , did n't allow a runner past second base and retired his last 10 batters , five on strikeouts , as the Yankees moved a season-high 12 games above .500 . Kyle Farnsworth put runners at first	False
On Friday , he walked one , did n't allow a runner past second base and retired his last 10 batters , five on strikeouts , as the Yankees moved a season-high 12 games above .500 . Kyle Farnsworth put runners at first and second	False
On Friday , he walked one , did n't allow a runner past second base and retired his last 10 batters , five on strikeouts , as the Yankees moved a season-high 12 games above .500 . Kyle Farnsworth put runners at first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Kyle Farnsworth put runners at first and second with one out in the eighth on singles by Lowrie and Coco Crisp . Then Rivera came in , struck out Jacoby Ellsbury and retired Dustin Pedroia on a grounder to the mound . Rivera allowed a one - out single to Kevin Youkilis in the ninth	False
Rivera allowed a one - out single to Kevin Youkilis in the ninth , then struck out the last two batters . Chamberlain gave up singles to Pedroia in the first	True
Rivera allowed a one - out single to Kevin Youkilis in the ninth , then struck out the last two batters . Chamberlain gave up singles to Pedroia in the first and Mike Lowell in the second	False
Rivera allowed a one - out single to Kevin Youkilis in the ninth , then struck out the last two batters . Chamberlain gave up singles to Pedroia in the first and Mike Lowell in the second . In the fourth	True
The Red Sox were missing one of their best hitters : Manny Ramirez was scratched from the lineup with a sore right knee and missed his second straight game . He is hitting .487 during his current 11-game hitting streak . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , Chamberlain threw a high , inside pitch that sent Youkilis to the ground as the ball ricocheted off his bat . Plate umpire Marty Foster warned both benches before Chamberlain struck him out . In Boston 's 5 - 4 loss at New York on July 7 , Youkilis scored on a wild pitch on which he slid into Chamberlain covering home . One inning later , the sixth	True
Chicago leads the season series against Detroit 6 - 4 with eight games left . The White Sox entered 0 - 38 when trailing after eight innings but rallied in the ninth	True
Chicago leads the season series against Detroit 6 - 4 with eight games left . The White Sox entered 0 - 38 when trailing after eight innings but rallied in the ninth after Carlos Guillen put Detroit ahead with a tiebreaking homer in the seventh	True
The White Sox entered 0 - 38 when trailing after eight innings but rallied in the ninth after Carlos Guillen put Detroit ahead with a tiebreaking homer in the seventh . D. J. Carrasco ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win by getting two outs in the eighth	False
The White Sox entered 0 - 38 when trailing after eight innings but rallied in the ninth after Carlos Guillen put Detroit ahead with a tiebreaking homer in the seventh . D. J. Carrasco ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win by getting two outs in the eighth and Bobby Jenks pitched a perfect ninth	True
Detroit has been the hottest team in baseball since early June -- after starting 0 - 7 and sinking to 24 - 36 -- and had a chance to make its deficit in the division the smallest it 's been since mid-May . The White Sox tied it with three runs in the seventh	True
Detroit starter Nate Robertson gave up three runs , five hits and a season-high five walks over six - plus innings and 44,393 fans gave him a standing ovation . Joel Zumaya replaced Robertson with two on and none out in the seventh	True
Joel Zumaya replaced Robertson with two on and none out in the seventh and his first pitch was hit by Orlando Cabrera for an RBI single and A. J. Pierzynski followed with a sacrifice fly , cutting Detroit 's lead to a run . Then after getting Dye to pop out , Zumaya 's pitch got away from Ivan Rodriguez and he threw wildly to third	False
Gavin Floyd gave up four runs , three earned , and a season-high nine hits in six innings for Chicago . Curtis Granderson scored Detroit 's first run -- thanks to Guillen 's slide at second	False
Gavin Floyd gave up four runs , three earned , and a season-high nine hits in six innings for Chicago . Curtis Granderson scored Detroit 's first run -- thanks to Guillen 's slide at second that took out shortstop Cabrera 's legs to break up a likely double play -- and had a tiebreaking run in a three - run third	True
Robertson got off to a fantastic start , retiring the side in order with just 11 pitches over the first two innings . He got into and out of a jam in the third	True
Ordonez hit a go-ahead single in the home half and Miguel Cabrera followed with an RBI double . Robertson got in and out of trouble again in the fifth	True
Ordonez hit a go-ahead single in the home half and Miguel Cabrera followed with an RBI double . Robertson got in and out of trouble again in the fifth , giving up consecutive walks with two outs to load the bases before getting Quentin to pop up . But manager Jim Leyland did n't give him another chance to escape a jam in the seventh	True
Hermida , who has come off the bench in each of the last two games , snapped an 0 - for - 9 slump with his 13th homer of the season . Justin Miller ( 3 - 2 ) earned the win by getting the final two outs in the eighth inning , and Kevin Gregg earned his 21st save by pitching a perfect ninth	True
Chicago 's Jeff Samardzija , the former Notre Dame football star , made his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Iowa before the game . Samardzija came in to protect a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
His second inning went smoother , as he retired the side in order . He ended up allowing one run and two hits with two strikeouts in two innings . Samardzija received a standing ovation -- his first	False
His second inning went smoother , as he retired the side in order . He ended up allowing one run and two hits with two strikeouts in two innings . Samardzija received a standing ovation -- his first of many -- when he took the mound , and the crowd cheered when he struck out pinch-hitter Alfredo Amezaga to lead off the seventh	True
He opened the second inning by hitting Dan Uggla , who had been hitless in his previous 13 at-bats . Josh Willingham made Dempster pay by doubling to right-center field to score Uggla . Dempster allowed two hits and struck out six , but walked a season-high six in six innings . In the fifth	True
Johnson matched a career high with eight strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . He gave up two runs and seven hits with three walks . Reed Johnson homered in the fifth	True
Johnson matched a career high with eight strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . He gave up two runs and seven hits with three walks . Reed Johnson homered in the fifth to break a 1-all tie . The Cubs were in position to score more in the inning with Alfonso Soriano on second	False
Johnson matched a career high with eight strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . He gave up two runs and seven hits with three walks . Reed Johnson homered in the fifth to break a 1-all tie . The Cubs were in position to score more in the inning with Alfonso Soriano on second and Ryan Theriot on first	False
Herrera had little difficulty against San Diego , which owns the worst record in the major leagues at 38 - 65 . The Padres ' best scoring chance against the right-hander came in the third inning , when they put runners on first	False
Herrera had little difficulty against San Diego , which owns the worst record in the major leagues at 38 - 65 . The Padres ' best scoring chance against the right-hander came in the third inning , when they put runners on first and second	False
The Padres ' best scoring chance against the right-hander came in the third inning , when they put runners on first and second with one out . But Edgar Gonzalez and Brian Giles grounded out to end the threat . San Diego also put two runners on with two outs in the sixth	True
San Diego also put two runners on with two outs in the sixth , but Chase Headley flied out . Bay and Nady opened the fourth	True
Hensley , making his first start of the season , allowed six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . McLouth , who had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Hensley , making his first start of the season , allowed six runs and seven hits in five innings . He struck out two and walked two . McLouth , who had a sacrifice fly in the sixth , hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
`` When you 're coming back off an injury , you 've just got to see pitches and get that confidence back . I'm feeling very good in the box right now , I'm seeing the ball pretty well and I think I'm being a little more patient . And whenever you do that , guys have to throw you strikes . So you 'll get pitches to hit . '' It was the first time in Angels history that three players each had four or more hits in the same game . Mathis added a two - run double in the sixth	True
`` When you 're coming back off an injury , you 've just got to see pitches and get that confidence back . I'm feeling very good in the box right now , I'm seeing the ball pretty well and I think I'm being a little more patient . And whenever you do that , guys have to throw you strikes . So you 'll get pitches to hit . '' It was the first time in Angels history that three players each had four or more hits in the same game . Mathis added a two - run double in the sixth and Kendrick capped the Angels ' scoring binge with a two - run single in the seventh	True
It was the first time in Angels history that three players each had four or more hits in the same game . Mathis added a two - run double in the sixth and Kendrick capped the Angels ' scoring binge with a two - run single in the seventh . Kotchman , the son of longtime Angels scout and minor-league manager Tom Kotchman , raised his average to .289 . He is third	False
Kotchman , the son of longtime Angels scout and minor-league manager Tom Kotchman , raised his average to .289 . He is third on the club with 48 RBIs and leads the Angels with 24 doubles . Lackey ( 8 - 2 ) allowed six runs and eight hits over five innings but was able to call it quits with a 10 - 6 lead after his teammates scored five runs in the fifth	True
Lackey ( 8 - 2 ) allowed six runs and eight hits over five innings but was able to call it quits with a 10 - 6 lead after his teammates scored five runs in the fifth . The six runs were the most allowed by the right-hander in any of his 77 career victories . Lackey is 2 - 1 with a 7.60 ERA in his last four starts , after allowing no more than two earned runs in eight of his previous nine outings this season . He threw 32 of his 99 pitches during Cleveland 's two - run first	True
Lackey is 2 - 1 with a 7.60 ERA in his last four starts , after allowing no more than two earned runs in eight of his previous nine outings this season . He threw 32 of his 99 pitches during Cleveland 's two - run first . Somehow out of all this chaos , Francisco Rodriguez ended up with his major league-leading 42nd save after Jose Arredondo gave up a two - out RBI double in the ninth	True
Somehow out of all this chaos , Francisco Rodriguez ended up with his major league-leading 42nd save after Jose Arredondo gave up a two - out RBI double in the ninth to David Dellucci . Aaron Laffey ( 5 - 7 ) pitched four - plus innings , allowing eight runs and 12 hits . The Indians had a 6 - 5 lead when the left-hander departed with the bases loaded and none out in the fifth	True
Aaron Laffey ( 5 - 7 ) pitched four - plus innings , allowing eight runs and 12 hits . The Indians had a 6 - 5 lead when the left-hander departed with the bases loaded and none out in the fifth . Tom Mastny , making his first appearance since June 13 , relieved Laffey and forced in the tying run with a walk to Matthews . Mathis drove the right-hander 's next pitch to left-center for his eighth homer of the season and second	False
Mathis ' grand slam was the 10th given up by the Cleveland staff , the most in the majors , and the most by the Indians in one season since the club began keeping track in 1951 . Ryan Garko hit a two - run homer that gave Cleveland a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Mathis ' grand slam was the 10th given up by the Cleveland staff , the most in the majors , and the most by the Indians in one season since the club began keeping track in 1951 . Ryan Garko hit a two - run homer that gave Cleveland a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth . He added a two - run single in the eighth	True
DENVER ( AP ) -- Aaron Cook hardly looked like an All-Star in the first inning Sunday . He did in his final six innings . Cook , who impressed with three scoreless innings in his first All-Star appearance this year , was roughed up for three runs in the first	True
Cook settled down and mowed through the Pittsburgh lineup after that . He faced the minimum over his last six innings , allowing just Zach Duke 's fifth-inning single , which was wiped out on a double play . The Pirates had one hit after the first inning until Mientkiewicz led off the ninth	True
The Pirates had one hit after the first inning until Mientkiewicz led off the ninth with a double . While Cook took control , the Rockies offense heated up against Duke ( 4 - 7 ) , who went five - plus innings , striking out five . He retired the first 10 batters of the game before giving up nine runs to his final 16 batters . He left after Brad Hawpe doubled , Barmes singled and Stewart doubled home both runners to make it 8 - 3 to start the sixth	True
Denny Bautista relieved Duke and gave up a sacrifice fly to Willy Taveras to make it 9 - 3 . The Rockies took the lead for good in the fifth	True
Denny Bautista relieved Duke and gave up a sacrifice fly to Willy Taveras to make it 9 - 3 . The Rockies took the lead for good in the fifth . Barmes led off with a triple , Stewart doubled and two outs later , Baker and Holliday hit home runs on consecutive pitches to make it 6 - 3 . It was Baker 's seventh	False
It was the third time this season Colorado has hit back-to-back home runs . Duke was cruising before Baker reached on an infield single in the third	True
After winning 10 in a row and moving into a first-place tie with Philadelphia in the NL East , the Mets have dropped two in a row . In this one , their clutch hitting , their defense and their bullpen all let them down . Votto had a run-scoring single off Oliver Perez ( 6 - 6 ) , then broke the game open with a two - run triple in the seventh	True
Fogg ( 2 - 2 ) escaped serious damage by inducing three double plays in his six innings -- just what he needed to get his first victory since April 9 , when he was in his first stint in the rotation . He has overcome a demotion to the bullpen and a stint on the disabled list before settling in . He was n't the only one who gave the Mets fits with runners on base . New York loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
It was Sabathia 's 21st career complete game and second straight . His lone blemish for much of the night was a leadoff infield single in the first inning by Fred Lewis . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
It was Sabathia 's 21st career complete game and second straight . His lone blemish for much of the night was a leadoff infield single in the first inning by Fred Lewis . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the seventh to help Sabathia 's cause , then Mike Cameron added a three - run shot in the ninth	True
Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the seventh to help Sabathia 's cause , then Mike Cameron added a three - run shot in the ninth . Sabathia ( 3 - 0 ) , pitching in his native Northern California for the first time since the Brewers acquired him in a trade with Cleveland , retired 17 straight batters until Lewis reached on an error to start the seventh	True
Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the seventh to help Sabathia 's cause , then Mike Cameron added a three - run shot in the ninth . Sabathia ( 3 - 0 ) , pitching in his native Northern California for the first time since the Brewers acquired him in a trade with Cleveland , retired 17 straight batters until Lewis reached on an error to start the seventh . Aaron Rowand homered leading off the eighth	False
Rowand has seen his share of Sabathia , as they faced each other in the minors . He doubled in the third	True
Rowand has seen his share of Sabathia , as they faced each other in the minors . He doubled in the third , his third hit in 10 at-bats this season , and scored Milwaukee 's first run . All of his hits have been for extra bases , including two home runs . He scored his team 's first run on J. J. Hardy 's RBI groundout , then Hardy doubled in a run in the seventh	True
Sabathia outpitched Matt Cain ( 5 - 8 ) to improve to 2 - 4 on the road this season . Sabathia , the burly left-hander from nearby Vallejo , also won in the Giants ' waterfront ballpark in June 2005 . Giants manager Bruce Bochy was ejected for arguing a call during the fifth inning . He came out of the dugout to complain after home plate umpire Jim Wolf ruled Ryan Braun safe at third	False
Sabathia outpitched Matt Cain ( 5 - 8 ) to improve to 2 - 4 on the road this season . Sabathia , the burly left-hander from nearby Vallejo , also won in the Giants ' waterfront ballpark in June 2005 . Giants manager Bruce Bochy was ejected for arguing a call during the fifth inning . He came out of the dugout to complain after home plate umpire Jim Wolf ruled Ryan Braun safe at third after a triple to left-center . San Francisco third baseman Jose Castillo took the relay throw from shortstop Omar Vizquel and appeared to tag Braun , but Wolf -- covering third	False
Cain saw his winless stretch reach three starts with his second straight loss , and the Giants ' major league-worst home record fell to 17 - 29 . They have just four victories in their last 16 home games . Cain , one of three Giants ' starters with 100 or more strikeouts at the All-Star break , recorded his 500th strikeout when he fanned Russell Branyan to end the fifth	True
Said Beltre : `` Any win is a good positive for us right now . '' Leading off the ninth	True
Said Beltre : `` Any win is a good positive for us right now . '' Leading off the ninth against All-Star closer Joakim Soria , Beltre hit a popup into shallow center and sped to second	False
Leading off the ninth against All-Star closer Joakim Soria , Beltre hit a popup into shallow center and sped to second with a popup double when it floated just barely out of the reach of shortstop Mike Aviles . A sacrifice put him at third	False
Soria threw the ball to Buck , and Beltre was trapped . But Buck threw over the head of third baseman Alex Gordon , and Beltre turned back toward home . Aviles , backing up Gordon , made an outstanding effort to stop the ball from rolling into the outfield , and looked like he may have had time to throw to Buck to get Beltre . But instead he threw to second	False
The Royals go into the break at 43 - 53 , an improvement on their 38 - 50 mark last season . A day after David DeJesus hit a game-winning homer off Morrow with two outs in the ninth	True
A day after David DeJesus hit a game-winning homer off Morrow with two outs in the ninth , Morrow got his revenge , getting DeJesus to fly out to left to end the game . Royals starter Kyle Davies , looking for his first win in five starts , had a 2 - 1 lead with two out in the seventh	True
A day after David DeJesus hit a game-winning homer off Morrow with two outs in the ninth , Morrow got his revenge , getting DeJesus to fly out to left to end the game . Royals starter Kyle Davies , looking for his first win in five starts , had a 2 - 1 lead with two out in the seventh but surrendered a single to Bloomquist . Rookie catcher Jeff Clement , breaking an 0 - for - 15 slide that had dropped his average to .159 , drove a 3 - 2 pitch over the fence to put Seattle on top 3 - 2 . It was Clement 's fifth	False
Royals starter Kyle Davies , looking for his first win in five starts , had a 2 - 1 lead with two out in the seventh but surrendered a single to Bloomquist . Rookie catcher Jeff Clement , breaking an 0 - for - 15 slide that had dropped his average to .159 , drove a 3 - 2 pitch over the fence to put Seattle on top 3 - 2 . It was Clement 's fifth of the year . Ross Gload and Buck singled leading off the bottom of the seventh	False
Santana saves his best for the A 's . His four wins in Oakland are his most in any park outside of Anaheim , and his nine wins are his most against any team . He lowered his ERA against the A 's to 1.36 ( 14 runs in 92 1/3 innings ) and has never lost in his seven starts in Oakland . Scot Shields got the first two outs of the eighth	True
Scot Shields got the first two outs of the eighth before allowing Brown 's single and Gonzalez 's RBI double . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his major league-leading 37th save in 40 chances . Santana was in a jam once , giving up singles to Mark Ellis and Daric Barton to open the seventh	True
Santana was in a jam once , giving up singles to Mark Ellis and Daric Barton to open the seventh . Jack Hannahan 's infield groundout advanced both runners but Santana struck out Donnie Murphy and Kurt Suzuki . He walked two and struck out 10 , his most against the A 's . The Angels put together a two - out rally in the first inning to score their first two runs . With one out , Manny Aybar walked . After Guerrero struck out , Torii Hunter singled with Aybar taking third	False
The Blue Jays extended their home winning streak to a season-high six games . Playing in their third city in as many nights , the Yankees put just two runners in scoring position against Halladay . Leadoff hitter Brett Gardner was hit in the left leg with a pitch and stole second	False
The Blue Jays extended their home winning streak to a season-high six games . Playing in their third city in as many nights , the Yankees put just two runners in scoring position against Halladay . Leadoff hitter Brett Gardner was hit in the left leg with a pitch and stole second in the first	True
The Blue Jays extended their home winning streak to a season-high six games . Playing in their third city in as many nights , the Yankees put just two runners in scoring position against Halladay . Leadoff hitter Brett Gardner was hit in the left leg with a pitch and stole second in the first , but Halladay got Jeter to ground out and struck out both Bobby Abreu and Alex Rodriguez looking to end the first	True
The Blue Jays extended their home winning streak to a season-high six games . Playing in their third city in as many nights , the Yankees put just two runners in scoring position against Halladay . Leadoff hitter Brett Gardner was hit in the left leg with a pitch and stole second in the first , but Halladay got Jeter to ground out and struck out both Bobby Abreu and Alex Rodriguez looking to end the first . He began the second	True
Playing in their third city in as many nights , the Yankees put just two runners in scoring position against Halladay . Leadoff hitter Brett Gardner was hit in the left leg with a pitch and stole second in the first , but Halladay got Jeter to ground out and struck out both Bobby Abreu and Alex Rodriguez looking to end the first . He began the second by fanning Jason Giambi and Jorge Posada . Jeter hit a ground-rule double in the ninth	True
Playing in their third city in as many nights , the Yankees put just two runners in scoring position against Halladay . Leadoff hitter Brett Gardner was hit in the left leg with a pitch and stole second in the first , but Halladay got Jeter to ground out and struck out both Bobby Abreu and Alex Rodriguez looking to end the first . He began the second by fanning Jason Giambi and Jorge Posada . Jeter hit a ground-rule double in the ninth but Abreu ended a 12-pitch at-bat by striking out before Rodriguez lined out to first	False
Jeter hit a ground-rule double in the ninth but Abreu ended a 12-pitch at-bat by striking out before Rodriguez lined out to first to end the game . The only other hit was Rodriguez 's one - out single in the fourth	True
The only other hit was Rodriguez 's one - out single in the fourth , a liner to center that dropped in front of Brad Wilkerson . The Yankees managed just two other baserunners against Halladay . Robinson Cano drew a two - out walk in the second	True
The only other hit was Rodriguez 's one - out single in the fourth , a liner to center that dropped in front of Brad Wilkerson . The Yankees managed just two other baserunners against Halladay . Robinson Cano drew a two - out walk in the second , and Abreu was hit by a pitch in the sixth	True
Chamberlain , who has won just once as a starter despite never allowing more than three earned runs , was encouraged that he did not walk a batter for the first time . Toronto opened the scoring in the third	True
Chamberlain , who has won just once as a starter despite never allowing more than three earned runs , was encouraged that he did not walk a batter for the first time . Toronto opened the scoring in the third when Adam Lind led off with a single and went to second	False
Chamberlain , who has won just once as a starter despite never allowing more than three earned runs , was encouraged that he did not walk a batter for the first time . Toronto opened the scoring in the third when Adam Lind led off with a single and went to second on a wild pitch . Joe Inglett advanced him to third	False
Chamberlain , who has won just once as a starter despite never allowing more than three earned runs , was encouraged that he did not walk a batter for the first time . Toronto opened the scoring in the third when Adam Lind led off with a single and went to second on a wild pitch . Joe Inglett advanced him to third with a bunt and was safe at first	False
Chamberlain , who has won just once as a starter despite never allowing more than three earned runs , was encouraged that he did not walk a batter for the first time . Toronto opened the scoring in the third when Adam Lind led off with a single and went to second on a wild pitch . Joe Inglett advanced him to third with a bunt and was safe at first when Posada 's underhanded throw sailed over the head of Wilson Betemit at first	False
Chamberlain , who has won just once as a starter despite never allowing more than three earned runs , was encouraged that he did not walk a batter for the first time . Toronto opened the scoring in the third when Adam Lind led off with a single and went to second on a wild pitch . Joe Inglett advanced him to third with a bunt and was safe at first when Posada 's underhanded throw sailed over the head of Wilson Betemit at first . One out later , Lyle Overbay 's single scored Lind and sent Inglett to third	False
Toronto opened the scoring in the third when Adam Lind led off with a single and went to second on a wild pitch . Joe Inglett advanced him to third with a bunt and was safe at first when Posada 's underhanded throw sailed over the head of Wilson Betemit at first . One out later , Lyle Overbay 's single scored Lind and sent Inglett to third . Stairs followed with an RBI fielder 's choice . Barajas hit a solo homer to left in the sixth	True
Toronto opened the scoring in the third when Adam Lind led off with a single and went to second on a wild pitch . Joe Inglett advanced him to third with a bunt and was safe at first when Posada 's underhanded throw sailed over the head of Wilson Betemit at first . One out later , Lyle Overbay 's single scored Lind and sent Inglett to third . Stairs followed with an RBI fielder 's choice . Barajas hit a solo homer to left in the sixth , his eighth	False
Chamberlain left after Lind reached on a bloop double that Cano lost in the twilight . Billy Traber came on and got Inglett to hit a comebacker . Stairs made it 5 - 0 with a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Chamberlain left after Lind reached on a bloop double that Cano lost in the twilight . Billy Traber came on and got Inglett to hit a comebacker . Stairs made it 5 - 0 with a two - run homer in the eighth off Traber , his ninth	False
Shane Victorino also had three hits for the Phillies , who have won three straight . Victorino tied it at 5 with a two - run triple off Tony Pena in the eighth inning . So Taguchi led off the 12th	True
Shane Victorino also had three hits for the Phillies , who have won three straight . Victorino tied it at 5 with a two - run triple off Tony Pena in the eighth inning . So Taguchi led off the 12th with a single to left for Philadelphia . Chris Coste then sacrificed him to second	False
So Taguchi led off the 12th with a single to left for Philadelphia . Chris Coste then sacrificed him to second and Connor Robertson ( 0 - 1 ) intentionally walked Jimmy Rollins to get to Werth , who singled to center . Rudy Seanez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless 12th	True
The West-leading Diamondbacks were extended to extra innings for the second straight game after winning 7 - 5 in 11 innings at Washington on Thursday . Arizona erased a 3 - 1 deficit with three runs in the seventh	True
Kyle Kendrick yielded four runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings for the East-leading Phillies . Arizona 's Chad Tracy tied it at 1 with an RBI single in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion , Brandon Phillips , Adam Dunn and Joey Votto also homered with the wind blowing out at 12 mph on a muggy day . The Reds tied their season high for homers -- they also had seven against the Cubs at their longball-friendly yard , Great American Ball Park , on May 7 . Backup catcher Ross had one homer all season before hitting solo shots in the fifth	True
Edwin Encarnacion , Brandon Phillips , Adam Dunn and Joey Votto also homered with the wind blowing out at 12 mph on a muggy day . The Reds tied their season high for homers -- they also had seven against the Cubs at their longball-friendly yard , Great American Ball Park , on May 7 . Backup catcher Ross had one homer all season before hitting solo shots in the fifth off Jon Lieber and seventh	False
Backup catcher Ross had one homer all season before hitting solo shots in the fifth off Jon Lieber and seventh off newly acquired Chad Gaudin . Griffey hit a three - run drive off reliever Michael Wuertz as Cincinnati scored four times in the fourth	True
Griffey hit a three - run drive off reliever Michael Wuertz as Cincinnati scored four times in the fourth to take an 8 - 3 lead . He also had a run-scoring double and finished with four RBIs Griffey 's 12th homer of the season got him within four of tying Sammy Sosa for fifth	False
Mike Fontenot homered for Chicago , which dropped to 35 - 11 at home . All-Star outfielder Kosuke Fukudome fouled a ball off his leg in the eighth	True
Mike Fontenot homered for Chicago , which dropped to 35 - 11 at home . All-Star outfielder Kosuke Fukudome fouled a ball off his leg in the eighth and was replaced in the field in the ninth	True
He struck out three times and went 0 - for - 5 as his average dropped to .282 . Chicago cut it to 8 - 5 on Fontenot 's two - run drive in the fourth	True
He struck out three times and went 0 - for - 5 as his average dropped to .282 . Chicago cut it to 8 - 5 on Fontenot 's two - run drive in the fourth but Ross went deep in the fifth	True
Chicago cut it to 8 - 5 on Fontenot 's two - run drive in the fourth but Ross went deep in the fifth and Dunn 's long drive to right in the sixth cleared the stadium and landed on the other side of Sheffield Ave . Derrek Lee had an RBI double in the first	True
Chicago cut it to 8 - 5 on Fontenot 's two - run drive in the fourth but Ross went deep in the fifth and Dunn 's long drive to right in the sixth cleared the stadium and landed on the other side of Sheffield Ave . Derrek Lee had an RBI double in the first and Ryan Theriot delivered a two - out , two - run single in the second	True
Despite the public-address announcer at Shea Stadium frequently urging fans to text in their votes for Wright , Milwaukee outfielder Corey Hart won the spot . The Giants ended their scoreless streak at 21 innings , but still lost their fourth	False
Scott Schoeneweis ( 1 - 2 ) won in relief of John Maine . Tatis hit his fourth homer , a two - run drive into the left-field bleachers off Sergio Romo ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
With the homer , Tatis raised his average over .300 . The crowd chanted his name when he came up again in the eighth inning . Shut out by the Mets the previous two nights , the Giants scored in the fourth	True
A righty , Maine exited his last start because of a cramp in his left forearm . Against the Giants , he matched season highs by striking out eight and walking five -- Maine faced 21 batters and went to a full count on 10 of them . Ahead 3 - 1 with two outs in the fifth	True
Ahead 3 - 1 with two outs in the fifth , Maine lost a chance at a win because of Randy Winn . After Winn lined a tying double for just the Giants ' second hit , Manuel pulled Maine . Tatis ' second double of the game drove in two runs and put the Mets ahead 3 - 0 in the third	True
Tatis ' second double of the game drove in two runs and put the Mets ahead 3 - 0 in the third against Barry Zito . Carlos Beltran hit an RBI single , then ran right through third base coach Luis Aguayo 's stop and easily scored when the throw home was cut off . Tatis made a nice running catch on Castillo 's fly toward the right-field corner in the sixth	True
Nolasco ( 10 - 4 ) won his fifth straight decision , holding San Diego to one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Nolasco might have gotten his first career complete game , but was pinch-hit for in the ninth	True
Nolasco ( 10 - 4 ) won his fifth straight decision , holding San Diego to one run and five hits in eight innings . He struck out seven and walked none . Nolasco might have gotten his first career complete game , but was pinch-hit for in the ninth when the Marlins tried to add an insurance run . The Marlins had a runner on first	False
Nolasco might have gotten his first career complete game , but was pinch-hit for in the ninth when the Marlins tried to add an insurance run . The Marlins had a runner on first and two outs when his spot came up . The Marlins did n't score . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 22 chances . Hanley Ramirez of the Marlins doubled in the sixth	True
Hanley Ramirez of the Marlins doubled in the sixth to extend his hitting streak to a career-high 14 games . Gonzalez was ejected by Joe West after the umpires took a run off the board in the seventh	True
Hanley Ramirez of the Marlins doubled in the sixth to extend his hitting streak to a career-high 14 games . Gonzalez was ejected by Joe West after the umpires took a run off the board in the seventh . With two outs , Alfredo Amezaga on first	False
Hanley Ramirez of the Marlins doubled in the sixth to extend his hitting streak to a career-high 14 games . Gonzalez was ejected by Joe West after the umpires took a run off the board in the seventh . With two outs , Alfredo Amezaga on first and the Marlins leading 2 - 1 , Ramirez hit a line drive past third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff down the left field line . After jumping out of the way of the ball , third base umpire Chris Guccione ruled it fair . The ball caromed off the wall and into left field , with Amezaga scoring from first	False
Hanley Ramirez of the Marlins doubled in the sixth to extend his hitting streak to a career-high 14 games . Gonzalez was ejected by Joe West after the umpires took a run off the board in the seventh . With two outs , Alfredo Amezaga on first and the Marlins leading 2 - 1 , Ramirez hit a line drive past third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff down the left field line . After jumping out of the way of the ball , third base umpire Chris Guccione ruled it fair . The ball caromed off the wall and into left field , with Amezaga scoring from first and Ramirez pulling into second	False
Padres manager Bud Black came out to argue with Guccione , who then huddled with the other three umps . After a few minutes , they ruled it a foul ball . Gonzalez came out to argue , but had n't even reached the third base line when West , the crew chief and second base umpire , held up his hand as if he did n't want to hear from the manager . A few seconds later , West threw him out . Ramirez then grounded out to third	False
Ramirez then grounded out to third to end the inning . Cantu homered to left with one out in the fourth	True
Cantu homered to left with one out in the fourth , his 16th . Luis Gonzalez was aboard on a fielder 's choice . San Diego pulled to 2 - 1 when rookie Chase Headley hit a towering homer to right on Nolasco 's first pitch of the fifth	True
Cantu homered to left with one out in the fourth , his 16th . Luis Gonzalez was aboard on a fielder 's choice . San Diego pulled to 2 - 1 when rookie Chase Headley hit a towering homer to right on Nolasco 's first pitch of the fifth . It was Headley 's fifth	False
San Diego pulled to 2 - 1 when rookie Chase Headley hit a towering homer to right on Nolasco 's first pitch of the fifth . It was Headley 's fifth . The Marlins made it 3 - 1 in the eighth	False
The four - game winning streak is Cincinnati 's second-longest of the season . Right-hander Collin Balester ( 1 - 1 ) ran into problems the second time through Cincinnati 's batting order . The 21-year-old rookie made his second start in the majors and retired the first 11 batters . Griffey walked with two outs in the fourth	True
There were plenty of bad decisions and bad choices on both sides . David Ross doubled home the tiebreaking run in the fifth	True
David Ross doubled home the tiebreaking run in the fifth , and first baseman Dmitri Young misplayed Volquez 's sacrifice bunt for an error that set up another run . Catcher Paul Lo Duca moved to first base for the eighth inning and had an error that led to Jerry Hairston Jr. 's run-scoring single for a 6 - 3 lead . Francisco Cordero got his 18th save in 22 chances despite giving up RBI singles by Cristian Guzman and Austin Kearns in the ninth	True
Wells , who missed 25 games after fracturing his left wrist while making a diving catch May 9 at Cleveland , is in the first season of a seven - year , $ 126-million deal . He 's coming off a sub-par season in which he batted a career-worst .245 , but he does n't feel the need to live up to the big contract . Roy Halladay ( 10 - 6 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and recorded only three of his outs on flyballs to the outfield . The 2003 AL Cy Young Award winner allowed only one runner past first base after giving up a two - run homer to Vladimir Guerrero in the fourth	True
Alex Rios went 3 - for - 5 with two RBIs and three stolen bases for the Blue Jays . The AL West-leading Angels committed four errors , matching their season high on June 20 at Philadelphia . Guerrero had three RBIs , including a run-scoring double in the eighth	True
Alex Rios went 3 - for - 5 with two RBIs and three stolen bases for the Blue Jays . The AL West-leading Angels committed four errors , matching their season high on June 20 at Philadelphia . Guerrero had three RBIs , including a run-scoring double in the eighth against Scott Downs . Closer B. J. Ryan , pitching for the first time in five days , came on in the ninth	True
John Lackey ( 6 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- over six innings with seven strikeouts . The right-hander yielded more than three runs for the first time in 10 starts after missing the first 1 months of the season with a strained biceps . Guerrero ended a 10-game home run drought with his 14th	False
John Lackey ( 6 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- five earned -- over six innings with seven strikeouts . The right-hander yielded more than three runs for the first time in 10 starts after missing the first 1 months of the season with a strained biceps . Guerrero ended a 10-game home run drought with his 14th of the season after a single by Kotchman , trimming Toronto 's lead to 3 - 2 . The homer , which came on a pitch about a foot off the ground , was Guerrero 's first	False
Guerrero ended a 10-game home run drought with his 14th of the season after a single by Kotchman , trimming Toronto 's lead to 3 - 2 . The homer , which came on a pitch about a foot off the ground , was Guerrero 's first at Angel Stadium since June 11 . Wells restored Toronto 's three - run margin with a two - run shot for his ninth	False
Wells restored Toronto 's three - run margin with a two - run shot for his ninth of the season after a double by Marco Scutaro . The homer was Wells ' first	False
The homer was Wells ' first in 21 career at-bats against Lackey to that point . After striking out the side in the second inning , Lackey gave up three runs in the third	True
After striking out the side in the second inning , Lackey gave up three runs in the third . Rios drove in two with a bases-loaded single on a 2 - 2 pitch , and Scutaro scored when Wells ' grounder got through third baseman Figgins for an error . Lyle Overbay led off the sixth	True
After striking out the side in the second inning , Lackey gave up three runs in the third . Rios drove in two with a bases-loaded single on a 2 - 2 pitch , and Scutaro scored when Wells ' grounder got through third baseman Figgins for an error . Lyle Overbay led off the sixth with a double and scored Toronto 's sixth run on a fielder 's choice grounder to second	False
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- After Cole Hamels fell one out shy of his bid for a second shutout of the Braves this season , Phillies manager Charlie Manuel 's emphasis turned to protecting the young left-hander for the rest of the year . Hamels , who earned his first career shutout against the Braves on May 15 , gave up his only run with two outs in the ninth	True
The Braves hoped the return of Chipper Jones , Yunel Escobar and Mark Kotsay from injuries would boost their sagging offense . Martin Prado came off the disabled list to start at second base on Thursday night , but the reinforcements were of little help against Hamels ( 9 - 5 ) . He gave up only three hits through eight innings before a leadoff double to Jones in the ninth	True
The Braves hoped the return of Chipper Jones , Yunel Escobar and Mark Kotsay from injuries would boost their sagging offense . Martin Prado came off the disabled list to start at second base on Thursday night , but the reinforcements were of little help against Hamels ( 9 - 5 ) . He gave up only three hits through eight innings before a leadoff double to Jones in the ninth . Hamels still had n't allowed a baserunner to reach third	False
Utley hit his team-leading 24th homer off Jair Jurrjens ( 8 - 4 ) in the first inning , ending Jurrjens ' streak of 24 1/3 innings without allowing an earned run . Jurrjens also gave up homers to Howard in the sixth	True
Utley hit his team-leading 24th homer off Jair Jurrjens ( 8 - 4 ) in the first inning , ending Jurrjens ' streak of 24 1/3 innings without allowing an earned run . Jurrjens also gave up homers to Howard in the sixth and Feliz in the seventh	True
Jurrjens also gave up homers to Howard in the sixth and Feliz in the seventh . Howard 's second homer in two games was an opposite-field shot to left . The Phillies added another run in the fourth	True
The Twins have outscored the Tigers 39 - 17 in six games at the Metrodome this year , winning five . Blackburn ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . Jesse Crain allowed two hits in the eighth	True
The Twins have outscored the Tigers 39 - 17 in six games at the Metrodome this year , winning five . Blackburn ( 7 - 4 ) allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . Jesse Crain allowed two hits in the eighth , and Boof Bonser pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
The third-inning rally featured five singles , a walk and an error by third baseman Carlos Guillen . Nick Punto walked opening the third	True
Even cleanup hitter Justin Morneau , one of just two Twins with more than five home runs , got in on the small-ball action , chopping an offspeed pitch off the plate that Guillen bobbled . That made three of Eddie Bonine 's five runs unearned . Bonine , making just his fourth career start , was taken out with the bases loaded in the third	True
Blackburn bounced back after one of the worst starts of his career , when he gave up six runs and four homers last Friday in a no-decision against Milwaukee . He has given up four or more earned runs in five starts this year , and he is 5 - 0 with a 1.82 ERA in the starts directly after . Punto made the play of the game with two outs in the top of the third	True
Blackburn bounced back after one of the worst starts of his career , when he gave up six runs and four homers last Friday in a no-decision against Milwaukee . He has given up four or more earned runs in five starts this year , and he is 5 - 0 with a 1.82 ERA in the starts directly after . Punto made the play of the game with two outs in the top of the third , diving to stop Placido Polanco 's grounder up the middle , with Clete Thomas on third	False
Blackburn bounced back after one of the worst starts of his career , when he gave up six runs and four homers last Friday in a no-decision against Milwaukee . He has given up four or more earned runs in five starts this year , and he is 5 - 0 with a 1.82 ERA in the starts directly after . Punto made the play of the game with two outs in the top of the third , diving to stop Placido Polanco 's grounder up the middle , with Clete Thomas on third and Curtis Granderson on first	False
Punto made the play of the game with two outs in the top of the third , diving to stop Placido Polanco 's grounder up the middle , with Clete Thomas on third and Curtis Granderson on first . Without enough time to grab the ball from his glove and make a backhand flip , Punto instead used his glove to fling a grounder to second base . Alexi Casilla also had to lunge to field the ball and was able to keep a foot on second	False
Punto made the play of the game with two outs in the top of the third , diving to stop Placido Polanco 's grounder up the middle , with Clete Thomas on third and Curtis Granderson on first . Without enough time to grab the ball from his glove and make a backhand flip , Punto instead used his glove to fling a grounder to second base . Alexi Casilla also had to lunge to field the ball and was able to keep a foot on second , beating the speedy Granderson by a split second	False
This type of attention he 'll take . Masa Kobayashi ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
This type of attention he 'll take . Masa Kobayashi ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth before Pierzynski drove the first pitch of the 10th	True
Masa Kobayashi ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth before Pierzynski drove the first pitch of the 10th out to left-center for his seventh homer . Teammates mobbed Pierzynski as he crossed the plate . Adam Russell ( 2 - 0 ) worked the 10th	True
Masa Kobayashi ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth before Pierzynski drove the first pitch of the 10th out to left-center for his seventh homer . Teammates mobbed Pierzynski as he crossed the plate . Adam Russell ( 2 - 0 ) worked the 10th for his second win in as many nights and the second	False
The last-place Indians have lost five straight and are 12 1/2 games back of the White Sox in the AL Central . They could look to deal Sabathia if they continue to lag behind in the division , with the big left-hander eligible for free agency at the end of the season . Grady Sizemore hit two solo homers for Cleveland , tying it at 5 with a drive off Scott Linebrink in the ninth	True
Grady Sizemore hit two solo homers for Cleveland , tying it at 5 with a drive off Scott Linebrink in the ninth . Pierzynski and Jermaine Dye went deep in the first inning and Nick Swisher singled in a run in the second	True
Pierzynski and Jermaine Dye went deep in the first inning and Nick Swisher singled in a run in the second to give Chicago a 3 - 2 lead . Sizemore walked and scored on Jamey Carroll 's triple in the fifth	True
Pierzynski and Jermaine Dye went deep in the first inning and Nick Swisher singled in a run in the second to give Chicago a 3 - 2 lead . Sizemore walked and scored on Jamey Carroll 's triple in the fifth and connected in the sixth	True
Pierzynski and Jermaine Dye went deep in the first inning and Nick Swisher singled in a run in the second to give Chicago a 3 - 2 lead . Sizemore walked and scored on Jamey Carroll 's triple in the fifth and connected in the sixth to put the Indians ahead , but Sabathia ran into trouble in the seventh	True
Sizemore walked and scored on Jamey Carroll 's triple in the fifth and connected in the sixth to put the Indians ahead , but Sabathia ran into trouble in the seventh . Pablo Ozuna led off the inning with a grounder to third baseman Casey Blake , whose wild throw allowed Ozuna to reach second	False
Pablo Ozuna led off the inning with a grounder to third baseman Casey Blake , whose wild throw allowed Ozuna to reach second . Alexei Ramirez lined a one - out infield single off Blake 's glove and Brian Anderson followed with a two - run double to left-center . Nick Masset was in line for his first win after pitching a scoreless seventh	True
Pablo Ozuna led off the inning with a grounder to third baseman Casey Blake , whose wild throw allowed Ozuna to reach second . Alexei Ramirez lined a one - out infield single off Blake 's glove and Brian Anderson followed with a two - run double to left-center . Nick Masset was in line for his first win after pitching a scoreless seventh , but with closer Bobby Jenks getting the night off because of soreness in his left side , the White Sox turned to Linebrink in the ninth	True
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Matt Cain had been thinking a lot about this outing and how much he needed to bounce back with a great start . Then he went out and pitched one of his best games yet in 2008 . Cain struck out 10 in eight shutout innings , third baseman Jose Castillo made a great diving stop in the eighth	True
Cain struck out 10 in eight shutout innings , third baseman Jose Castillo made a great diving stop in the eighth to save a hit and the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fred Lewis stole home , scored both runs and had the first two hits against Chicago starter Jason Marquis to help Cain 's winning cause . The Giants went ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
Cain struck out 10 in eight shutout innings , third baseman Jose Castillo made a great diving stop in the eighth to save a hit and the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fred Lewis stole home , scored both runs and had the first two hits against Chicago starter Jason Marquis to help Cain 's winning cause . The Giants went ahead 1 - 0 in the first when Lewis scored on a double steal in which Randy Winn stole second	False
Fred Lewis stole home , scored both runs and had the first two hits against Chicago starter Jason Marquis to help Cain 's winning cause . The Giants went ahead 1 - 0 in the first when Lewis scored on a double steal in which Randy Winn stole second , and San Francisco bounced back to end a three - game home losing streak after the Cubs took the series opener 9 - 2 on Monday night . Manager Bruce Bochy stuck with Cain ( 5 - 6 ) in the eighth even with his pitch count already over 100 , and Cain matched his season high with eight innings in his team-leading 18th start . He allowed a single to No . 3 hitter Derrek Lee in the first	True
Fred Lewis stole home , scored both runs and had the first two hits against Chicago starter Jason Marquis to help Cain 's winning cause . The Giants went ahead 1 - 0 in the first when Lewis scored on a double steal in which Randy Winn stole second , and San Francisco bounced back to end a three - game home losing streak after the Cubs took the series opener 9 - 2 on Monday night . Manager Bruce Bochy stuck with Cain ( 5 - 6 ) in the eighth even with his pitch count already over 100 , and Cain matched his season high with eight innings in his team-leading 18th start . He allowed a single to No . 3 hitter Derrek Lee in the first and did n't surrender another hit until Daryle Ward doubled to start the seventh	True
Manager Bruce Bochy stuck with Cain ( 5 - 6 ) in the eighth even with his pitch count already over 100 , and Cain matched his season high with eight innings in his team-leading 18th start . He allowed a single to No . 3 hitter Derrek Lee in the first and did n't surrender another hit until Daryle Ward doubled to start the seventh . Cain , who had lost two of last three outings and three of five , put his strikeout total over 100 with his second 10-strikeout performance of the year and sixth	False
Cain , who had lost two of last three outings and three of five , put his strikeout total over 100 with his second 10-strikeout performance of the year and sixth of his career . Cain , Tim Lincecum and Jonathan Sanchez each have 100-plus Ks , the first time in San Francisco history three pitchers have reached the mark before the All-Star break . Cain allowed two hits and walked three in an efficient 114-pitch performance . Castillo ended the eighth	True
Cain , who had lost two of last three outings and three of five , put his strikeout total over 100 with his second 10-strikeout performance of the year and sixth of his career . Cain , Tim Lincecum and Jonathan Sanchez each have 100-plus Ks , the first time in San Francisco history three pitchers have reached the mark before the All-Star break . Cain allowed two hits and walked three in an efficient 114-pitch performance . Castillo ended the eighth by diving to his left to stop Mark DeRosa 's hard-hit ball and then firing to first	False
DeRosa went 0 - for - 4 a night after hitting a grand slam and a two - run homer to match his career high of six RBIs . Brian Wilson recorded the final three outs for his National League-leading 23rd save in 25 opportunities , but not before allowing Lee 's leadoff triple in the ninth	True
DeRosa went 0 - for - 4 a night after hitting a grand slam and a two - run homer to match his career high of six RBIs . Brian Wilson recorded the final three outs for his National League-leading 23rd save in 25 opportunities , but not before allowing Lee 's leadoff triple in the ninth and Geovany Soto 's RBI single two batters later . Lee was the first Cubs baserunner to reach third	True
Marquis ( 6 - 5 ) was n't bad himself over seven strong innings . The right-hander had his four - start winning streak snapped in his previous outing June 26 against Baltimore , but pitched well enough to win in this one . He allowed a leadoff single in the first	True
Marquis ( 6 - 5 ) was n't bad himself over seven strong innings . The right-hander had his four - start winning streak snapped in his previous outing June 26 against Baltimore , but pitched well enough to win in this one . He allowed a leadoff single in the first to Lewis but not another hit until Lewis doubled to start the sixth	True
Hardy , who is 12 - for - 29 ( .414 ) on Milwaukee 's 10-game road trip , has been hot since resting his sore left shoulder . Hardy had no trouble extending against Johnson , whom he touched for a two - run homer in the first	True
Hardy , who is 12 - for - 29 ( .414 ) on Milwaukee 's 10-game road trip , has been hot since resting his sore left shoulder . Hardy had no trouble extending against Johnson , whom he touched for a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the second	True
Hardy , who is 12 - for - 29 ( .414 ) on Milwaukee 's 10-game road trip , has been hot since resting his sore left shoulder . Hardy had no trouble extending against Johnson , whom he touched for a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the second , his seventh	False
After Dillon led off the game with a walk , Hardy hit an 0 - 1 pitch 405 feet into the seats high above center field . Then Rivera singled to give the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead . Arizona got a run back in the first	True
Arizona got a run back in the first on Jackson 's two - out single . The Brewers stepped up their assault on Johnson in the second	True
Hardy followed with a 384-foot shot into the bleachers in left to put Milwaukee up 6 - 1 . Manager Bob Melvin lifted Johnson after Corey Hart 's RBI single made it 7 - 1 in the fourth	True
Johnson left to a smattering of applause and flipped his glove to a youngster sitting in the first row behind the dugout . Arizona closed within 7 - 5 on Jackson 's two - run homer in the fifth	True
Arizona closed within 7 - 5 on Jackson 's two - run homer in the fifth . The Diamondbacks could n't come any closer on a night the Brewers turned in three superb fielding plays . Two were by third baseman Bill Hall and the other by reserve first baseman Mike Rivera , who turned a diving snag into an unassisted double play to thwart an Arizona threat in the eighth	True
Six hours later , Manuel could still manage a rueful smile after Aaron Heilman issued a bases-loaded walk to Josh Willingham in the ninth inning , giving the Florida Marlins a 4 - 3 victory . Mike Pelfrey departed after 6 2/3 innings with a 3 - 2 lead , and for the Mets ' woeful relief corps , that cushion was n't enough . The bullpen is second	False
Mike Pelfrey departed after 6 2/3 innings with a 3 - 2 lead , and for the Mets ' woeful relief corps , that cushion was n't enough . The bullpen is second in the NL with 24 blown saves and has blown 11 of 26 save opportunities since the All-Star break . Duaner Sanchez gave up a tying homer to Mike Jacobs in the eighth	True
Mike Pelfrey departed after 6 2/3 innings with a 3 - 2 lead , and for the Mets ' woeful relief corps , that cushion was n't enough . The bullpen is second in the NL with 24 blown saves and has blown 11 of 26 save opportunities since the All-Star break . Duaner Sanchez gave up a tying homer to Mike Jacobs in the eighth , and Heilman lost without allowing a hit in the ninth	True
The Marlins closed to within six games and avoided slipping to .500 for the first time since they were 3 - 3 . On Sunday , they 'll try for their first two - game winning streak this month . Heilman ( 3 - 8 ) started the ninth	True
The Marlins closed to within six games and avoided slipping to .500 for the first time since they were 3 - 3 . On Sunday , they 'll try for their first two - game winning streak this month . Heilman ( 3 - 8 ) started the ninth by walking Hanley Ramirez , who advanced on a sacrifice and took third	False
Heilman said he was trying to get Willingham to hit a 1 - 2 - 2 double-play grounder . Pelfrey was seeking his third consecutive complete game but left after throwing 116 pitches . Sanchez struck out Cantu to end the seventh	True
Heilman said he was trying to get Willingham to hit a 1 - 2 - 2 double-play grounder . Pelfrey was seeking his third consecutive complete game but left after throwing 116 pitches . Sanchez struck out Cantu to end the seventh , then gave up Jacobs ' 27th homer leading off the eighth	True
Sanchez said the relievers are frustrated by their collective struggles . Matt Lindstrom ( 2 - 2 ) retired Damion Easley and Jose Reyes with a runner on second	False
Sanchez said the relievers are frustrated by their collective struggles . Matt Lindstrom ( 2 - 2 ) retired Damion Easley and Jose Reyes with a runner on second to end the top of the ninth	True
No punches were thrown , and no one was ejected . Ross said he was angry because Pelfrey hit him in the back three weeks ago . But not until the Mets built a 3 - 0 lead . Luis Castillo singled and David Wright homered in the first	True
No punches were thrown , and no one was ejected . Ross said he was angry because Pelfrey hit him in the back three weeks ago . But not until the Mets built a 3 - 0 lead . Luis Castillo singled and David Wright homered in the first . Reyes hit his 17th triple in the third	True
But not until the Mets built a 3 - 0 lead . Luis Castillo singled and David Wright homered in the first . Reyes hit his 17th triple in the third and came home on Castillo 's single . Pelfrey had been 0 - 3 with a 10.66 ERA in three starts this season against the Marlins , but they failed to score against him until the sixth	True
Pelfrey had been 0 - 3 with a 10.66 ERA in three starts this season against the Marlins , but they failed to score against him until the sixth . After he retired the first two batters in the inning , Cantu and Jacobs singled , Willingham walked and Dan Uggla hit a two - run single . In the seventh	True
Pedroia took over the AL lead with a .327 batting average . And he did it from the cleanup spot , the first time last year 's rookie of the year batted there in the majors . Kevin Youkilis , who usually hits fourth	False
Pedroia went 4 - for - 4 , scored three times , swiped two bases and walked in Boston 's 8 - 0 win Friday night . He had a double and three singles again Saturday . Guillen had seen enough by the time Pedroia came up in the eighth	True
Pedroia went 4 - for - 4 , scored three times , swiped two bases and walked in Boston 's 8 - 0 win Friday night . He had a double and three singles again Saturday . Guillen had seen enough by the time Pedroia came up in the eighth with David Ortiz on third	False
Mark Buehrle ( 11 - 11 ) gave up hits to four of Boston 's first six batters -- the same number he allowed the Red Sox in seven innings in Chicago 's 6 - 3 win on Aug. 8 . Ellsbury doubled and took third	False
Mark Buehrle ( 11 - 11 ) gave up hits to four of Boston 's first six batters -- the same number he allowed the Red Sox in seven innings in Chicago 's 6 - 3 win on Aug. 8 . Ellsbury doubled and took third on Pedroia 's single in the first	True
Ellsbury doubled and took third on Pedroia 's single in the first . A ground-rule double by Kotsay drove in one run and another one by Jason Bay drove in two more . Alexei Ramirez doubled in Jermaine Dye in the second	True
Alexei Ramirez doubled in Jermaine Dye in the second to cut it to 3 - 1 but the Red Sox pushed across two runs in the bottom half on Bailey 's second career homer , Ellsbury 's triple and Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . Joe Crede started the third	True
Joe Crede started the third with a triple that bounced off Ellsbury 's glove as he leaped high against the center-field wall . He scored on A. J. Pierzynski 's groundout . Buehrle retired seven straight batters before running into trouble again with one out in the fifth	True
Buehrle retired seven straight batters before running into trouble again with one out in the fifth . Ortiz beat out a grounder up the middle for a single and took third	False
The Brewers , looking to make the playoffs for the first time in 26 years , have won six of seven games and improved to 9 - 1 this season against the last-place Pirates . After Rickie Weeks singled and J. J. Hardy walked in the first	True
Nate McLouth homered and had two hits for the Pirates , who have lost 12 of 14 games . Bush , who won for the first time in five career starts at PNC Park , allowed six hits . Salomon Torres pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Still , the right-hander had to work out of some trouble in the early innings . Pittsburgh put two runners on base in the second	True
Still , the right-hander had to work out of some trouble in the early innings . Pittsburgh put two runners on base in the second , loaded the bases in the third thanks to a pair of Milwaukee errors and put two more on in the fourth	True
Pittsburgh put two runners on base in the second , loaded the bases in the third thanks to a pair of Milwaukee errors and put two more on in the fourth , but failed to score a run . The Pirates stranded 11 runners . McLouth hit his 23rd home run of the season , and first since July 28 , in the fifth	True
Pittsburgh put two runners on base in the second , loaded the bases in the third thanks to a pair of Milwaukee errors and put two more on in the fourth , but failed to score a run . The Pirates stranded 11 runners . McLouth hit his 23rd home run of the season , and first since July 28 , in the fifth to make it 3 - 1 . The Pirates center fielder also walked in the third	True
Pittsburgh put two runners on base in the second , loaded the bases in the third thanks to a pair of Milwaukee errors and put two more on in the fourth , but failed to score a run . The Pirates stranded 11 runners . McLouth hit his 23rd home run of the season , and first since July 28 , in the fifth to make it 3 - 1 . The Pirates center fielder also walked in the third and singled in the seventh	True
Lincecum ( 15 - 3 ) struck out 10 to boost his majors-leading strikeout total to 210 and he owns the 10th highest season strikeout total in San Francisco history . Lincecum lowered his ERA from 2.48 to 2.43 , tied for best in the big leagues with Cleveland 's Cliff Lee . Lee and Lincecum both have allowed 50 earned runs in 185 1/3 innings . The crowd at the Giants ' waterfront ballpark roared in delight when Lincecum came out to start the eighth	True
Lincecum won three straight starts for the first time since April and won his fourth consecutive decision , improving to 13 - 2 in 22 starts following San Francisco losses . Lincecum allowed five hits and walked three in 7 2/3 innings . The 24-year-old right-hander struck out the side in order in the third	True
Lincecum won three straight starts for the first time since April and won his fourth consecutive decision , improving to 13 - 2 in 22 starts following San Francisco losses . Lincecum allowed five hits and walked three in 7 2/3 innings . The 24-year-old right-hander struck out the side in order in the third , getting Holliday on a called third strike clocked at 96 mph . Lincecum had his seventh 10-strikeout game this season -- tied for third-most in San Francisco history -- and ninth	False
The 24-year-old right-hander struck out the side in order in the third , getting Holliday on a called third strike clocked at 96 mph . Lincecum had his seventh 10-strikeout game this season -- tied for third-most in San Francisco history -- and ninth of his career . After Jack Taschner allowed a single to Brad Hawpe , he was quickly replaced by closer Brian Wilson . Wilson got Garrett Atkins on a foul pop up to end the eighth	True
The 24-year-old right-hander struck out the side in order in the third , getting Holliday on a called third strike clocked at 96 mph . Lincecum had his seventh 10-strikeout game this season -- tied for third-most in San Francisco history -- and ninth of his career . After Jack Taschner allowed a single to Brad Hawpe , he was quickly replaced by closer Brian Wilson . Wilson got Garrett Atkins on a foul pop up to end the eighth , then worked the ninth	False
After Jack Taschner allowed a single to Brad Hawpe , he was quickly replaced by closer Brian Wilson . Wilson got Garrett Atkins on a foul pop up to end the eighth , then worked the ninth for his NL-best 36th save in 39 opportunities . The Giants scored two insurance runs in the eighth	True
The Giants scored two insurance runs in the eighth , one on an error . Troy Tulowitzki hit an RBI single in the second	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit an RBI single in the second for Colorado 's lone run . The Rockies missed a chance to pull within five games of NL West-leading Arizona . Dave Roberts tripled with one out in the sixth	True
Matt Garza and two relievers combined on a six - hitter and Carlos Pena homered to lead AL East-leading Tampa Bay past Toronto 1 - 0 Wednesday night . Garza ( 11 - 7 ) allowed six hits and three walks with five strikeouts over 7 2/3 innings for the Rays . Grant Balfour got the final out in the eighth	True
Matt Garza and two relievers combined on a six - hitter and Carlos Pena homered to lead AL East-leading Tampa Bay past Toronto 1 - 0 Wednesday night . Garza ( 11 - 7 ) allowed six hits and three walks with five strikeouts over 7 2/3 innings for the Rays . Grant Balfour got the final out in the eighth before Dan Wheeler pitched the ninth	True
Garza ( 11 - 7 ) allowed six hits and three walks with five strikeouts over 7 2/3 innings for the Rays . Grant Balfour got the final out in the eighth before Dan Wheeler pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances . Pena provided the scoring with a solo homer in the fourth	True
Garza ( 11 - 7 ) allowed six hits and three walks with five strikeouts over 7 2/3 innings for the Rays . Grant Balfour got the final out in the eighth before Dan Wheeler pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances . Pena provided the scoring with a solo homer in the fourth , his 27th of the season and sixth	False
Pena provided the scoring with a solo homer in the fourth , his 27th of the season and sixth over his past 13 games . Justin Ruggiano , who moved from right to left field to start the ninth	True
The Blue Jays got one hit , including a third-inning double by Joe Inglett , in each of the first four innings , but failed to score . Garza retired nine in a row after Lyle Overbay 's single with two outs in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays got one hit , including a third-inning double by Joe Inglett , in each of the first four innings , but failed to score . Garza retired nine in a row after Lyle Overbay 's single with two outs in the fourth . Matt Stairs ended the stretch with a two - out single in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays got one hit , including a third-inning double by Joe Inglett , in each of the first four innings , but failed to score . Garza retired nine in a row after Lyle Overbay 's single with two outs in the fourth . Matt Stairs ended the stretch with a two - out single in the seventh . After a single by Barajas put runners on first	False
The Blue Jays got one hit , including a third-inning double by Joe Inglett , in each of the first four innings , but failed to score . Garza retired nine in a row after Lyle Overbay 's single with two outs in the fourth . Matt Stairs ended the stretch with a two - out single in the seventh . After a single by Barajas put runners on first and second	False
Garza retired nine in a row after Lyle Overbay 's single with two outs in the fourth . Matt Stairs ended the stretch with a two - out single in the seventh . After a single by Barajas put runners on first and second , John McDonald popped out . Alex Rios and Vernon Wells drew two - out walks in the eighth	False
The Angels have n't won any of their last five series since sweeping the Yankees at home . They have a 15-game lead on the Texas Rangers , who come to Anaheim on Thursday night to begin a four - game set . Huston Street ( 4 - 5 ) retired all five batters he faced after coming on in the sixth	True
Huston Street ( 4 - 5 ) retired all five batters he faced after coming on in the sixth and striking out Mike Napoli with two men on . Rookie Brad Ziegler , who replaced Street as the Athletics ' closer , got five outs for his sixth save . The sidearming right-hander ended it by getting Juan Rivera to ground into a double play with runners at first	False
Huston Street ( 4 - 5 ) retired all five batters he faced after coming on in the sixth and striking out Mike Napoli with two men on . Rookie Brad Ziegler , who replaced Street as the Athletics ' closer , got five outs for his sixth save . The sidearming right-hander ended it by getting Juan Rivera to ground into a double play with runners at first and second	False
Rookie Brad Ziegler , who replaced Street as the Athletics ' closer , got five outs for his sixth save . The sidearming right-hander ended it by getting Juan Rivera to ground into a double play with runners at first and second after walking Robb Quinlan . Staked to a 6 - 0 lead through two innings in his in his fifth big league start , Oakland left-hander Gio Gonzalez failed to retire a batter in the fourth	True
Staked to a 6 - 0 lead through two innings in his in his fifth big league start , Oakland left-hander Gio Gonzalez failed to retire a batter in the fourth as the Angels made a game of it with a four - run rally . Gonzalez , who escaped a one - out bases-loaded jam in the second	True
Staked to a 6 - 0 lead through two innings in his in his fifth big league start , Oakland left-hander Gio Gonzalez failed to retire a batter in the fourth as the Angels made a game of it with a four - run rally . Gonzalez , who escaped a one - out bases-loaded jam in the second after walking three batters , hit Quinlan with a pitch to load them again in the fourth	True
Gonzalez , who escaped a one - out bases-loaded jam in the second after walking three batters , hit Quinlan with a pitch to load them again in the fourth with none out . Erick Aybar chased Gonzalez with a two - run single , Quinlan scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Gary Matthews Jr. , and Mark Teixeira 's RBI single against Alan Embree made it 6 - 4 . Angels second baseman Howie Kendrick came out after feeling tightness in his left hamstring advancing to second	False
Gonzalez , who escaped a one - out bases-loaded jam in the second after walking three batters , hit Quinlan with a pitch to load them again in the fourth with none out . Erick Aybar chased Gonzalez with a two - run single , Quinlan scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Gary Matthews Jr. , and Mark Teixeira 's RBI single against Alan Embree made it 6 - 4 . Angels second baseman Howie Kendrick came out after feeling tightness in his left hamstring advancing to second on Teixeira 's hit . Sean Rodriguez replaced him and struck out with two runners in scoring position in the fifth	True
Davis opened the game by beating out a single to Kendrick after his one - hopper to the right side of the mound deflected off Saunders ' bare hand . Scioscia and trainer Ned Bergert went out to check on him and decided to let Saunders stay in after a couple of warmup pitches . Scioscia and Saunders both insisted that had nothing to do with what transpired from there . Davis stole second	False
Davis opened the game by beating out a single to Kendrick after his one - hopper to the right side of the mound deflected off Saunders ' bare hand . Scioscia and trainer Ned Bergert went out to check on him and decided to let Saunders stay in after a couple of warmup pitches . Scioscia and Saunders both insisted that had nothing to do with what transpired from there . Davis stole second and scored on Brown 's single before the A 's blew it open with a five - run second inning . Eric Patterson singled home a run , Crosby added a two - run double and Brown chased Saunders with a two - run homer to left-center , his 13th	False
Cruz had three hits including a three - run homer in his season debut , and the Texas Rangers beat Kansas City 9 - 4 . Cruz , promoted from Triple-A Oklahoma earlier in the day , homered in the third	True
Last July 28 , Cruz was recalled from the minors and had two homers and five RBIs at Kansas City in his first game after being recalled from Oklahoma . Cruz doubled in the second	True
Last July 28 , Cruz was recalled from the minors and had two homers and five RBIs at Kansas City in his first game after being recalled from Oklahoma . Cruz doubled in the second and singled in the fifth	False
Milton Bradley , Michael Young and Joaquin Arias also had three hits and the Rangers had 19 , one shy of their season high . Every Rangers starter had at least one hit and six had at least two to help Texas win for the second time in eight games . Bradley drove in three runs , giving him a career-high 68 RBIs . Chris Davis led off the eighth	True
Meche is 0 - 4 against the Rangers since last beating them on April 28 , 2005 , while with Seattle . The Royals were down 5 - 3 after seven innings , but the Rangers sent eight men to the plate in a four - run eighth	True
The Royals were down 5 - 3 after seven innings , but the Rangers sent eight men to the plate in a four - run eighth , which included a run-producing single by Hamilton , bringing his RBI total to a major league-leading 116 . David DeJesus had three of Kansas City 's 10 hits , including a RBI single in the third	True
Coming off his first shutout in four years , Myers ( 7 - 10 ) ran his scoreless innings streak to 16 . He allowed nine hits , struck out eight and walked three . J. C. Romero worked the eighth	True
Dodgers starter Chad Billingsley ( 12 - 10 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings . Myers pitched out of jams all night . The toughest came in the seventh	True
Rollins snapped out of a long slump by going 3 - for - 3 with a walk and a hit by pitch , falling a homer short of the cycle . The reigning NL MVP entered 4 - for - 46 since calling Philadelphia fans `` front-runners '' in a television interview almost two weeks ago . Booed throughout the homestand , Rollins got a standing ovation from most of the crowd after he delivered a two - out , two - run single to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Booed throughout the homestand , Rollins got a standing ovation from most of the crowd after he delivered a two - out , two - run single to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the second . They were his first RBIs since Aug. 11 . Rollins lined a double to right leading off the fifth	True
Booed throughout the homestand , Rollins got a standing ovation from most of the crowd after he delivered a two - out , two - run single to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the second . They were his first RBIs since Aug. 11 . Rollins lined a double to right leading off the fifth , went to third	False
Rollins lined a double to right leading off the fifth , went to third on Chase Utley 's single and scored on Pat Burrell 's double-play grounder for a 3 - 0 lead . Jayson Werth had an RBI single off Chan Ho Park in the seventh	False
Rollins lined a double to right leading off the fifth , went to third on Chase Utley 's single and scored on Pat Burrell 's double-play grounder for a 3 - 0 lead . Jayson Werth had an RBI single off Chan Ho Park in the seventh . Werth scored from second base on Chris Coste 's bouncer to second	False
After a solo home run from Rob Bowen tied the game 3-all , Johjima stepped to the plate and hit a 2 - 1 pitch from Meyer over the left field wall to put Seattle back on top . Cairo went 2 - for - 3 , scored two runs and drove in two as he filled in at third	False
All three runs against Hernandez ( 8 - 8 ) came on homers , but he held Oakland to only one other hit while striking out seven to capture his first victory since beating Cleveland on July 18 . Roy Corcoran allowed two runners to reach base in the ninth	True
Roy Corcoran allowed two runners to reach base in the ninth , but J. J. Putz forced pinch-hitter Kurt Suzuki to flyout to right field to pick up his ninth save of the year . Hannahan hit two of the home runs off Hernandez , once in the first inning and again in the third	True
Meyer ( 0 - 2 ) went five innings and allowed four runs and three hits in his second start of the year . Saarloos allowed four runs in two innings of relief . Eric Patterson drove in a run in the seventh	True
TORONTO ( AP ) -- The Boston Red Sox warmed up for their final regular-season visit to Yankee Stadium with an extra-inning win over the Toronto Blue Jays . Jed Lowrie hit a solo homer in the 11th	True
Boston is off Monday before opening a three - game series Tuesday night in the Bronx . Coco Crisp also homered for Boston , which has won 11 of 16 on the road . Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 3 ) worked two scoreless innings and Manny Delcarmen closed it out for his second career save and first	False
Lowrie hit a one - out drive to right , his second big league homer , off right-hander Brandon League ( 0 - 2 ) , who had not allowed a run in his previous 12 appearances . Lowrie , playing third base , also threw out a runner at the plate on a sixth-inning relay . Vernon Wells put Toronto in front with a two - run homer in the first	True
Lowrie hit a one - out drive to right , his second big league homer , off right-hander Brandon League ( 0 - 2 ) , who had not allowed a run in his previous 12 appearances . Lowrie , playing third base , also threw out a runner at the plate on a sixth-inning relay . Vernon Wells put Toronto in front with a two - run homer in the first , his third homer in two games and team-leading 13th	False
Vernon Wells put Toronto in front with a two - run homer in the first , his third homer in two games and team-leading 13th . Boston moved in front with a four - run fourth	True
Francona saluted Ellsbury for staying in , knowing that J. D. Drew ( sore back ) was unavailable for the sixth straight game . Ellsbury could n't help when the next batter , Lyle Overbay , put one over the right-field wall for a solo homer , his 11th	False
Ellsbury could n't help when the next batter , Lyle Overbay , put one over the right-field wall for a solo homer , his 11th , cutting it to 4 - 3 . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 4 lead with two in the sixth	True
Ellsbury could n't help when the next batter , Lyle Overbay , put one over the right-field wall for a solo homer , his 11th , cutting it to 4 - 3 . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 4 lead with two in the sixth . Alex Rios led off with a single and scored on Wells ' double to left-center . Wells moved to third	False
Ellsbury could n't help when the next batter , Lyle Overbay , put one over the right-field wall for a solo homer , his 11th , cutting it to 4 - 3 . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 4 lead with two in the sixth . Alex Rios led off with a single and scored on Wells ' double to left-center . Wells moved to third on Lind 's grounder , Overbay struck out and Matt Stairs was intentionally walked to bring up Rod Barajas , who hit an RBI double down the third-base line . Stairs tried to score from first	False
The Blue Jays took a 5 - 4 lead with two in the sixth . Alex Rios led off with a single and scored on Wells ' double to left-center . Wells moved to third on Lind 's grounder , Overbay struck out and Matt Stairs was intentionally walked to bring up Rod Barajas , who hit an RBI double down the third-base line . Stairs tried to score from first but was thrown out at the plate on Lowrie 's relay . Toronto 's lead was short-lived . Crisp led off the seventh	True
The Blue Jays took a 5 - 4 lead with two in the sixth . Alex Rios led off with a single and scored on Wells ' double to left-center . Wells moved to third on Lind 's grounder , Overbay struck out and Matt Stairs was intentionally walked to bring up Rod Barajas , who hit an RBI double down the third-base line . Stairs tried to score from first but was thrown out at the plate on Lowrie 's relay . Toronto 's lead was short-lived . Crisp led off the seventh with a homer to right , his seventh	False
Toronto 's lead was short-lived . Crisp led off the seventh with a homer to right , his seventh , making it 5-all . Rios hit a deep drive to left off Papelbon in the 10th	False
Matsuzaka gave up two homers in a game for just the second time this season . The last time he allowed a home run away from Fenway Park was April 1 at Oakland , when Jack Cust hit a solo shot in Boston 's 2 - 1 win . Justin Masterson worked 1 1/3 innings and Hideki Okajima got two outs before Papelbon took over in the ninth	True
Brian Roberts , Melvin Mora and Aubrey Huff homered for Baltimore . Roberts , Huff and Jay Payton each had three hits , but the Orioles stranded 13 and went 2 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position . The game ended when Nick Markakis looked at a third strike from Rivera with a runner on third	False
Cano hit a solo shot that traveled an estimated 425 feet off Jamie Walker ( 1 - 2 ) , who has yielded nine homers in 31 1/3 innings this year . Edwar Ramirez ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one run in 1 1/3 innings , and Rivera , the sixth New York pitcher , got four outs to earn his 31st save -- the third	False
After getting 39 hits in the sweep , the Yankees packed their bags after a 4 - 2 swing through Toronto and Baltimore . Baltimore trailed 7 - 5 in the fifth	True
Successive homers by Mora and Huff put the Orioles ahead 2 - 0 in the first inning . Of the five times the Orioles have homered in consecutive at-bats this season , four have come against New York . Cabrera relinquished the lead in the second	True
Cabrera relinquished the lead in the second . After Cano doubled in a run , Damon hit a drive inside the right-field foul pole to make it 4 - 2 . New York went up 7 - 2 in the fourth	False
The way the year has gone for the Mets ' bullpen , it should n't have been surprising at all . Brad Ausmus led off the 10th	True
Brad Ausmus led off the 10th with his second homer of the year , Darin Erstad connected for his third three batters later and Houston rallied against New York 's unpredictable bullpen for a 6 - 4 win Sunday . While Aaron Heilman failed to hold a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh provided by Carlos Beltran 's two home runs , and Feliciano ( 2 - 4 ) , the Mets ' sixth pitcher , gave up both home runs in the 10th	True
While Aaron Heilman failed to hold a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh provided by Carlos Beltran 's two home runs , and Feliciano ( 2 - 4 ) , the Mets ' sixth pitcher , gave up both home runs in the 10th , Houston 's pen retired the 12 batters it faced to help the Astros improve to 3 - 3 on their seven - game road trip . Chris Sampson pitched two innings in relief of Randy Wolf , LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 0 ) worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
While Aaron Heilman failed to hold a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh provided by Carlos Beltran 's two home runs , and Feliciano ( 2 - 4 ) , the Mets ' sixth pitcher , gave up both home runs in the 10th , Houston 's pen retired the 12 batters it faced to help the Astros improve to 3 - 3 on their seven - game road trip . Chris Sampson pitched two innings in relief of Randy Wolf , LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 0 ) worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth and Jose Valverde was perfect in the 10th	True
Hunter Pence hit a two - run shot , but much of this win could be attributed to the substitutes , who 've been pushed into bigger roles with Carlos Lee and Kaz Matsui out with injuries and slugger Lance Berkman playing sore . Second baseman Mark Loretta made an elastic catch to end an early bases-loaded threat and had a sacrifice fly . Pinch-hitter David Newhan drove in pinch-hitter Geoff Blum to tie it at 4 in the seventh	True
Second baseman Mark Loretta made an elastic catch to end an early bases-loaded threat and had a sacrifice fly . Pinch-hitter David Newhan drove in pinch-hitter Geoff Blum to tie it at 4 in the seventh . Ausmus entered as a defensive replacement and homered in his one at-bat . And Erstad was playing first base because Berkman was given the day off after a night game to rest his sore left hamstring and a jammed thumb , although he batted in the 10th	True
The NL East-leading Mets lost consecutive games for the first time since Aug. 10 - 11 . Manuel turned to his relievers after Oliver Perez walked Pence with one out in the seventh	True
Beltran gave New York a 4 - 3 lead with his second homer of the game , a drive off the screen attached to the left-field foul pole . Beltran , a switch-hitter , had hit just two of his 17 homers from the right side before connecting as a righty twice against Wolf . It was Beltran 's 24th career multihomer game and second	False
It was Beltran 's 24th career multihomer game and second this season . Beltran 's first homer came after David Wright walked in the first	True
Beltran 's first homer came after David Wright walked in the first . Jose Reyes singled leading off but was thrown out at second trying to tag up on a fly to left-center . Wolf got help from his defense in the third	True
Wolf got help from his defense in the third , too . After Tatis walked with the bases loaded to make it 3 - 0 , second baseman Loretta made a diving catch of a flair hit by Damion Easley near the line in shallow right , sliding on his belly and holding his glove up , with plenty of ball showing , to end the threat . Loretta then hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Wolf got help from his defense in the third , too . After Tatis walked with the bases loaded to make it 3 - 0 , second baseman Loretta made a diving catch of a flair hit by Damion Easley near the line in shallow right , sliding on his belly and holding his glove up , with plenty of ball showing , to end the threat . Loretta then hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth , and Pence , who came in hitting .190 ( 15 - for - 79 ) in August and looked lost striking out in the second	True
Mike Gonzalez got four outs for his sixth save , securing Atlanta 's second victory in 13 games . It came after Friday 's 18 - 3 drubbing -- the first time in five years that the Braves gave up as many as 18 runs . Rain delayed this one for 49 minutes in the top of the ninth	True
Johnson saw 14 pitches from reliever Russ Springer , fouling off eight consecutive 3 - 2 deliveries before drawing a bases-loaded walk . Francoeur then singled up the middle to drive in the final two runs , making it 8 - 4 . That all came after Martin Prado turned what could have been a simple groundout to second	False
That all came after Martin Prado turned what could have been a simple groundout to second into an infield single by hustling . Cardinals second baseman Felipe Lopez said he was n't sure if Prado was safe , but the play developed slowly because he had to wait for Pujols to cover first	False
Cardinals second baseman Felipe Lopez said he was n't sure if Prado was safe , but the play developed slowly because he had to wait for Pujols to cover first . Lopez double pumped before tossing to Pujols . Kyle McClellan ( 2 - 6 ) walked Johnson in the eighth	True
Cardinals second baseman Felipe Lopez said he was n't sure if Prado was safe , but the play developed slowly because he had to wait for Pujols to cover first . Lopez double pumped before tossing to Pujols . Kyle McClellan ( 2 - 6 ) walked Johnson in the eighth and a wild pitch put runners at second	False
Cardinals second baseman Felipe Lopez said he was n't sure if Prado was safe , but the play developed slowly because he had to wait for Pujols to cover first . Lopez double pumped before tossing to Pujols . Kyle McClellan ( 2 - 6 ) walked Johnson in the eighth and a wild pitch put runners at second and third	False
Lopez hit an RBI double in the bottom half to cut it to 5 - 4 . Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Prado 's two - run single off Lohse tied the score at 3 in the sixth	True
Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Prado 's two - run single off Lohse tied the score at 3 in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run double in the third	True
Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Prado 's two - run single off Lohse tied the score at 3 in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run double in the third and added a solo homer in the fifth	False
The home run was Pujols ' seventh hit in seven consecutive at-bats over a three - game span . He walked once Friday in four plate appearances . Left fielder Gregor Blanco ended the streak with a diving catch to end the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks maintained a two - game lead over Los Angeles in the NL West but missed a chance to stretch the lead to three games after the Dodgers lost in Philadelphia . Arizona 's Stephen Drew hit a tying RBI single in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks maintained a two - game lead over Los Angeles in the NL West but missed a chance to stretch the lead to three games after the Dodgers lost in Philadelphia . Arizona 's Stephen Drew hit a tying RBI single in the seventh and Chris Young added an RBI double off the wall in left to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . That would have put Johnson in the win column , but the Marlins struck when Jon Rauch ( 0 - 2 ) replaced Johnson in the eighth	True
Indeed , it was exactly the kind of situation made for replay . Perhaps because they won , the Marlins did n't complain much . The ruling was a triple , and Willingham scored easily when Helms drove the ball deep into left for a sacrifice fly . Florida led 5 - 4 after one more pitch , when Ross , who hit a two - out RBI double in the fourth	True
Rauch left a few sliders over the plate . Arizona threatened in the bottom of the eighth	True
Arizona threatened in the bottom of the eighth . Miguel Montero and Augie Ojeda each hit one - out singles , but pinch-hitter Alex Romero lined a shot off the pitcher 's mound that second baseman Dan Uggla flipped to begin a double play . Arthur Rhodes ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh	True
Arizona threatened in the bottom of the eighth . Miguel Montero and Augie Ojeda each hit one - out singles , but pinch-hitter Alex Romero lined a shot off the pitcher 's mound that second baseman Dan Uggla flipped to begin a double play . Arthur Rhodes ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh to earn the win , his first	False
Arizona threatened in the bottom of the eighth . Miguel Montero and Augie Ojeda each hit one - out singles , but pinch-hitter Alex Romero lined a shot off the pitcher 's mound that second baseman Dan Uggla flipped to begin a double play . Arthur Rhodes ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh to earn the win , his first in the NL after a July 31 trade from Seattle . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Four days after Emmanuel Burriss ' costly baserunning gaffe , the San Francisco Giants rookie tried his luck again . This time it paid off . Burriss moved from second base to third	False
Burriss moved from second base to third on a routine fly ball to left , then scored the winning run on a wild pitch in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Giants a 4 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins 4 - 3 on Thursday . During a Giants loss at Atlanta on Sunday , Burriss was cut down trying to steal third	False
Burriss moved from second base to third on a routine fly ball to left , then scored the winning run on a wild pitch in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Giants a 4 - 3 victory over the Florida Marlins 4 - 3 on Thursday . During a Giants loss at Atlanta on Sunday , Burriss was cut down trying to steal third after hitting a one - out double in the first	True
Burriss got the point . He drew a one - out walk off Marlins closer Kevin Gregg to start the winning rally , stole second	False
Burriss got the point . He drew a one - out walk off Marlins closer Kevin Gregg to start the winning rally , stole second , and took third	False
He drew a one - out walk off Marlins closer Kevin Gregg to start the winning rally , stole second , and took third on Randy Winn 's fly out to left . After pinch-hitter Bengie Molina was intentionally walked , Gregg 's second pitch to Fred Lewis skipped past catcher John Baker , allowing Burriss to score standing up . Brian Wilson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
After struggling at home for most of the season , San Francisco won for the sixth time in nine games at the club 's waterfront ballpark . Dan Uggla hit his 27th home run for Florida in the second	True
After struggling at home for most of the season , San Francisco won for the sixth time in nine games at the club 's waterfront ballpark . Dan Uggla hit his 27th home run for Florida in the second but cost the Marlins another run when he ran through the stop sign of third base coach Bo Porter . He was thrown out easily at the plate while trying to score on Josh Willingham 's double in the fourth	True
Dan Uggla hit his 27th home run for Florida in the second but cost the Marlins another run when he ran through the stop sign of third base coach Bo Porter . He was thrown out easily at the plate while trying to score on Josh Willingham 's double in the fourth . The Marlins also missed a chance to score in the eighth	True
The Marlins lost their second straight to San Francisco and dropped to 7 - 12 in August while falling farther behind the Mets and Phillies in the NL East . The Giants trailed 2 - 0 when Pablo Sandoval singled , took second	False
The Marlins lost their second straight to San Francisco and dropped to 7 - 12 in August while falling farther behind the Mets and Phillies in the NL East . The Giants trailed 2 - 0 when Pablo Sandoval singled , took second on a groundout and scored on Eugenio Velez 's RBI single in the fourth	True
The Giants trailed 2 - 0 when Pablo Sandoval singled , took second on a groundout and scored on Eugenio Velez 's RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Rohlinger 's triple to right-center scored Velez , but he was later thrown out at the plate when Palmer missed on a squeeze bunt attempt . San Francisco took a 3 - 2 lead on Aaron Rowand 's RBI single in the fifth	True
The Giants trailed 2 - 0 when Pablo Sandoval singled , took second on a groundout and scored on Eugenio Velez 's RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Rohlinger 's triple to right-center scored Velez , but he was later thrown out at the plate when Palmer missed on a squeeze bunt attempt . San Francisco took a 3 - 2 lead on Aaron Rowand 's RBI single in the fifth , but Florida tied it when Ross doubled and scored on Luis Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Again missing his best stuff , Parra still found a way to hold Houston to two runs and six hits . The 25-year-old left-hander walked four and struck out two . Carlos Villanueva worked two hitless innings , Eric Gagne got out of a jam in the eighth	True
Again missing his best stuff , Parra still found a way to hold Houston to two runs and six hits . The 25-year-old left-hander walked four and struck out two . Carlos Villanueva worked two hitless innings , Eric Gagne got out of a jam in the eighth and Salomon Torres pitched the ninth	False
Carlos Villanueva worked two hitless innings , Eric Gagne got out of a jam in the eighth and Salomon Torres pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 29 chances . Houston loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth	True
Houston loaded the bases with no outs in the eighth but Hunter Pence bounced back to Gagne for a 1 - 2 - 2 double play and David Newhan grounded out to end the inning . Brewers manager Ned Yost was happy with Gagne 's economical approach in the eighth	True
Hardy homered off Doug Brocail , who entered after reliever Wesley Wright walked Weeks with two outs in the seventh inning . Hardy 's 19th homer made it 5 - 2 . Geoff Blum and Reggie Abercrombie had RBI singles in the fourth	True
Geoff Blum and Reggie Abercrombie had RBI singles in the fourth for Houston . Parra got into trouble again in the fifth	True
Parra got into trouble again in the fifth , but escaped thanks to a perfect throw by left fielder Gabe Kapler that nailed Mark Loretta at the plate to end the inning . Kapler also doubled in a run in the first	True
Sizemore swung at the first pitch he saw from reliever Leo Nunez and lined it over the wall in right for his 28th homer and a 7 - 3 lead . It was the All-Star center fielder 's first homer since July 31 . Nunez came on after starter Luke Hochevar ( 6 - 12 ) left with a team trainer as he was warming up for the sixth	True
Reyes walked Mike Aviles to open the game . He moved up on a groundout and scored on David DeJesus ' double to right-center . Choo tied it with his fifth homer with one out in the second	True
Shoppach snapped out of a 3 - for - 31 slump with the double , but later struck out twice . He has struck out 20 times in his last 37 at-bats . Garko opened the fourth	True
Since being pulled from a game Aug. 6 at Tampa Bay for failing to run out a ball , then being benched the next game , Garko has hit .405 with 12 RBIs over his last 10 games . Jason Smith 's one - out RBI single off Brendan Donnelly got the Royals within 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
Since being pulled from a game Aug. 6 at Tampa Bay for failing to run out a ball , then being benched the next game , Garko has hit .405 with 12 RBIs over his last 10 games . Jason Smith 's one - out RBI single off Brendan Donnelly got the Royals within 4 - 3 in the sixth . Miguel Olivo was thrown out trying to go from first	False
Since being pulled from a game Aug. 6 at Tampa Bay for failing to run out a ball , then being benched the next game , Garko has hit .405 with 12 RBIs over his last 10 games . Jason Smith 's one - out RBI single off Brendan Donnelly got the Royals within 4 - 3 in the sixth . Miguel Olivo was thrown out trying to go from first to third	False
Jason Smith 's one - out RBI single off Brendan Donnelly got the Royals within 4 - 3 in the sixth . Miguel Olivo was thrown out trying to go from first to third on the play . Aviles followed with a single , but Donnelly got DeJesus on a called third strike with the bases loaded to end the rally . Sizemore reached on an infield single in the eighth	True
Arizona catcher Chris Snyder said Wigginton hit a split-finger fastball from Johnson . Oswalt gave up a single to Stephen Drew in the third inning . But Snyder , who had walked and been sacrificed to second	False
Oswalt gave up a single to Stephen Drew in the third inning . But Snyder , who had walked and been sacrificed to second , tried to score on the hit to shallow right and was thrown out at the plate by Hunter Pence to end the inning . Oswalt retired 15 straight batters from there before he was taken out after eight . Jose Valverde finished the two - hitter , allowing only Drew 's single in the ninth	True
They could n't get to Volquez , who has been one of Cincinnati 's few bright spots . The Reds have lost 17 of their last 22 games , putting them on course for an eighth straight losing season . Troy Glaus ' single off David Weathers ended the shutout in the eighth	True
They could n't get to Volquez , who has been one of Cincinnati 's few bright spots . The Reds have lost 17 of their last 22 games , putting them on course for an eighth straight losing season . Troy Glaus ' single off David Weathers ended the shutout in the eighth , and the Cardinals scored twice in the ninth	False
Troy Glaus ' single off David Weathers ended the shutout in the eighth , and the Cardinals scored twice in the ninth off Francisco Cordero . Jay Bruce and Jeff Keppinger had run-scoring singles off Lohse ( 13 - 6 ) , who helped the Cardinals ' injury-depleted rotation get through the first half of the season but has slipped into a slump of his own , losing three of his last four starts . Brandon Phillips hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Manager Dusty Baker gave him two extra days of rest before his last start , and it fixed the problem . Volquez was back in form last Tuesday at Pittsburgh , giving up only one run . He threw 96 mph fastballs and was nearly unhittable at the outset Sunday , allowing only one ball out of the infield in the first four innings . Adam Kennedy got the Cardinals ' first hit , a line-drive single to center with one out in the fifth	True
Volquez was back in form last Tuesday at Pittsburgh , giving up only one run . He threw 96 mph fastballs and was nearly unhittable at the outset Sunday , allowing only one ball out of the infield in the first four innings . Adam Kennedy got the Cardinals ' first hit , a line-drive single to center with one out in the fifth . The pitcher-vs.-pitcher matchup turned intriguing later in the fifth	True
Martinez 's outing was nearly wasted by the Mets ' shaky bullpen . The Pirates scored three times in the ninth	True
Martinez 's outing was nearly wasted by the Mets ' shaky bullpen . The Pirates scored three times in the ninth against rusty rookie Eddie Kunz , who had n't pitched since Sunday . Pedro Feliciano entered with runners on first	False
Martinez 's outing was nearly wasted by the Mets ' shaky bullpen . The Pirates scored three times in the ninth against rusty rookie Eddie Kunz , who had n't pitched since Sunday . Pedro Feliciano entered with runners on first and second	False
One night after the Mets held on for a 2 - 1 victory , they provided plenty of offense for Martinez , who shut down Pittsburgh for six innings on Monday only to have his bullpen blow a 5 - 1 lead in a 7 - 5 New York loss . Reyes led off the game with a home run to left field against Zach Duke ( 4 - 11 ) and added an RBI triple in the second	True
Reyes led off the game with a home run to left field against Zach Duke ( 4 - 11 ) and added an RBI triple in the second . Carlos Beltran and Fernando Tatis had RBIs as part of a three - run first	True
Reyes led off the game with a home run to left field against Zach Duke ( 4 - 11 ) and added an RBI triple in the second . Carlos Beltran and Fernando Tatis had RBIs as part of a three - run first , and Castro 's two - run homer in the sixth made it 6 - 0 . Pinch-hitter Daniel Murphy drew a bases-loaded walk in the eighth	False
Harrison entered the game with a 7.07 ERA and a total of seven strikeouts in 35 2/3 innings . He was pulled after 109 pitches . All-Star Josh Hamilton preserved the shutout in the sixth	True
The Rays had won three in row . Texas stopped its four - game losing streak . Eddie Guardado pitched the ninth	True
Eddie Guardado pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . It was Texas ' sixth shutout of the season . The Rangers , who had lost eight of nine , added two runs in the seventh	True
Harrison had hardly been a strikeout pitcher in his seven starts as a major leaguer this season . But he had a run where he recorded six in a 10-batter span against the first-place Rays . The hardest hit ball Harrison allowed was Zobrist 's drive in the second	True
The hardest hit ball Harrison allowed was Zobrist 's drive in the second that ended up in Hamilton 's glove . After Jason Bartlett singled in the third	True
The hardest hit ball Harrison allowed was Zobrist 's drive in the second that ended up in Hamilton 's glove . After Jason Bartlett singled in the third , Tampa Bay did not have a baserunner until Akinori Iwamura walked leading off the ninth	True
`` He settled down . You wish there had n't been a rain delay because you wanted to see how far he could go . '' Four Florida relievers combined for four shutout innings after a delay of 1 hour , 53 minutes in the bottom of the fifth	True
`` He settled down . You wish there had n't been a rain delay because you wanted to see how far he could go . '' Four Florida relievers combined for four shutout innings after a delay of 1 hour , 53 minutes in the bottom of the fifth . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ramirez gave Florida a 4 - 3 lead in the second inning when he hit a 2 - 0 pitch for his first home run in August . He came into the game with only two RBIs in the month . Ramirez was at the plate with nobody on and one out in the fifth	True
Ramirez was at the plate with nobody on and one out in the fifth when the rain came . After Volstad gave up three runs in the first	True
Their 13 runs , the most scored by Houston since an 18 - 1 win at St. Louis last Sept. 20 , came fewer than 24 hours after Lee broke his left pinkie when he was hit by a pitch . He is expected to be sidelined for 6-to-8 weeks . The sweep was the Astros ' first	False
Aaron Harang ( 3 - 12 ) , activated from the disabled list before the game after not pitching since July 8 because of stiffness in his right forearm , set a career high by allowing eight earned runs in just four innings . Houston tagged him for nine hits and a walk . For the fourth time in the series , Houston scored in the first inning , this time plating five runs on RBI doubles by Miguel Tejada and Blum , and Bourn 's three - run homer . It was his fifth	False
Aaron Harang ( 3 - 12 ) , activated from the disabled list before the game after not pitching since July 8 because of stiffness in his right forearm , set a career high by allowing eight earned runs in just four innings . Houston tagged him for nine hits and a walk . For the fourth time in the series , Houston scored in the first inning , this time plating five runs on RBI doubles by Miguel Tejada and Blum , and Bourn 's three - run homer . It was his fifth of the season and first	False
Rodriguez led off the second inning with a double through the drawn-in Reds outfield and up the left-center field gap to the wall . Darin Erstad drove him in from third one out later with a single to center . Berkman led off the third inning with his 23rd homer of the season , and first	False
Edwin Encarnacion broke up Rodriguez 's perfect game with a solo homer to left in the fifth inning , his 22nd homer of the season . Jolbert Cabrera added a home run in the sixth inning , his first since Sept. 5 , 2004 , for Seattle at Chicago . Houston broke it open with a five - run eighth	True
Edwin Encarnacion broke up Rodriguez 's perfect game with a solo homer to left in the fifth inning , his 22nd homer of the season . Jolbert Cabrera added a home run in the sixth inning , his first since Sept. 5 , 2004 , for Seattle at Chicago . Houston broke it open with a five - run eighth , including Bourn 's run-scoring single . Ryan Hanigan added a two - run homer , the first	False
Edwin Encarnacion broke up Rodriguez 's perfect game with a solo homer to left in the fifth inning , his 22nd homer of the season . Jolbert Cabrera added a home run in the sixth inning , his first since Sept. 5 , 2004 , for Seattle at Chicago . Houston broke it open with a five - run eighth , including Bourn 's run-scoring single . Ryan Hanigan added a two - run homer , the first of his career , for the Reds in the ninth	True
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Jim Edmonds has experienced both sides of the Cardinals-Cubs matchup , one of baseball 's most spirited and emotional rivalries . After eight seasons with the Cardinals , when he was often booed at Wrigley Field , Edmonds got a curtain call Friday from the same Cubs fans after hitting the second	False
Edmonds ' stellar performance came on the Cardinals ' first visit to Wrigley this season . And La Russa said he did n't see anything extra from Edmonds after his first homer . Edmonds ' second homer , his 15th	False
Edmonds ' second homer , his 15th of the season , was an opposite-field shot to left-center . He ran quickly around the bases after tying the game but did come out of the dugout for a curtain call . With the score 2 - 2 , Derrek Lee drew a leadoff walk against Ryan Franklin ( 4 - 5 ) in the 11th	True
Edmonds ' second homer , his 15th of the season , was an opposite-field shot to left-center . He ran quickly around the bases after tying the game but did come out of the dugout for a curtain call . With the score 2 - 2 , Derrek Lee drew a leadoff walk against Ryan Franklin ( 4 - 5 ) in the 11th and , running on a 3 - 2 pitch , took third	False
With the score 2 - 2 , Derrek Lee drew a leadoff walk against Ryan Franklin ( 4 - 5 ) in the 11th and , running on a 3 - 2 pitch , took third on Aramis Ramirez 's single to right center . Kosuke Fukudome was intentionally walked to load the bases . Blanco , who entered in the 10th	True
Blanco , who entered in the 10th , lined a pitch over shortstop Cesar Izturis . It was Blanco 's first game-winning RBI this season in just his 80th at-bat . The veteran backup catcher has also been tutoring rookie All-Star Geovany Soto this season . Bob Howry ( 5 - 4 ) pitched the 11th	True
Bob Howry ( 5 - 4 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Joe Mather homered for the Cardinals , who had two runners cut down at the plate -- one on a squeeze bunt attempt in the fifth	True
Bob Howry ( 5 - 4 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Joe Mather homered for the Cardinals , who had two runners cut down at the plate -- one on a squeeze bunt attempt in the fifth and the second	False
Bob Howry ( 5 - 4 ) pitched the 11th for the win . Joe Mather homered for the Cardinals , who had two runners cut down at the plate -- one on a squeeze bunt attempt in the fifth and the second when left fielder Alfonso Soriano made a great throw after catching a fly ball for an inning-ending double play in the sixth	True
Joe Mather homered for the Cardinals , who had two runners cut down at the plate -- one on a squeeze bunt attempt in the fifth and the second when left fielder Alfonso Soriano made a great throw after catching a fly ball for an inning-ending double play in the sixth . Izturis doubled in the fifth	False
Joe Mather homered for the Cardinals , who had two runners cut down at the plate -- one on a squeeze bunt attempt in the fifth and the second when left fielder Alfonso Soriano made a great throw after catching a fly ball for an inning-ending double play in the sixth . Izturis doubled in the fifth and made third	False
Joe Mather homered for the Cardinals , who had two runners cut down at the plate -- one on a squeeze bunt attempt in the fifth and the second when left fielder Alfonso Soriano made a great throw after catching a fly ball for an inning-ending double play in the sixth . Izturis doubled in the fifth and made third when Edmonds ' relay throw skipped by Mark DeRosa and Lee for an error . But with Looper , the No . 8 hitter at the plate , the Cardinals tried a bunt . Ted Lilly 's low inside pitch knocked Looper off his feet and Cubs ' Soto easily tagged out Izturis , who had broken from third	False
The 20-year-old rookie worked seven dominant innings and Manny Ramirez homered for the fourth time in six games with the Los Angeles Dodgers , who averted a three - game sweep in a 4 - 1 victory over the Cardinals and 13-game winner Kyle Lohse on Thursday . Ramirez , booed throughout the series before each at-bat by fans who apparently remember his 2004 World Series MVP turn in Boston 's sweep of the Cardinals , is 13 - for - 23 with nine RBIs since joining the Dodgers . His 514th career homer was a two - run shot in the third	True
Kershaw , the seventh overall pick of the 2006 draft , allowed only three singles while matching his season best with seven strikeouts and working around four walks . The seven - inning stint was the deepest he 's gone by a full inning in 12 career starts and the walks all came against the heart of the Cardinals order with Albert Pujols getting two and Ludwick and Troy Glaus one apiece . Kershaw 's exuberance got the best of him only once when he tried to make a difficult play on Aaron Miles ' infield hit in the fifth	True
Kershaw 's exuberance got the best of him only once when he tried to make a difficult play on Aaron Miles ' infield hit in the fifth , a slow roller down the third base line that he gloved while sliding . But he made no apology for a play that was going to be a hit in any case if it stayed fair . In his past three outings Kershaw has been stellar , giving up one run and 11 hits in 19 innings . Cesar Izturis , who was 6 - for - 12 in the series , ended the left-hander 's 17-inning scoreless streak with an RBI single in the fifth	True
In his past three outings Kershaw has been stellar , giving up one run and 11 hits in 19 innings . Cesar Izturis , who was 6 - for - 12 in the series , ended the left-hander 's 17-inning scoreless streak with an RBI single in the fifth . Hong-Chih Kuo tossed a perfect eighth	True
In his past three outings Kershaw has been stellar , giving up one run and 11 hits in 19 innings . Cesar Izturis , who was 6 - for - 12 in the series , ended the left-hander 's 17-inning scoreless streak with an RBI single in the fifth . Hong-Chih Kuo tossed a perfect eighth and Jonathan Broxton , shaky in his first appearance in six days , worked around a hit and a walk in the ninth	True
In his past three outings Kershaw has been stellar , giving up one run and 11 hits in 19 innings . Cesar Izturis , who was 6 - for - 12 in the series , ended the left-hander 's 17-inning scoreless streak with an RBI single in the fifth . Hong-Chih Kuo tossed a perfect eighth and Jonathan Broxton , shaky in his first appearance in six days , worked around a hit and a walk in the ninth for his sixth save in six chances since Takashi Saito went on the 15-day disabled list last month . Broxton struck out pinch-hitters Rick Ankiel and Skip Schumaker with runners on second	False
In his past three outings Kershaw has been stellar , giving up one run and 11 hits in 19 innings . Cesar Izturis , who was 6 - for - 12 in the series , ended the left-hander 's 17-inning scoreless streak with an RBI single in the fifth . Hong-Chih Kuo tossed a perfect eighth and Jonathan Broxton , shaky in his first appearance in six days , worked around a hit and a walk in the ninth for his sixth save in six chances since Takashi Saito went on the 15-day disabled list last month . Broxton struck out pinch-hitters Rick Ankiel and Skip Schumaker with runners on second and third	False
Lohse ( 13 - 4 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in seven innings , including his fifth homer in three starts , missing a chance to match his career high for victories set in 2003 . He finished strong , retiring his last 10 batters after Juan Pierre 's RBI triple in the fourth put the Dodgers ahead 4 - 0 . Loney 's two - out RBI single in the first	True
Loney 's two - out RBI single in the first and Ramirez 's homer were the only pitches Lohse regretted . Cardinals reliever Jason Isringhausen , removed from the closer 's role for a second time on Tuesday , worked a scoreless eighth	True
Loney 's two - out RBI single in the first and Ramirez 's homer were the only pitches Lohse regretted . Cardinals reliever Jason Isringhausen , removed from the closer 's role for a second time on Tuesday , worked a scoreless eighth and ninth	True
Loney 's two - out RBI single in the first and Ramirez 's homer were the only pitches Lohse regretted . Cardinals reliever Jason Isringhausen , removed from the closer 's role for a second time on Tuesday , worked a scoreless eighth and ninth and was impressive . The only hit he allowed was erased on Ramirez 's double-play ball , and he struck out the side against the Dodgers ' 6 - 7 - 7 hitters in the ninth	True
But that was before the Angels acquired their new No . 3 hitter , Mark Teixeira , from the Atlanta Braves . Hitting in front of Guerrero has benefited both of them . But it may be premature to compare the Angels ' one - two punch to what Manny Ramirez and David Ortiz gave the Boston Red Sox before Ramirez was traded to the Dodgers last week . Guerrero highlighted a three - run first	True
Guerrero highlighted a three - run first with his 20th homer , a two - run shot that followed Teixeira 's two - out single . Hunter walked and came all the way around on Anderson 's double . Jeff Mathis made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
Guerrero highlighted a three - run first with his 20th homer , a two - run shot that followed Teixeira 's two - out single . Hunter walked and came all the way around on Anderson 's double . Jeff Mathis made it 4 - 0 in the second with his ninth homer . Teixeira led off the third	True
Guerrero highlighted a three - run first with his 20th homer , a two - run shot that followed Teixeira 's two - out single . Hunter walked and came all the way around on Anderson 's double . Jeff Mathis made it 4 - 0 in the second with his ninth homer . Teixeira led off the third with a double into the left-field corner , continued to third	False
Teixeira is 8 - for - 28 with a grand slam , six RBIs and seven runs scored in his first eight games with the Angels . The Angels tacked on three more runs in the fourth	True
Olson lasted only 2 2/3 innings , allowing six runs and seven hits after throwing 117 pitches over 8 1/3 innings last Friday in a 10 - 5 win at Seattle . Montanez homered on the second pitch he saw in the major leagues , trimming the Angels ' lead to 4 - 1 in the third	True
Montanez homered on the second pitch he saw in the major leagues , trimming the Angels ' lead to 4 - 1 in the third . The only other player in Orioles history to homer in his first big league at-bat was relief pitcher Les `` Buster '' Narum on May 3 , 1963 . Nick Markakis hit his 16th homer for Baltimore in the fifth	True
The Twins had blown leads of 6 - 0 and 2 - 0 in the first two games of the series to fall out of first place . They would have blown a 4 - 0 edge in this one without the catalyst who 's quickly become known as `` Span Man . '' Minnesota led 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
Reliever Jesse Crain relieved Dennys Reyes , and Beltre hit a drive toward the right-field bleachers . Span drifted to the wall , leaped and snared the ball just before it hit a railing and screen protecting fans in the first row . The ball juggled around inside Span 's glove as he triumphantly landed on the warning track . Beltre stood at disbelief between first	True
Beltre had two hits and two RBIs for Seattle . The Mariners were denied a season-high fourth consecutive win and first three - game sweep of an AL team in their lost season . Brandon Harris ' two - run double off Mark Lowe in the eighth	True
Brandon Harris ' two - run double off Mark Lowe in the eighth and Span 's RBI infield single off Jared Wells later in the inning made the Twins more comfortable for their flight to Kansas City for an off-day . Span could have had a fifth RBI , but Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn ( 5 - 11 ) scrambled to make a lunging flip just in time to first base on Span 's drag bunt with Harris at third	False
Brandon Harris ' two - run double off Mark Lowe in the eighth and Span 's RBI infield single off Jared Wells later in the inning made the Twins more comfortable for their flight to Kansas City for an off-day . Span could have had a fifth RBI , but Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn ( 5 - 11 ) scrambled to make a lunging flip just in time to first base on Span 's drag bunt with Harris at third and two outs in the fourth	True
Span could have had a fifth RBI , but Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn ( 5 - 11 ) scrambled to make a lunging flip just in time to first base on Span 's drag bunt with Harris at third and two outs in the fourth . In the third	True
Span could have had a fifth RBI , but Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn ( 5 - 11 ) scrambled to make a lunging flip just in time to first base on Span 's drag bunt with Harris at third and two outs in the fourth . In the third , he hit Washburn 's poorly placed 0 - 2 floater into the right-field corner for a triple . It was Span 's 14th hit of the season , and eighth	False
The White Sox remained a game ahead of the Minnesota Twins in the AL Central , while the Tigers dropped 8 1/2 games out of first place -- the farthest back they 've been since trailing by nine games on June 11 . Danks ( 9 - 4 ) allowed one run on four hits over 6 2/3 innings , giving the White Sox a lift after they used seven relievers in a 14-inning win over Detroit the previous night . Danks struck out six and walked one , leaving to a standing ovation in the seventh	True
`` Also noticed that Minnesota won . I was n't thinking about it on the mound , but before the game I saw they were going to close out Seattle there and it was a big game for us and fortunately it worked out . '' D. J. Carrasco got one out in relief , Octavio Dotel pitched a perfect eighth	True
`` Also noticed that Minnesota won . I was n't thinking about it on the mound , but before the game I saw they were going to close out Seattle there and it was a big game for us and fortunately it worked out . '' D. J. Carrasco got one out in relief , Octavio Dotel pitched a perfect eighth and Bobby Jenks a scoreless ninth	False
Tigers starter Justin Verlander got into trouble right from the start . Nick Swisher drew a one - out walk and Carlos Quentin singled before Jermaine Dye grounded a ball to third base . Carlos Guillen fielded it and threw to Placido Polanco covering second	False
Tigers starter Justin Verlander got into trouble right from the start . Nick Swisher drew a one - out walk and Carlos Quentin singled before Jermaine Dye grounded a ball to third base . Carlos Guillen fielded it and threw to Placido Polanco covering second , but Quentin broke up the potential double-play and Dye was safe at first	False
Thome followed by hitting a 0 - 1 pitch opposite field to left , his 22nd homer of the season and 529th of his career , giving the White Sox an early 3 - 0 lead . Verlander ( 8 - 12 ) settled down after that , retiring 12 in a row . He wound up allowing five runs and six hits with eight strikeouts and a pair of walks . Verlander threw a season-high 130 pitches before leaving with the bases loaded with two outs in the eighth	True
Alexei Ramirez added some insurance after Verlander left the game . Ramirez greeted Tigers reliever Aquilino Lopez with a two - run single to make it 5 - 1 . Magglio Ordonez doubled in the seventh	True
Alfonso Soriano simply added to the frenzy . Johnson and Soriano hit back-to-back homers in the eighth	True
The home runs lifted the Cubs to their seventh win in eight games and capped a strange afternoon that saw Carlos Zambrano leave after five strong innings even though he was not hurt . Chicago ( 67 - 45 ) moved 22 games above .500 for the first time since 1989 , when it won 93 games , but what looked like an easy win turned dramatic in the eighth	True
The winning rally started when Craig Hansen ( 0 - 1 ) walked Geovany Soto with two outs . Sean Burnett came in , and Johnson drove an 0 - 2 pitch to left and the celebration started . Soriano gave the fans more to cheer when he sent a 1 - 2 pitch from Burnett to the seats in left , making it 8 - 5 . Carlos Marmol came in and pitched a perfect ninth	True
Soriano gave the fans more to cheer when he sent a 1 - 2 pitch from Burnett to the seats in left , making it 8 - 5 . Carlos Marmol came in and pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . This time , Johnson came through after Chad Gaudin ( 3 - 1 ) allowed the tying two - run homer to Andy LaRoche in the eighth	True
This time , Johnson came through after Chad Gaudin ( 3 - 1 ) allowed the tying two - run homer to Andy LaRoche in the eighth . The drama started before the top of the sixth	True
Zambrano , who had completed his warmups , left to a standing ovation , raising his right index finger on his way to the dugout . Samardzija left with one out in the eighth	True
Even so , it was a jarring end to another solid outing by an NL All-Star . He allowed an unearned run in the first	True
Even so , it was a jarring end to another solid outing by an NL All-Star . He allowed an unearned run in the first and a leadoff homer to Brandon Moss -- who came from Boston in the Bay trade -- in the second -- before settling down . The Cubs tied it at 2 in the bottom half and got two more runs in the fourth	False
He allowed an unearned run in the first and a leadoff homer to Brandon Moss -- who came from Boston in the Bay trade -- in the second -- before settling down . The Cubs tied it at 2 in the bottom half and got two more runs in the fourth on consecutive doubles by Jim Edmonds , Soto and Zambrano against Pittsburgh starter Ian Snell to make it 4 - 2 . Aramis Ramirez led off the fifth	True
Byrd got a tip after that difficult day last month , and intimated it came from Twins broadcaster and former pitcher Bert Blyleven . Minnesota had a chance to move into first	False
Shoppach hit a two - run drive in the fourth inning to give Cleveland a 3 - 1 lead . It was the fourth homer in five games for Shoppach , who is playing in place of injured catcher Victor Martinez and hitting .390 since July 20 . David Dellucci started the three - run fourth	True
David Dellucci started the three - run fourth with a routine flyball to left-center that dropped in for a double because of miscommunication between outfielders Delmon Young and Carlos Gomez . One batter later , Jhonny Peralta delivered an RBI double . Dellucci hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fifth	True
Dellucci hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 . The Twins opened the third	True
But Jason Giambi popped out to break the strikeout spell and Xavier Nady followed with a two - out single to right . Betemit then made up for his error with a tying two - run shot . Bouncing back from a rough outing against Baltimore , Mussina ( 14 - 7 ) was dominant after loading the bases on two hits and a walk , and giving up two runs -- one earned -- in the second	True
Bouncing back from a rough outing against Baltimore , Mussina ( 14 - 7 ) was dominant after loading the bases on two hits and a walk , and giving up two runs -- one earned -- in the second . Had Betemit completed the double-play turn , Mussina would have gotten out of the inning without allowing a run . With the bases loaded , Mussina got Jeff Mathis , who had not grounded into a double play in 203 at-bats , to hit a routine grounder to third	False
Bouncing back from a rough outing against Baltimore , Mussina ( 14 - 7 ) was dominant after loading the bases on two hits and a walk , and giving up two runs -- one earned -- in the second . Had Betemit completed the double-play turn , Mussina would have gotten out of the inning without allowing a run . With the bases loaded , Mussina got Jeff Mathis , who had not grounded into a double play in 203 at-bats , to hit a routine grounder to third . Alex Rodriguez made the throw to second	False
Bouncing back from a rough outing against Baltimore , Mussina ( 14 - 7 ) was dominant after loading the bases on two hits and a walk , and giving up two runs -- one earned -- in the second . Had Betemit completed the double-play turn , Mussina would have gotten out of the inning without allowing a run . With the bases loaded , Mussina got Jeff Mathis , who had not grounded into a double play in 203 at-bats , to hit a routine grounder to third . Alex Rodriguez made the throw to second for an out , but Betemit 's relay to first	False
With the bases loaded , Mussina got Jeff Mathis , who had not grounded into a double play in 203 at-bats , to hit a routine grounder to third . Alex Rodriguez made the throw to second for an out , but Betemit 's relay to first was in the dirt and the ball bounced out of Giambi 's mitt , allowing Howie Kendrick to score the second run . In the field , Mussina snared a sharp comebacker to start the game , pounced on a bunt in the third	True
With the bases loaded , Mussina got Jeff Mathis , who had not grounded into a double play in 203 at-bats , to hit a routine grounder to third . Alex Rodriguez made the throw to second for an out , but Betemit 's relay to first was in the dirt and the ball bounced out of Giambi 's mitt , allowing Howie Kendrick to score the second run . In the field , Mussina snared a sharp comebacker to start the game , pounced on a bunt in the third and handled another hard-hit grounder in the fourth	True
In the field , Mussina snared a sharp comebacker to start the game , pounced on a bunt in the third and handled another hard-hit grounder in the fourth . Jose Veras struck out three in a hitless eighth	True
In the field , Mussina snared a sharp comebacker to start the game , pounced on a bunt in the third and handled another hard-hit grounder in the fourth . Jose Veras struck out three in a hitless eighth and Brian Bruney gave up a hit in the ninth	False
Jose Veras struck out three in a hitless eighth and Brian Bruney gave up a hit in the ninth to finish the three - hitter . Abreu homered in the third	True
Jose Veras struck out three in a hitless eighth and Brian Bruney gave up a hit in the ninth to finish the three - hitter . Abreu homered in the third , Molina connected in the fifth	True
Jose Veras struck out three in a hitless eighth and Brian Bruney gave up a hit in the ninth to finish the three - hitter . Abreu homered in the third , Molina connected in the fifth and A-Rod led off the sixth	False
Perez made it easy for them , winning for just the fourth time in 20 starts . He allowed one run and three hits over 7 1/3 innings in his longest start since he pitched eight innings for the Los Angeles Dodgers against the Philadelphia Phillies on Aug. 11 , 2005 . Washington manager Manny Acta thought otherwise , and sent Perez back out for the eighth	True
Washington manager Manny Acta thought otherwise , and sent Perez back out for the eighth . The left-hander allowed a triple to Jolbert Cabrera before Saul Rivera entered and got out of the jam , retiring Jerry Hairston Jr. on a comebacker before striking out Jeff Keppinger to end the inning . Joel Hanrahan worked the ninth	False
Joel Hanrahan worked the ninth , allowing a home run to Jay Bruce . Perez ( 4 - 8 ) also allowed a leadoff double to Keppinger in the fourth	True
Perez ( 4 - 8 ) also allowed a leadoff double to Keppinger in the fourth and a fifth-inning single to Andy Phillips . Bonifacio and Gonzalez both played well in their first game with the Nationals . Bonifacio went 1 - for - 4 , scored a run and swiped a base , and Gonzalez doubled , scored a run and walked twice . They also combined on a nifty inning-ending double play in the seventh	True
Homer Bailey ( 0 - 5 ) lasted just two innings for Cincinnati , allowing five runs and seven hits . The Reds have lost six of seven . Jesus Flores hit a two - run single in the first	True
Homer Bailey ( 0 - 5 ) lasted just two innings for Cincinnati , allowing five runs and seven hits . The Reds have lost six of seven . Jesus Flores hit a two - run single in the first , and Washington added three more in the second	True
In a season with little to celebrate , his teammates gave him a rousing welcome -- one he had waited his entire 18-year career to receive . Mussina had just become the oldest pitcher to win 20 games in a season for the first time as the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 2 Sunday in the opener of a rain-delayed day-night doubleheader . The playoff-bound Red Sox won the second game 4 - 3 on Jonathan Van Every 's bases-loaded single with two outs in the 10th	True
Previously , the oldest first-time 20-game winner was Jamie Moyer , who was 38 when he went 20 - 6 for Seattle in 2001 . Mussina , who has n't committed to playing next season , could be the first pitcher to retire following a 20-win season since Sandy Koufax . Mussina is 269 - 153 with a 3.69 ERA in his career . and his previous high for wins came in 1995 and 1996 , when he won 19 games each year for Baltimore . Mussina went 0 - 2 in his last four starts in 1996 , leaving his final one with a 2 - 1 lead after eight innings only to watch Armando Benitez allow a tying homer to Toronto 's Ed Sprague in the ninth	True
With defending World Series champion Boston heading to the AL division series at the Los Angeles Angels starting Wednesday night and New York missing the postseason , the doubleheader lacked the usual intensity of Yankees-Red Sox matchups . In the opener , after Boston closed to 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
With defending World Series champion Boston heading to the AL division series at the Los Angeles Angels starting Wednesday night and New York missing the postseason , the doubleheader lacked the usual intensity of Yankees-Red Sox matchups . In the opener , after Boston closed to 3 - 2 in the eighth on Chris Carter 's RBI grounder off Joba Chamberlain and Jacoby Ellsbury 's run-scoring single against Damaso Marte , Rivera struck out Dustin Pedroia to end the inning . The Yankees added three runs in the ninth	True
With defending World Series champion Boston heading to the AL division series at the Los Angeles Angels starting Wednesday night and New York missing the postseason , the doubleheader lacked the usual intensity of Yankees-Red Sox matchups . In the opener , after Boston closed to 3 - 2 in the eighth on Chris Carter 's RBI grounder off Joba Chamberlain and Jacoby Ellsbury 's run-scoring single against Damaso Marte , Rivera struck out Dustin Pedroia to end the inning . The Yankees added three runs in the ninth against Jonathan Papelbon , and Rivera finished with a hitless ninth	True
Rivera got his 49th save in a game that Mussina won , trailing only the combination of Oakland 's Bob Welch and Dennis Eckersley ( 57 ) and the Yankees ' Andy Pettitte and Rivera ( 55 ) . Pedroia went 2 - for - 4 to increase his batting average to .326 but likely will finish second	False
Pedroia went 2 - for - 4 to increase his batting average to .326 but likely will finish second in the AL batting race to Minnesota 's Joe Mauer , who was at .330 . Even if the Twins play an AL Central tiebreaker on Tuesday , Mauer would have to go 0 - for - 7 for Pedroia to overtake him . Xavier Nady hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
In the second game , Van Every singled off off Jose Veras ( 5 - 3 ) . Devern Hansack ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 10th	True
Excluding the 1981 split season , the Mets became the first team in major league history to hold 3 1/2-game division leads in consecutive Septembers and fail to make the postseason both times , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . New York wasted Beltran 's tying , two - run homer in the sixth	True
Excluding the 1981 split season , the Mets became the first team in major league history to hold 3 1/2-game division leads in consecutive Septembers and fail to make the postseason both times , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . New York wasted Beltran 's tying , two - run homer in the sixth , a useful start by Oliver Perez on short rest and another clutch catch by Endy Chavez . Delgado flied out to deep left with two on to end the eighth	True
New York wasted Beltran 's tying , two - run homer in the sixth , a useful start by Oliver Perez on short rest and another clutch catch by Endy Chavez . Delgado flied out to deep left with two on to end the eighth , and former Mets prospect Matt Lindstrom retired Ryan Church on a flyout to the edge of the center-field warning track with a runner on to close it out . Pinch-hitter Wes Helms homered off Schoeneweis ( 2 - 6 ) to start the eighth	True
But a day later , New York was out . The Mets finished 1,859 - 1,713 at Shea , according to Elias . Joe Nelson ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect seventh	True
The offense fizzled , too . Playing its most important games of the year , New York scored only five runs against Florida over the weekend . With the Mets trailing 2 - 0 , pinch-hitter Robinson Cancel drew a leadoff walk from starter Scott Olsen in the sixth	True
With the Mets trailing 2 - 0 , pinch-hitter Robinson Cancel drew a leadoff walk from starter Scott Olsen in the sixth . One out later , Beltran hit his 27th homer and sent the sellout crowd of 56,059 into a frenzy . With two outs and a runner on second	False
With the Mets trailing 2 - 0 , pinch-hitter Robinson Cancel drew a leadoff walk from starter Scott Olsen in the sixth . One out later , Beltran hit his 27th homer and sent the sellout crowd of 56,059 into a frenzy . With two outs and a runner on second in the seventh	True
Revved up fans were lined up outside the gates three hours before the scheduled first pitch , hoping to celebrate Shea Stadium 's regular-season finale in style . After the start was delayed 51 minutes by rain , Perez took a two - hit shutout into the sixth	True
CHICAGO -- This is not how the Chicago White Sox envisioned the final week of what had been such a successful season . They 've lost five straight , played ugly baseball along the way , fallen out of first	False
The Indians got seven strong innings from Zach Jackson and a three - run double from Asdrubal Cabrera off struggling Javier Vazquez to keep the White Sox a half-game behind the Twins in the AL Central . The Twins , who lost at home to the Royals for a second straight day to give the White Sox a chance to go back into first	False
When the Royals ' 4 - 2 victory at Minnesota was posted on the scoreboard during the second inning , the crowd at U. S. Cellular Field reacted with a loud ovation . But that was about all it had to cheer until Chicago rallied from a 7 - 1 deficit and closed to 8 - 6 by scoring four times in the eighth	True
But that was about all it had to cheer until Chicago rallied from a 7 - 1 deficit and closed to 8 - 6 by scoring four times in the eighth . The Indians put the game away with four in the ninth	False
The Indians put the game away with four in the ninth off Chicago 's beleaguered bullpen . Jhonny Peralta and Victor Martinez had RBI singles , and Franklin Gutierrez added a two - run single to snap an 0 - for - 15 skid as a pinch hitter this year . Pitching on three days ' rest , Vazquez ( 12 - 16 ) was hit hard for a third consecutive start and failed to make it out of the fifth	True
Jackson ( 2 - 3 ) , acquired from Milwaukee in the CC Sabathia trade , allowed three hits , including solo homers by Jermaine Dye and Konerko . Ryan Garko singled with one out in the fifth	True
Clayton Richard relieved Vazquez and Shin-Soo Choo greeted him with an RBI single that made it 7 - 1 . Choo homered in the first	True
Clayton Richard relieved Vazquez and Shin-Soo Choo greeted him with an RBI single that made it 7 - 1 . Choo homered in the first , and the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Dye 's 34th homer . Konerko hit his 20th of the season in the seventh	True
Clayton Richard relieved Vazquez and Shin-Soo Choo greeted him with an RBI single that made it 7 - 1 . Choo homered in the first , and the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Dye 's 34th homer . Konerko hit his 20th of the season in the seventh before Garko had an RBI double in the eighth	False
Choo homered in the first , and the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Dye 's 34th homer . Konerko hit his 20th of the season in the seventh before Garko had an RBI double in the eighth for an 8 - 2 lead . Chicago scored four in the eighth	False
Molina hit that two - run homer and did n't score -- part of a bizarre sequence involving an instant replay reversal -- and Dave Roberts ' 10th-inning single Friday night gave the San Francisco Giants a 6 - 5 victory over the newly crowned NL West champion Los Angeles Dodgers . Tyler Walker ( 5 - 8 ) pitched the 10th	True
Tyler Walker ( 5 - 8 ) pitched the 10th for the win , and Roberts drove in Vizquel with a two - out single in the bottom half against Jason Johnson ( 1 - 2 ) . Neither Molina nor Vizquel were around after the 3-hour , 33-minute game to discuss the crazy situation . In the sixth	True
Tyler Walker ( 5 - 8 ) pitched the 10th for the win , and Roberts drove in Vizquel with a two - out single in the bottom half against Jason Johnson ( 1 - 2 ) . Neither Molina nor Vizquel were around after the 3-hour , 33-minute game to discuss the crazy situation . In the sixth , Molina lined the first pitch from Scott Proctor to the roof in right and the ball ricocheted onto the grass below . Molina stayed at first	False
Molina 's shot tied it at 2 . Pablo Sandoval 's third single of the game in the seventh put San Francisco ahead and pinch-hitter Rich Aurilia added a sacrifice fly in the inning . James Loney led off the ninth	True
James Loney led off the ninth with a home run , and pinch-hitter Russell Martin added a two - run shot off Giants closer Brian Wilson , who picked up his sixth blown save . But Steve Holm , Molina 's replacement , tied it with a sacrifice fly in the bottom half as the Giants rallied to end a three - game skid . Jeff Kent hit a two - run homer for Los Angeles against his former club in the fourth	True
Sveum attributed Braun 's struggles to the pressure of a playoff race more than the injury . Mitch Stetter ( 3 - 1 ) earned the victory after pitching out of a jam in the 10th	True
Making his first start since tearing a knee ligament May 1 , Gallardo pitched only four innings but made them count . The Brewers ' promising 22-year-old right-hander struck out seven while giving up a run and three hits . Gallardo cruised through the first three innings as Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead on an RBI double by Bill Hall , then appeared to run out of gas in the fourth	True
Gallardo 's return trumped a strong outing by Pirates starter Zach Duke , who held the Brewers to a run and seven hits in seven innings . Pittsburgh threatened to take the lead in the ninth	True
Gallardo 's return trumped a strong outing by Pirates starter Zach Duke , who held the Brewers to a run and seven hits in seven innings . Pittsburgh threatened to take the lead in the ninth , but reliever Salomon Torres got pinch hitter Doug Mientkiewicz to fly out with runners at first	False
Gallardo 's return trumped a strong outing by Pirates starter Zach Duke , who held the Brewers to a run and seven hits in seven innings . Pittsburgh threatened to take the lead in the ninth , but reliever Salomon Torres got pinch hitter Doug Mientkiewicz to fly out with runners at first and second	False
Ryan Howard hit his major league-leading 47th homer and Chase Utley also went deep for the Phillies . But Brett Myers ( 10 - 13 ) got roughed up for the second straight start . Benches and bullpens emptied with two outs in the bottom of the eighth	True
Reliever Buddy Carlyle ( 2 - 0 ) retired the two batters he faced to earn the win for the Braves , who got their second straight victory over Philadelphia . Myers got knocked out in the fifth	True
Myers got in trouble early . Josh Anderson led off with a double and Kelly Johnson followed with a single that extended his hitting streak to 22 games . Prado and Kotchman had RBI singles to make it 2 - 0 . Utley ripped a two - out shot to right in the third	True
Myers got in trouble early . Josh Anderson led off with a double and Kelly Johnson followed with a single that extended his hitting streak to 22 games . Prado and Kotchman had RBI singles to make it 2 - 0 . Utley ripped a two - out shot to right in the third for his career-best 33rd homer . Howard led off the bottom of the fourth	True
Maybin , Sanchez 's teammate at Double-A Carolina this season , went 3 - for - 3 plus a sacrifice bunt to raise his average to .500 ( 14 - for - 28 ) with Florida . Maybin came up awkwardly after stealing second base in the sixth	True
His fourth hit Jorge Cantu . His 10th	False
His 10th was a wild pitch , allowing Maybin to score . In the third	True
Kyle Lohse won his 15th game and the Cardinals clobbered the 45-year-old left-hander for the second time this month in a 7 - 4 victory Tuesday night . Johnson and the Diamondbacks trailed by four runs after the first inning . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer in the first and Albert Pujols had two hits , two RBIs and reached 100 walks for the first time in his career for the Cardinals , who won for the third time in 13 games . The 2006 World Series champions were eliminated from postseason contention for the second straight season in the top of the seventh	True
The 2006 World Series champions were eliminated from postseason contention for the second straight season in the top of the seventh when New York beat Chicago . They are , however , guaranteed a .500 finish that lets manager Tony La Russa off the hook from his pre-game jest that he would `` walk from here to California '' if they ended with a losing record . St. Louis bunched five of its seven hits off Johnson ( 10 - 10 ) in the first	True
The 2006 World Series champions were eliminated from postseason contention for the second straight season in the top of the seventh when New York beat Chicago . They are , however , guaranteed a .500 finish that lets manager Tony La Russa off the hook from his pre-game jest that he would `` walk from here to California '' if they ended with a losing record . St. Louis bunched five of its seven hits off Johnson ( 10 - 10 ) in the first and then hung on after Lohse ( 15 - 6 ) allowed a two - run homer to Chris Young in the fourth	True
The 2006 World Series champions were eliminated from postseason contention for the second straight season in the top of the seventh when New York beat Chicago . They are , however , guaranteed a .500 finish that lets manager Tony La Russa off the hook from his pre-game jest that he would `` walk from here to California '' if they ended with a losing record . St. Louis bunched five of its seven hits off Johnson ( 10 - 10 ) in the first and then hung on after Lohse ( 15 - 6 ) allowed a two - run homer to Chris Young in the fourth and a solo shot to Miguel Montero in the sixth	True
Diamondbacks manager Bob Melvin said the first inning was crucial . Pujols is batting .350 , second	False
Diamondbacks manager Bob Melvin said the first inning was crucial . Pujols is batting .350 , second in the National League , after going 2 - for - 3 , and he is 9 - for - 20 against Johnson with three homers and 10 RBIs . He is the only player in major league history with 30 homers and 100 RBIs in the first eight seasons , and topped his previous season best of 99 walks last year on an intentional pass from Johnson with two outs and a runner on second	False
Diamondbacks manager Bob Melvin said the first inning was crucial . Pujols is batting .350 , second in the National League , after going 2 - for - 3 , and he is 9 - for - 20 against Johnson with three homers and 10 RBIs . He is the only player in major league history with 30 homers and 100 RBIs in the first eight seasons , and topped his previous season best of 99 walks last year on an intentional pass from Johnson with two outs and a runner on second in the fifth	True
Vazquez ( 12 - 15 ) gave up five runs and seven hits , including a two - run homer and a triple to Jason Kubel , whose Twins practically need a sweep to position themselves for a fifth division title in seven years . The only bright spot for the White Sox was Ken Griffey Jr. passing Sammy Sosa for sole possession of fifth place on the career list with his 610th home run , a two - run shot off Matt Guerrier in the ninth	True
The only bright spot for the White Sox was Ken Griffey Jr. passing Sammy Sosa for sole possession of fifth place on the career list with his 610th home run , a two - run shot off Matt Guerrier in the ninth . Kubel went 3 - for - 4 with two homers in the game , going back-to-back with Delmon Young off Boone Logan in the seventh	True
The Mets fell 1 games behind Philadelphia in the NL East . The Phillies beat Florida 5 - 2 . New York 's edge in the wild-card race was cut to 1 games by Milwaukee , which beat Cincinnati 8 - 1 . Down 4 - 3 , Atlanta struck in the eighth	True
Down 4 - 3 , Atlanta struck in the eighth against Scott Schoeneweis ( 2 - 5 ) and three Mets relievers . It was the latest collapse for a beleaguered bullpen missing injured closer Billy Wagner . The relievers have a league-high 16 blown saves since the All-Star break , the worst in the NL . Schoeneweis has lost three games since Aug. 26 and the relievers have a woeful 2 - 8 record since Aug. 11 . Carlos Delgado hit a two - run homer , his 37th , in the Mets ninth	True
Atlanta once again got in the Mets ' way to reach the postseason . The Braves were 8 - 1 against New York this year at Turner Field ; Philadelphia went 9 - 0 at the ballpark . Schoeneweis retired the first batter in the eighth	True
Joe Smith relieved and Jeff Francoeur hit an RBI triple for a 5 - 4 lead . Pedro Feliciano pitched next , and got one out before issuing an intentional walk . That brought on Aaron Heilman and , after another intentional walk , Martin Prado delivered a two - run double . Jorge Julio ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with a scoreless eighth	True
Despite their success against the Mets , the Braves feel New York and Philadelphia will be in the postseason . The Mets took a 4 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 4 - 1 lead in the second on David Wright 's 32nd home run . Wright connected after pitcher Mike Pelfrey drew a walk from Atlanta starter James Parr . New York scored a pair of runs in the first	True
Infante was hit with a pitch with the bases loaded in the first inning for the first Brave ' run , but Pelfrey got out of the jam by getting Kotchman to hit into an inning-ending double play . Atlanta added a run in the second	True
Infante was hit with a pitch with the bases loaded in the first inning for the first Brave ' run , but Pelfrey got out of the jam by getting Kotchman to hit into an inning-ending double play . Atlanta added a run in the second on an RBI single by pinch-hitter Ruben Gotay and got within 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
Joba Chamberlain worked 1 2/3 hitless innings and Rivera closed out the final regular-season home game before New York moves next year into a $ 1.3 billion palace rising across the street . So it ended as it should have , after the Babe opened the ballpark on April 18 , 1923 , with a home run in a 4 - 1 victory over the Red Sox that sent the Yankees on their way to the first	False
Baltimore jumped ahead of Pettitte 2 - 0 before Damon 's three - run shot to right in the third -- not far from where he hit his grand slam for Boston in Game 7 of the 2004 AL championship series . Molina , filling in for Posada , added a two - run shot off rookie Chris Waters ( 3 - 4 ) in the fourth	True
Molina , filling in for Posada , added a two - run shot off rookie Chris Waters ( 3 - 4 ) in the fourth to give New York a 5 - 3 lead . Struggling through an extremely disappointing second half , Pettitte snapped a five - start losing streak . He left to a standing ovation in the sixth	True
The right-hander worked quickly and efficiently against the Mariners , getting ahead in the count with fastballs , then dropping in curveballs and change-ups to keep them off-balance . Davies did n't allow a hit until Jose Lopez lined a high fastball into right for a single leading off the fifth	True
The right-hander worked quickly and efficiently against the Mariners , getting ahead in the count with fastballs , then dropping in curveballs and change-ups to keep them off-balance . Davies did n't allow a hit until Jose Lopez lined a high fastball into right for a single leading off the fifth , and had Seattle swinging through off-speed pitches , striking out four of five batters in the second	True
Davies did n't allow a hit until Jose Lopez lined a high fastball into right for a single leading off the fifth , and had Seattle swinging through off-speed pitches , striking out four of five batters in the second and third innings . Davies worked out of a jam in the sixth	True
Davies did n't allow a hit until Jose Lopez lined a high fastball into right for a single leading off the fifth , and had Seattle swinging through off-speed pitches , striking out four of five batters in the second and third innings . Davies worked out of a jam in the sixth , getting Yuniesky Betancourt to ground into a double play with runners on the corners and one out , and ended the seventh	True
Davies worked out of a jam in the sixth , getting Yuniesky Betancourt to ground into a double play with runners on the corners and one out , and ended the seventh with another double play . Soria worked the ninth	False
The Royals probably would have had more if not for more problems on the base paths . Kansas City lost one run in the first inning when Ryan Shealy was called out on appeal for missing third base on Mark Teahen 's single . Another potential run was erased in the sixth inning , when slow-running Alex Gordon was thrown out at the plate by right-fielder Ichiro Suzuki trying to score from first	False
Kansas City lost one run in the first inning when Ryan Shealy was called out on appeal for missing third base on Mark Teahen 's single . Another potential run was erased in the sixth inning , when slow-running Alex Gordon was thrown out at the plate by right-fielder Ichiro Suzuki trying to score from first on Alberto Callaspo 's double . Jose Guillen was also thrown out at third base in the sixth	True
Unlike some of its previous baserunning blunders this season , Kansas City was able to work past the mistakes with their fifth consecutive game with double-digit hits ( 12 ) . Teahen got the RBI he missed out on earlier with a run-scoring single up the middle -- Guillen made sure he touched the base rounding third -- and Mike Aviles made it 4 - 0 with a chopper off Sean Green that bounced off the plate in the seventh	True
Teagarden , a member of the bronze medal U. S. Olympic team , has six homers and 17 RBIs in 12 major league games this season . Teagarden , batting ninth	False
Teagarden , a member of the bronze medal U. S. Olympic team , has six homers and 17 RBIs in 12 major league games this season . Teagarden , batting ninth , hit his bases-loaded homer in the sixth	True
Teagarden , batting ninth , hit his bases-loaded homer in the sixth to rally Texas from a 5 - 3 deficit to a 7 - 5 lead . Detroit carried an 8 - 7 edge into the eighth	True
Placido Polanco 's eighth-inning RBI single off Frank Francisco had given the Tigers an 8 - 7 lead . Francisco ( 3 - 5 ) got the final out in the eighth	True
Placido Polanco 's eighth-inning RBI single off Frank Francisco had given the Tigers an 8 - 7 lead . Francisco ( 3 - 5 ) got the final out in the eighth , then worked the ninth	True
The team medical staff will monitor McCarthy 's injury over the next few days to determine if surgery is necessary . Sheffield lined a three - run blast in the fourth	True
Sheffield lined a three - run blast in the fourth off Josh Rupe , his 17th of the season to make it 4 - 0 . Sheffield is 25th on the career home run list , seven behind No . 24 Eddie Murray . Travis Metcalf had a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Toronto , which swept Tampa bay last weekend , still has five more games left against the Red Sox . Burnett , 5 - 0 in his career against Boston , left with runners on first	False
Toronto , which swept Tampa bay last weekend , still has five more games left against the Red Sox . Burnett , 5 - 0 in his career against Boston , left with runners on first and second	False
Burnett , 5 - 0 in his career against Boston , left with runners on first and second after second baseman Joe Inglett dropped a throw for an error on a play that would have been a forceout . Leading 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
Byrd , making his fourth start against Toronto since August 9 , was tagged for 10 hits and five runs in five - plus innings . It could have been worse for Byrd . The Blue Jays had two runners thrown out at third	False
But it did n't matter the way Burnett was going , mixing his overpowering fastball with a hard breaking pitch . Snider 's two - run double off reliever David Aardsma made it 7 - 0 in the sixth	True
Washington , who has been around the game a little longer than Harrison , was the giddy one in the clubhouse . Hank Blalock hit a home run for third consecutive game and Taylor Teagarden also homered for the Rangers , who won their second straight and third	False
Washington , who has been around the game a little longer than Harrison , was the giddy one in the clubhouse . Hank Blalock hit a home run for third consecutive game and Taylor Teagarden also homered for the Rangers , who won their second straight and third of four overall . Texas moved 5 1/2 games ahead of the A 's in its bid to finish second	False
The Rangers turned a pair of double plays to establish a club record with 180 . Blalock , who also had a sacrifice fly , hit his seventh home run of the season to open the scoring with two outs in the second	True
The Giants matched their season-high win streak of five straight . Alex Hinshaw ( 2 - 1 ) got one out for the win after Wilson blew his fifth save of the year . Wilson , second	False
Alex Hinshaw ( 2 - 1 ) got one out for the win after Wilson blew his fifth save of the year . Wilson , second in the NL with 37 saves , stood to take the loss before his teammates rallied off Lyon . Bengie Molina started the comeback with a one - out single . Rohlinger entered to pinch run and moved to second	False
The plan worked better than expected until Arizona rallied against Wilson . Hennessey pitched six strong innings , giving up four hits including a solo home run to Stephen Drew in the third	True
The plan worked better than expected until Arizona rallied against Wilson . Hennessey pitched six strong innings , giving up four hits including a solo home run to Stephen Drew in the third , and pitched out of jams in the first	True
The plan worked better than expected until Arizona rallied against Wilson . Hennessey pitched six strong innings , giving up four hits including a solo home run to Stephen Drew in the third , and pitched out of jams in the first and fourth	True
The plan worked better than expected until Arizona rallied against Wilson . Hennessey pitched six strong innings , giving up four hits including a solo home run to Stephen Drew in the third , and pitched out of jams in the first and fourth . He retired nine of the final 11 batters he faced before giving way to reliever Jack Taschner to start the seventh	True
That seemed to be enough against Arizona , which had n't shown much life the past two weeks while tumbling out of first place in the NL West . Drew homered off Hennessey in the third	True
That seemed to be enough against Arizona , which had n't shown much life the past two weeks while tumbling out of first place in the NL West . Drew homered off Hennessey in the third but the Diamondbacks could n't get much else off the Giants ' starter , who left with a 2 - 1 lead after Velez 's bases-loaded double in the third	True
Kendrick ( 11 - 9 ) allowed seven runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings . Marlins starter Chris Volstad left after three innings with a bruised right leg . He was hit by Carlos Ruiz 's hard grounder leading off the third	True
Marlins starter Chris Volstad left after three innings with a bruised right leg . He was hit by Carlos Ruiz 's hard grounder leading off the third . Reliever Eulogio De La Cruz allowed six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , nearly blowing the eight - run lead . Kevin Gregg ( 7 - 8 ) retired the side in the seventh	True
Reliever Eulogio De La Cruz allowed six runs and five hits in two - plus innings , nearly blowing the eight - run lead . Kevin Gregg ( 7 - 8 ) retired the side in the seventh . Matt Lindstrom , the Marlins ' eighth pitcher , got the final out for his second save . Trailing 10 - 4 , the Phillies rallied in the sixth	True
Trailing 10 - 4 , the Phillies rallied in the sixth . Howard doubled , Pat Burrell walked and Shane Victorino singled to cut it to 10 - 5 and chase De La Cruz . Doug Waechter entered to face Greg Dobbs , who lined a two - run double . Pinch-hitter Matt Stairs followed with an RBI single to make it 10 - 8 . After Chris Coste flied to right , Jimmy Rollins singled and stole second	False
Kendrick was skipped in the rotation his last start , allowing ace Cole Hamels to pitch against the Mets on Sunday night . Hamels struggled and the Phillies lost 6 - 3 . Kendrick is likely headed for mop-up duty the rest of the season . He 's 1 - 4 with an 11.35 ERA in his last six starts since beating Florida on Aug. 6 . Dan Uggla lined a two - run single and Josh Willingham 's sacrifice fly gave Florida a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Dan Uggla lined a two - run single and Josh Willingham 's sacrifice fly gave Florida a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Kendrick could n't get out of the second	True
Kendrick could n't get out of the second . Volstad and Hanley Ramirez hit consecutive one - out doubles . After John Baker walked , Cantu hit a three - run homer to put the Marlins ahead 7 - 1 . Jacobs connected off J. A. Happ in the fourth	True
Jacobs connected off J. A. Happ in the fourth to make it 9 - 1 . Jacobs ' 32nd homer landed in the Phillies ' bullpen in right-center . Howard hit a two - run drive off De La Cruz in the fourth	True
Howard hit a two - run drive off De La Cruz in the fourth . Burrell followed with a standup triple , a rarity for the slow-footed slugger , and he scored on Victorino 's groundout . Ross hit a solo shot off Happ leading off the fifth	True
The Dodgers won the season series by a 10 - 8 margin for the third straight year , after losing seven of the first 10 meetings . They have won five straight against Arizona , including two each against Webb and Dan Haren . Broxton gave up a two - out double in the ninth	True
The Dodgers won the season series by a 10 - 8 margin for the third straight year , after losing seven of the first 10 meetings . They have won five straight against Arizona , including two each against Webb and Dan Haren . Broxton gave up a two - out double in the ninth to pinch-hitter Chad Tracy and walked Adam Dunn , bringing Conor Jackson to the plate as the potential go-ahead run . But Garciaparra robbed Jackson of a hit with a diving catch of his line drive in the hole between first	True
The Dodgers won the season series by a 10 - 8 margin for the third straight year , after losing seven of the first 10 meetings . They have won five straight against Arizona , including two each against Webb and Dan Haren . Broxton gave up a two - out double in the ninth to pinch-hitter Chad Tracy and walked Adam Dunn , bringing Conor Jackson to the plate as the potential go-ahead run . But Garciaparra robbed Jackson of a hit with a diving catch of his line drive in the hole between first and second	False
Broxton gave up a two - out double in the ninth to pinch-hitter Chad Tracy and walked Adam Dunn , bringing Conor Jackson to the plate as the potential go-ahead run . But Garciaparra robbed Jackson of a hit with a diving catch of his line drive in the hole between first and second for the final out . With the score tied at 3 , Blake DeWitt greeted reliever Jon Rauch ( 4 - 6 ) with a ground-rule double to lead off the seventh	True
Broxton gave up a two - out double in the ninth to pinch-hitter Chad Tracy and walked Adam Dunn , bringing Conor Jackson to the plate as the potential go-ahead run . But Garciaparra robbed Jackson of a hit with a diving catch of his line drive in the hole between first and second for the final out . With the score tied at 3 , Blake DeWitt greeted reliever Jon Rauch ( 4 - 6 ) with a ground-rule double to lead off the seventh . DeWitt took third	False
Kershaw , a 20-year-old lefty , threw 91 pitches over four innings and allowed three runs and six hits . Two of them were solo homers by Dunn and Chris Snyder . Snyder hit his 14th homer in the second -- ending a run of 25 1/3 consecutive scoreless innings by Dodgers starting pitchers against the Diamondbacks . Dunn , moved up to the third spot in the order after batting cleanup in his first 23 games with Arizona , tied the score 2-all with his 36th of the season and fourth	False
The rookie left-hander pitched eight shutout innings , helping Toronto complete a three - game sweep with a 1 - 0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Sunday , and extending the Blue Jays ' winning streak to eight games . Jesse Carlson closed it out in the ninth	True
Garza , who walked one and struck out seven , came in 3 - 1 with an 0.29 ERA in four starts against Toronto this season , and had n't allowed a run in his past 24 1/3 innings against the Blue Jays . Two starts ago , on Aug. 27 , he worked 7 2/3 shutout innings and Tampa Bay beat Purcey and the Blue Jays 1 - 0 on a solo homer by Carlos Pena . Purcey ( 3 - 5 ) ended his outing by getting out of a jam in the eighth	True
Purcey ( 3 - 5 ) ended his outing by getting out of a jam in the eighth , loading the bases with two outs but getting Rocco Baldelli on a fly ball to left to end the inning . Rays third baseman Willy Aybar hit a one - out single in the second	True
Purcey ( 3 - 5 ) ended his outing by getting out of a jam in the eighth , loading the bases with two outs but getting Rocco Baldelli on a fly ball to left to end the inning . Rays third baseman Willy Aybar hit a one - out single in the second but was thrown out at first	False
Rays third baseman Willy Aybar hit a one - out single in the second but was thrown out at first by catcher Rod Barajas on a ball that bounced in the dirt . Jason Bartlett followed with a double , but Fernando Perez flied out to end the inning . Toronto broke through against Garza in the bottom half when Adam Lind doubled , went to third	False
It was Toronto 's first run off Garza since May 7 , when Marco Scutaro 's RBI single broke a scoreless tie and chased Garza in a game the Blue Jays won 6 - 2 . Upton hit a leadoff single in the fourth	True
It was Toronto 's first run off Garza since May 7 , when Marco Scutaro 's RBI single broke a scoreless tie and chased Garza in a game the Blue Jays won 6 - 2 . Upton hit a leadoff single in the fourth but became the second Ray to be thrown out on the basepaths when Purcey picked him off first	False
Upton said he was trying to time Purcey 's move to the plate , but jumped a fraction too soon . Garza was left with seam marks on his arm after he was struck by Scutaro 's liner with runners at first	False
Upton said he was trying to time Purcey 's move to the plate , but jumped a fraction too soon . Garza was left with seam marks on his arm after he was struck by Scutaro 's liner with runners at first and second	False
Upton said he was trying to time Purcey 's move to the plate , but jumped a fraction too soon . Garza was left with seam marks on his arm after he was struck by Scutaro 's liner with runners at first and second in the fifth	True
Upton said he was trying to time Purcey 's move to the plate , but jumped a fraction too soon . Garza was left with seam marks on his arm after he was struck by Scutaro 's liner with runners at first and second in the fifth . Garza recovered to throw out Scutaro on the play , then stranded runners at second	False
Upton said he was trying to time Purcey 's move to the plate , but jumped a fraction too soon . Garza was left with seam marks on his arm after he was struck by Scutaro 's liner with runners at first and second in the fifth . Garza recovered to throw out Scutaro on the play , then stranded runners at second and third	False
SEATTLE -- The Yankees just found out what $ 209 million can buy : Fourth place . Jose Lopez hit two homers , Ryan Feierabend went from idle to impressive and the Seattle Mariners sent the New York Yankees tumbling into fourth	False
Jose Lopez hit two homers , Ryan Feierabend went from idle to impressive and the Seattle Mariners sent the New York Yankees tumbling into fourth with a 5 - 2 victory on Sunday . The team that has made the postseason for 13 consecutive years trails the Red Sox by 8 games in the AL wild-card race with 19 games remaining . More tellingly , they fell into fourth	False
It 's looking like time for them to fire up the TVs and dust off the couches for this October . Lopez 's liner just over the wall in left field gave the AL 's worst team a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
It 's looking like time for them to fire up the TVs and dust off the couches for this October . Lopez 's liner just over the wall in left field gave the AL 's worst team a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth off Mike Mussina ( 17 - 8 ) . Mussina allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings and made a key error -- his first	False
Lopez 's liner just over the wall in left field gave the AL 's worst team a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth off Mike Mussina ( 17 - 8 ) . Mussina allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings and made a key error -- his first in three years -- that led to the Mariners ' fourth run . Lopez added another homer in the eighth	True
One of the only remaining dramas of the Yankees ' season is whether Mussina , who struck out seven and walked one , will win 20 games for the first time in his 18 seasons . He will get at least three more starts . The Yankees had two on and one out in the ninth	True
Rodriguez got picked off first base to kill a rally when he got tricked by a rookie first baseman . With New York trailing 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
Rodriguez got picked off first base to kill a rally when he got tricked by a rookie first baseman . With New York trailing 3 - 2 in the fifth , Rodriguez walked with two outs and Jeter already at second	False
With New York trailing 3 - 2 in the fifth , Rodriguez walked with two outs and Jeter already at second . First baseman Bryan LaHair , who has played with lefty Feierabend for years in the minor leagues , noticed Rodriguez took a large secondary lead as soon as Feierabend lifted his leg to start his first pitch . So LaHair , playing behind the bag , flashed a familiar signal to his buddy for a backdoor pickoff play . Rodriguez was caught so far off first base , his only play was to run to second	False
With New York trailing 3 - 2 in the fifth , Rodriguez walked with two outs and Jeter already at second . First baseman Bryan LaHair , who has played with lefty Feierabend for years in the minor leagues , noticed Rodriguez took a large secondary lead as soon as Feierabend lifted his leg to start his first pitch . So LaHair , playing behind the bag , flashed a familiar signal to his buddy for a backdoor pickoff play . Rodriguez was caught so far off first base , his only play was to run to second . That forced Jeter toward third	False
He 's still looking for Feierabend 's move . In the third	True
He 's still looking for Feierabend 's move . In the third , Jeter singled to tie Babe Ruth for second	False
In the third , Jeter singled to tie Babe Ruth for second on the Yankees ' all-time hit list . It was Jeter 's 2,518th hit . Lou Gehrig had 2,721 hits for New York . Jeter 's home run in the first	True
In the third , Jeter singled to tie Babe Ruth for second on the Yankees ' all-time hit list . It was Jeter 's 2,518th hit . Lou Gehrig had 2,721 hits for New York . Jeter 's home run in the first was his 205th , tying him for 11th	False
Andre Ethier went 5 - for - 5 and drove in a career-high five runs , and Derek Lowe held Arizona to two hits over eight innings . The Dodgers earned their sixth straight victory and sent the Diamondbacks to their eighth loss in their last 11 . For the second time in three games , Ethier came close to hitting for the cycle . After he homered , singled and hit a ground-rule double in his first three at-bats , he doubled to left-center in the sixth	True
Andre Ethier went 5 - for - 5 and drove in a career-high five runs , and Derek Lowe held Arizona to two hits over eight innings . The Dodgers earned their sixth straight victory and sent the Diamondbacks to their eighth loss in their last 11 . For the second time in three games , Ethier came close to hitting for the cycle . After he homered , singled and hit a ground-rule double in his first three at-bats , he doubled to left-center in the sixth . When center fielder Chris Young bobbled the ball , Ethier started for third	False
Since Young probably would have drawn an error , Ethier 's hit likely would n't have provided the triple he needed for the cycle . Ethier hit his 20th homer off Dan Haren ( 14 - 8 ) in the first inning , a two - run single in the second	True
Since Young probably would have drawn an error , Ethier 's hit likely would n't have provided the triple he needed for the cycle . Ethier hit his 20th homer off Dan Haren ( 14 - 8 ) in the first inning , a two - run single in the second and RBI doubles in the fourth	True
Since Young probably would have drawn an error , Ethier 's hit likely would n't have provided the triple he needed for the cycle . Ethier hit his 20th homer off Dan Haren ( 14 - 8 ) in the first inning , a two - run single in the second and RBI doubles in the fourth and sixth	True
He homered , singled and tripled in Los Angeles ' 8 - 4 win over San Diego on Tuesday . Lowe ( 12 - 11 ) kept hitters off balance with a wicked sinker . He struck out four and walked two , surrendering singles to Conor Jackson in the fourth	True
He homered , singled and tripled in Los Angeles ' 8 - 4 win over San Diego on Tuesday . Lowe ( 12 - 11 ) kept hitters off balance with a wicked sinker . He struck out four and walked two , surrendering singles to Conor Jackson in the fourth and Chris Young in the fifth	True
Lowe added , `` People have wondered how we 're going to beat Haren and [ Brandon ] Webb . We 're pretty good over here , too . '' Chan Ho Park pitched the ninth	True
Dolphin Stadium 's bright orange and aqua seats were more visible than normal , leaving most fans to reflect the afternoon sun . While the official attendance , based on tickets sold , was 11,211 , the ballpark was so quiet that home-plate chatter could be heard . Jeremy Hermida had two hits and an RBI , and three relievers kept the Braves scoreless over the final three innings to preserve the win . Doug Waechter ( 4 - 2 ) got his first win since July 25 , and Nelson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Florida is used to a lack of support , but even Wednesday 's game was a stretch for the Marlins , who are by far the majors worst in attendance with an average between 16,000 and 17,000 fans . Cody Ross hit an RBI single , and Ramirez scored on a wild pitch by Vladimir Nunez to give the Marlins a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
All five have been victories . The Dodgers trailed 3 - 1 before scoring four runs in the fourth	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 8 - 10 ) was the winner despite allowing 10 hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings with one walk and four strikeouts . He gave up 26 hits and 10 earned runs in 39 1/3 innings over his previous six starts . Jonathan Broxton , the fifth Dodgers pitcher , worked a perfect ninth	True
Rookie Chase Headley had three hits and Josh Bard drove in three runs for the Padres , who have lost 11 of 16 . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead off Wade LeBlanc ( 0 - 1 ) in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead off Wade LeBlanc ( 0 - 1 ) in the third when Berroa doubled and scored on a one - out single by Russell Martin . LeBlanc avoided further damage by pitching out of a bases-loaded jam . The Padres went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead off Wade LeBlanc ( 0 - 1 ) in the third when Berroa doubled and scored on a one - out single by Russell Martin . LeBlanc avoided further damage by pitching out of a bases-loaded jam . The Padres went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Kevin Kouzmanoff , his 20th , and a two - out , two - run double by Bard . The Padres got their final run and chased Kuroda in the sixth	False
The Padres went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Kevin Kouzmanoff , his 20th , and a two - out , two - run double by Bard . The Padres got their final run and chased Kuroda in the sixth , scoring on Bard 's RBI single . San Diego threatened in the seventh	True
The Padres went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Kevin Kouzmanoff , his 20th , and a two - out , two - run double by Bard . The Padres got their final run and chased Kuroda in the sixth , scoring on Bard 's RBI single . San Diego threatened in the seventh before Cory Wade struck out Will Venable with runners at first	False
The Padres went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Kevin Kouzmanoff , his 20th , and a two - out , two - run double by Bard . The Padres got their final run and chased Kuroda in the sixth , scoring on Bard 's RBI single . San Diego threatened in the seventh before Cory Wade struck out Will Venable with runners at first and third	False
The Rays scored on Jason Bartlett 's safety squeeze and built another rally when Rocco Baldelli walked on a checked swing that seemed to confuse players and umpires alike . Shields pitched shutout ball into the sixth	True
Shields pitched shutout ball into the sixth , working out of trouble just as Hamels did for a 3 - 2 win Wednesday night . Tampa Bay is 5 - 3 at home in the postseason after going a major league-best 57 - 24 during the season . The 23-year-old Price , called up in September after he was the top pick in last year 's draft , struck out slugger Ryan Howard with two on to end the seventh	True
The 23-year-old Price , called up in September after he was the top pick in last year 's draft , struck out slugger Ryan Howard with two on to end the seventh . The hard-throwing lefty gave up a pinch-hit homer to Eric Bruntlett in the eighth	False
The hard-throwing lefty gave up a pinch-hit homer to Eric Bruntlett in the eighth , then stayed on to close it out against Philadelphia 's big boppers . Carlos Ruiz led off the ninth	True
Ruiz scored when third baseman Evan Longoria booted Jayson Werth 's grounder for an error , but Price fanned Chase Utley and got Howard on a game-ending grounder . Philadelphia 's lone hit with runners in scoring position was Shane Victorino 's infield single in the fourth	True
Shields usually flourishes at home , where he was 9 - 2 with a 2.59 ERA during the season . All four of his postseason starts have come at Tropicana Field , including a win over the Chicago White Sox in Tampa Bay 's first playoff game and two tough losses to Boston in the ALCS . A 14-game winner during the season , Shields looked surprised when he was pulled in the sixth	True
A 14-game winner during the season , Shields looked surprised when he was pulled in the sixth after 104 pitches . He doffed his cap to the crowd , and Dan Wheeler retired Pedro Feliz on an inning-ending grounder with runners at the corners . The Phillies had a chance to rally in the fifth	True
The Phillies had a chance to rally in the fifth after putting two on with one out . Utley hit a looper to right that was caught on the run by Baldelli , who fired to first behind Werth for an inning-ending double play . Back from two seasons derailed by injuries and mitochondrial disorder , a condition that slows muscle recovery and causes extreme fatigue , Baldelli also was involved on a confusing call in the second	True
Before the next inning started , Baldelli rested on one knee in right field . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Bartlett , the No . 9 hitter , drove in Cliff Floyd with a safety squeeze -- one pitch after fouling off a suicide squeeze attempt . Rays fans clanged their cowbells , just as they were instructed on the scoreboard in a campy `` public service announcement '' before the game . Demoted to the minors in July , Myers was in trouble from the start . He issued a leadoff walk to Akinori Iwamura in the first	True
In the fourth , Bartlett , the No . 9 hitter , drove in Cliff Floyd with a safety squeeze -- one pitch after fouling off a suicide squeeze attempt . Rays fans clanged their cowbells , just as they were instructed on the scoreboard in a campy `` public service announcement '' before the game . Demoted to the minors in July , Myers was in trouble from the start . He issued a leadoff walk to Akinori Iwamura in the first before Upton sliced an opposite-field single to right . Werth booted the ball for a key error that gave both runners an extra base , and Upton clapped his hands after sliding into second	False
Carlos Pena drove in a run with a groundout and the Phillies kept their infield back for Longoria , who made it 2 - 0 with another grounder . Shields gave up leadoff doubles in the second	True
Carlos Pena drove in a run with a groundout and the Phillies kept their infield back for Longoria , who made it 2 - 0 with another grounder . Shields gave up leadoff doubles in the second and third	True
Believe it : Baseball 's doormats have arrived . Going from worst to first	False
The Rays nearly let the series slip away when they blew a seven - run lead late in Game 5 and lost meekly Saturday night . But when rookie David Price struck out J. D. Drew with the bases loaded to end the eighth inning , the Rays were on their way . Price , who did n't make his major league debut until late September , also worked the ninth	True
The Red Sox were hoping to win their third crown in five years . Longoria 's fourth-inning double off Jon Lester tied it at 1-all . Baldelli 's RBI single put the Rays ahead in the fifth	True
Garza took the mound for the biggest game of his life with something , perhaps cotton balls , stuffed in his ears to help drown out the noise at sold-out Tropicana Field . The 24-year-old right-hander struck out nine before shortstop Jason Bartlett booted Alex Cora 's ground ball for an error , leading off a tense eighth	True
Boston went on to load the bases when Kevin Youkilis drew a two - out walk . Price , the No . 1 pick in the 2007 draft , became the fifth Tampa Bay pitcher of the inning -- quite a spot for someone who started the year in Class A . Drew , who capped the Game 5 rally with a ninth-inning single , struck out with a check-swing on a 97 mph fastball to end the threat . Price worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
As it turned out , that gave the Angels less than an extra 24 hours . Jon Lester held the Angels to four hits in seven shutout innings but lost his chance at a second victory in the series when they scored twice in the eighth	True
As it turned out , that gave the Angels less than an extra 24 hours . Jon Lester held the Angels to four hits in seven shutout innings but lost his chance at a second victory in the series when they scored twice in the eighth to tie it 2-all . Los Angeles had a chance to go ahead in the ninth	True
Jon Lester held the Angels to four hits in seven shutout innings but lost his chance at a second victory in the series when they scored twice in the eighth to tie it 2-all . Los Angeles had a chance to go ahead in the ninth before Erick Aybar , whose 12th-inning single was the winner in Game 3 , missed on a squeeze attempt . In the bottom half , Bay lofted a fly ball down the right-field line that Reggie Willits pursued and dove for before it one - hopped into the stands for a ground-rule double . First baseman Mark Teixeira made a diving catch of Mark Kotsay 's line drive for the second	False
Again , it was only a temporary save . Lowrie grounded a single into right , and Bay raced around third	False
It 's been a common sight in Boston , but one Bay had never taken part in before he was acquired from Pittsburgh when the Red Sox unloaded Manny Ramirez at the July 31 trade deadline . Manny Delcarmen got two outs in the ninth	True
It 's been a common sight in Boston , but one Bay had never taken part in before he was acquired from Pittsburgh when the Red Sox unloaded Manny Ramirez at the July 31 trade deadline . Manny Delcarmen got two outs in the ninth for the win , squelching the Angels ' chances to take the lead by getting Aybar to whiff on a bunt try with one out and a runner on third	False
It 's been a common sight in Boston , but one Bay had never taken part in before he was acquired from Pittsburgh when the Red Sox unloaded Manny Ramirez at the July 31 trade deadline . Manny Delcarmen got two outs in the ninth for the win , squelching the Angels ' chances to take the lead by getting Aybar to whiff on a bunt try with one out and a runner on third . Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek , whose passed ball helped Los Angeles tie the game in the eighth	True
It 's been a common sight in Boston , but one Bay had never taken part in before he was acquired from Pittsburgh when the Red Sox unloaded Manny Ramirez at the July 31 trade deadline . Manny Delcarmen got two outs in the ninth for the win , squelching the Angels ' chances to take the lead by getting Aybar to whiff on a bunt try with one out and a runner on third . Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek , whose passed ball helped Los Angeles tie the game in the eighth , pursued pinch-runner Willits back toward third	False
Lester and John Lackey , who also faced each other in Boston 's Game 1 victory , matched scoreless innings through four before Kotsay and Varitek singled , Jacoby Ellsbury drove in a run with a groundout and Dustin Pedroia added an RBI double . An AL MVP candidate who was hitless in his first 15 at-bats of the playoffs , Pedroia pulled up one step before second base to bang his hands together in celebration . But the Angels tied it in the eighth	True
After flailing mostly at air through six shutout innings by the hard-throwing Arizona starter , the Brewers scored four runs off the Diamondbacks ' bullpen in the seventh inning and held on to win 4 - 1 on Thursday . In a significant test of Milwaukee 's more patient approach at the plate this season , the Brewers could n't score off Scherzer . But they did make him work hard enough to leave the game after the sixth	True
It was another momentum-building victory for the Brewers , who got their longest -- and best -- outing of the season from starter Jeff Suppan . Coming off a three - game sweep of Pittsburgh , Milwaukee has won eight of its last nine games after a rough start to the season . New Brewers closer Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth	True
It was a hard-luck outing for Scherzer , who struck out seven in a dominant outing but again was denied his first career victory . Scherzer left the game with a 1 - 0 lead , but the Diamondbacks ' bullpen could n't hold on . Tom Gordon ( 0 - 1 ) walked Bill Hall to lead off the inning , then allowed a soft single to Jason Kendall . Pinch-hitter Craig Counsell chopped a grounder to first baseman Chad Tracy , who ran all the way across the infield to tag Hall , who was frozen between third	False
Tom Gordon ( 0 - 1 ) walked Bill Hall to lead off the inning , then allowed a soft single to Jason Kendall . Pinch-hitter Craig Counsell chopped a grounder to first baseman Chad Tracy , who ran all the way across the infield to tag Hall , who was frozen between third and home . The runners advanced to second	False
Tom Gordon ( 0 - 1 ) walked Bill Hall to lead off the inning , then allowed a soft single to Jason Kendall . Pinch-hitter Craig Counsell chopped a grounder to first baseman Chad Tracy , who ran all the way across the infield to tag Hall , who was frozen between third and home . The runners advanced to second and third	False
Cameron then smacked a ground-rule double to left field to score two more and put Milwaukee up 4 - 1 . Brewers reliever Mark DiFelice ( 2 - 0 ) got a pair of outs in the seventh	True
Scherzer repeatedly threw fastballs between 94 and 96 mph for strikes . Suppan was n't nearly as flashy but was almost as effective . He gave up a leadoff home run to Felipe Lopez in 6 1/3 innings . Suppan gave up only five more hits and no walks , exiting to applause with one out in the seventh	True
Boston 's backup outfielder homered with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Red Sox to a 6 - 5 , comeback win over the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday night . Van Every hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Jensen Lewis ( 2 - 3 ) to center field . Van Every , who had one plate appearance this season coming in , got his first	False
Boston 's backup outfielder homered with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Red Sox to a 6 - 5 , comeback win over the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday night . Van Every hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Jensen Lewis ( 2 - 3 ) to center field . Van Every , who had one plate appearance this season coming in , got his first of the season -- an RBI single -- during Boston 's three - run rally in the eighth	True
Van Every hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Jensen Lewis ( 2 - 3 ) to center field . Van Every , who had one plate appearance this season coming in , got his first of the season -- an RBI single -- during Boston 's three - run rally in the eighth that was aided by third baseman Mark DeRosa 's error . Hideki Okajima ( 2 - 0 ) worked the ninth	True
Van Every hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Jensen Lewis ( 2 - 3 ) to center field . Van Every , who had one plate appearance this season coming in , got his first of the season -- an RBI single -- during Boston 's three - run rally in the eighth that was aided by third baseman Mark DeRosa 's error . Hideki Okajima ( 2 - 0 ) worked the ninth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the 10th	True
Lewis and Van Every were teammates at various times and even roomed together occasionally . Lewis also allowed Jacoby Ellsbury 's tying single in the eighth	True
The loss capped a bad day for the Indians , who placed designated hitter Travis Hafner on the disabled list with a sore right shoulder . Hafner , who had surgery on the shoulder in October , is batting .270 with four homers and eight RBIs . Cleveland led 5 - 2 going into the eighth	True
Ellsbury 's single up the middle tied it , an at-bat that stuck out in Cleveland manager Eric Wedge 's mind more than the home run by Van Every . DeRosa hit a solo homer in the second	True
Ellsbury 's single up the middle tied it , an at-bat that stuck out in Cleveland manager Eric Wedge 's mind more than the home run by Van Every . DeRosa hit a solo homer in the second and Kelly Shoppach , starting at DH in place of Hafner , added a two - run homer in the fourth	True
DeRosa hit a solo homer in the second and Kelly Shoppach , starting at DH in place of Hafner , added a two - run homer in the fourth , helping the Indians build a 5 - 0 lead . Fausto Carmona held Boston to two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He retired 12 straight batters between the second	True
DeRosa hit a solo homer in the second and Kelly Shoppach , starting at DH in place of Hafner , added a two - run homer in the fourth , helping the Indians build a 5 - 0 lead . Fausto Carmona held Boston to two runs in 6 2/3 innings . He retired 12 straight batters between the second and sixth innings . Lowell , extending his hitting streak to 13 games , and Varitek had RBI doubles in the sixth	True
Leyland 's Detroit Tigers were in a scoreless duel with the New York Yankees through six innings . New York then scored 10 runs in the seventh en route to an 11 - 0 victory . Leyland was n't having a memory lapse -- according to the Elias Sports Bureau , no team had broken up a scoreless tie after the sixth	True
Leyland 's Detroit Tigers were in a scoreless duel with the New York Yankees through six innings . New York then scored 10 runs in the seventh en route to an 11 - 0 victory . Leyland was n't having a memory lapse -- according to the Elias Sports Bureau , no team had broken up a scoreless tie after the sixth with a 10-run inning since the Cincinnati Reds scored 10 in the top of the 13th	True
Hughes , who replaced the injured Chien-Ming Wang in the rotation , allowed two hits in his first win since 2007 . Nick Swisher led off the seventh	True
Swisher walked to load the bases , and Cabrera walked for the second time in the inning to force in the sixth run . Molina hit a grand slam on the next pitch , about a half-hour after his successful sacrifice . Swisher led off the ninth	True
Pineiro ( 4 - 0 ) went 6 2/3 innings , allowing seven hits and a pair of runs while walking none . He also won his first four decisions for Seattle in 2001 . He got 12 of his 20 outs on grounders , with shortstop Brendan Ryan making a couple of especially nifty plays . Ryan stopped one on his knees , popping up to throw out David Ross , and pulled off a double play with a simultaneous throw as he was stepping on second	False
He got 12 of his 20 outs on grounders , with shortstop Brendan Ryan making a couple of especially nifty plays . Ryan stopped one on his knees , popping up to throw out David Ross , and pulled off a double play with a simultaneous throw as he was stepping on second . He waited until his final pitch to get his first strikeout , and it was a big one . Pineiro whiffed Brandon Jones with the potential tying run at second base in the seventh	True
He waited until his final pitch to get his first strikeout , and it was a big one . Pineiro whiffed Brandon Jones with the potential tying run at second base in the seventh , then headed to the showers . Chris Perez struck out Ross to end the threat . Kyle McClellan escaped a bases-loaded jam in the eighth	True
He waited until his final pitch to get his first strikeout , and it was a big one . Pineiro whiffed Brandon Jones with the potential tying run at second base in the seventh , then headed to the showers . Chris Perez struck out Ross to end the threat . Kyle McClellan escaped a bases-loaded jam in the eighth , and Ryan Franklin worked a perfect ninth	True
Kyle McClellan escaped a bases-loaded jam in the eighth , and Ryan Franklin worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in as many chances . Ankiel had a pair of two - out , run-scoring singles , one in the second inning to push the Cardinals to a 2 - 0 lead and another in the seventh	True
No one has been hurt more than Jair Jurrjens ( 2 - 2 ) . He 's 0 - 2 over his last three starts , despite giving up just three runs in 20 1/3 innings . He bounced back from a shaky start to go six solid innings against the Cardinals , allowing two runs and six hits . Casey Kotchman , taking over the cleanup spot for McCann , had two doubles and three hits but flied out on a high pitch to end the eighth	True
Russ Ortiz ( 2 - 0 ) pitched five innings for the Astros and improved his record at Minute Maid Park to 6 - 0 . He allowed four hits , two earned runs with four walks and three strikeouts . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his second save in four opportunities . He struck out Ryan Braun looking and got Prince Fielder to ground out for the final two outs . Trailing 1 - 0 , the Astros rallied for two runs off Parra in the third inning after there were two outs . Lance Berkman lined a drive off second baseman Rickie Weeks ' glove for an error , scoring Ortiz , and Carlos Lee followed with a run-scoring single . Jason Kendall had an RBI single to tie it in the fourth	True
Milwaukee , trying for its first sweep of the season , got an early 1 - 0 lead . Fielder walked to start the second inning and Mike Cameron drove him home with a double into the left-field corner . It could have been worse for Ortiz . He allowed Cameron to reach third	False
Milwaukee , trying for its first sweep of the season , got an early 1 - 0 lead . Fielder walked to start the second inning and Mike Cameron drove him home with a double into the left-field corner . It could have been worse for Ortiz . He allowed Cameron to reach third with a wild pickoff throw into center field and after Brad Nelson flew out and Bill Hall popped out , Ortiz hit Jason Kendall with a pitch . He then struck out Parra for the third	True
Chase Utley hit a go-ahead RBI single in the 10th inning and the Phillies beat Florida 6 - 4 on Saturday night , handing the Marlins their fifth straight loss . Philadelphia trailed 3 - 0 before it scored seven times in the ninth inning to beat Florida 7 - 3 on Friday night . Florida led 4 - 3 on Saturday night before Philadelphia tied it in the ninth	True
Shane Victorino got Saturday night 's rally started with a one - out single off Logan Kensing ( 0 - 1 ) , who was designated for assignment after the game . Victorino stole second	False
Shane Victorino got Saturday night 's rally started with a one - out single off Logan Kensing ( 0 - 1 ) , who was designated for assignment after the game . Victorino stole second and scored when Utley lined a shot past shortstop Hanley Ramirez and into center field . Utley moved to third	False
Victorino stole second and scored when Utley lined a shot past shortstop Hanley Ramirez and into center field . Utley moved to third on Ryan Howard 's base hit and scored on Jayson Werth 's single to make it 6 - 4 . Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Victorino stole second and scored when Utley lined a shot past shortstop Hanley Ramirez and into center field . Utley moved to third on Ryan Howard 's base hit and scored on Jayson Werth 's single to make it 6 - 4 . Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth and Brad Lidge worked out of a bases-loaded situation in the 10th	True
Chris Volstad allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in seven innings for Florida . He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . The Marlins scored four times in the fourth	True
Park gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings . He retired the last eight batters he faced . Park connected with one out in the third	True
They doubled that production Wednesday , and that was all the hard-luck pitcher needed in a 2 - 0 victory over the Colorado Rockies . Haren ( 1 - 3 ) pitched seven sharp innings for his first win this season , and Ryan Roberts ' pinch-hit single broke a scoreless tie in the seventh	True
Haren ( 1 - 3 ) pitched seven sharp innings for his first win this season , and Ryan Roberts ' pinch-hit single broke a scoreless tie in the seventh . Haren and Colorado 's Jorge De La Rosa matched shutout innings until the seventh	True
Haren ( 1 - 3 ) pitched seven sharp innings for his first win this season , and Ryan Roberts ' pinch-hit single broke a scoreless tie in the seventh . Haren and Colorado 's Jorge De La Rosa matched shutout innings until the seventh , when Chris Young singled off De La Rosa , went to second	False
The start looked a lot like Haren 's first three , except for the result . Tony Pena and Chad Qualls finished the nine - hit shutout , with Qualls working out of a two - on , two - out jam in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks were at it again with Chase Field 's roof closed on a 92-degree afternoon in the desert . They produced two hits through five innings against De La Rosa , who entered with a lifetime 5.52 ERA . One of the hits was a single to center by Haren . Arizona wasted a chance in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks were at it again with Chase Field 's roof closed on a 92-degree afternoon in the desert . They produced two hits through five innings against De La Rosa , who entered with a lifetime 5.52 ERA . One of the hits was a single to center by Haren . Arizona wasted a chance in the sixth , when Jackson walked and stole second	False
The Diamondbacks were at it again with Chase Field 's roof closed on a 92-degree afternoon in the desert . They produced two hits through five innings against De La Rosa , who entered with a lifetime 5.52 ERA . One of the hits was a single to center by Haren . Arizona wasted a chance in the sixth , when Jackson walked and stole second with one out . Mark Reynolds singled to left , but third base coach Chip Hale held Jackson at third	False
Sizemore connected in Cleveland 's four - run fourth inning as the Indians built a 6 - 1 lead , but it was the six double play balls that saved the day for the Tribe . Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third	True
Sizemore connected in Cleveland 's four - run fourth inning as the Indians built a 6 - 1 lead , but it was the six double play balls that saved the day for the Tribe . Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third , fourth	True
Sizemore connected in Cleveland 's four - run fourth inning as the Indians built a 6 - 1 lead , but it was the six double play balls that saved the day for the Tribe . Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third , fourth , fifth	True
Sizemore connected in Cleveland 's four - run fourth inning as the Indians built a 6 - 1 lead , but it was the six double play balls that saved the day for the Tribe . Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third , fourth , fifth , sixth	True
Sizemore connected in Cleveland 's four - run fourth inning as the Indians built a 6 - 1 lead , but it was the six double play balls that saved the day for the Tribe . Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third , fourth , fifth , sixth and seventh	True
Sizemore connected in Cleveland 's four - run fourth inning as the Indians built a 6 - 1 lead , but it was the six double play balls that saved the day for the Tribe . Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third , fourth , fifth , sixth and seventh . Coco Crisp bounced into an inning-ending double play in the seventh	True
Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third , fourth , fifth , sixth and seventh . Coco Crisp bounced into an inning-ending double play in the seventh after the Royals loaded the bases . The biggest double play came after Kansas City rallied for four runs in the eighth	False
Laffey ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the first -- the only run he allowed in seven innings -- and was helped by double-play grounders in the third , fourth , fifth , sixth and seventh . Coco Crisp bounced into an inning-ending double play in the seventh after the Royals loaded the bases . The biggest double play came after Kansas City rallied for four runs in the eighth . The threat ended when Jensen Lewis got Miguel Olivo to bounce into a double play with the tying run on first	False
Kansas City 's big eighth inning cut it to 6 - 5 but Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the bottom half . Kerry Wood allowed David DeJesus ' two - run homer in the ninth	True
Mark DeRosa scored the final run of the inning on Robinson Tejeda 's wild pitch . Kansas City rallied in the eighth	True
The bullpen has been a problem throughout the early part of the season for the Indians , who made an adjustment after the game . Left-hander Zach Jackson , who had been their long man , was demoted and lefty Tony Sipp was called up from Triple-A Columbus . Sipp will serve as a matchup reliever in late situations . Teahen also singled in a run in the first	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Glen Perkins is making this look easy . Even a blistering comebacker off Bobby Abreu 's powerful bat could n't keep him from finishing off another fine start . Perkins walked gingerly around the mound after the scary moment in the seventh	True
Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) scattered four hits and walked one while striking out four , needing only 84 pitches . His performance was persuasive enough for manager Ron Gardenhire and pitching coach Rick Anderson to leave him in the game after Abreu 's drive bounced off the side of his left leg -- just above the knee . Third baseman Brendan Harris picked the ball up and threw to first	False
Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) scattered four hits and walked one while striking out four , needing only 84 pitches . His performance was persuasive enough for manager Ron Gardenhire and pitching coach Rick Anderson to leave him in the game after Abreu 's drive bounced off the side of his left leg -- just above the knee . Third baseman Brendan Harris picked the ball up and threw to first for the out , and after realizing he was all right Perkins struck out Torii Hunter and retired Kendry Morales on a grounder . Perkins set down 13 straight before Erick Aybar bunted for a hit with two outs in the eighth	True
Third baseman Brendan Harris picked the ball up and threw to first for the out , and after realizing he was all right Perkins struck out Torii Hunter and retired Kendry Morales on a grounder . Perkins set down 13 straight before Erick Aybar bunted for a hit with two outs in the eighth . He left to a standing ovation after retiring Chone Figgins on a harmless roller . Anderson asked Perkins in the dugout during the seventh-inning stretch whether the spot where the ball hit had gone numb . Perkins thought his coach said he was done for the afternoon . No , he had one inning left , before turning it over to Joe Nathan for the ninth	True
He became the first Twins starter to finish eight innings in three straight starts since Johan Santana in June 2005 . The only run against Perkins came in the second inning , when Morales hit a bouncer that second baseman Alexi Casilla stopped with a dive . Abreu came home on the grounder . Casilla went 0 - for - 4 and is batting .196 , but was flawless in the field and also threw from his knees to retire Morales on a grounder to end the seventh	True
From the third inning on this year , Perkins has been nothing short of dominant : 18 frames , seven hits , one run . Loux 's start was a lift for the Angels , who used 11 pitchers in the first two games . But their bats were quiet for a second straight game . On their way to a lopsided victory on Friday , they let the Twins score seven times in the eighth	True
Looking more like a veteran than someone barely 20 , Porcello shut down Seattle for seven innings in his second major league start , retiring the final 14 batters he faced in the Tigers ' 8 - 2 win over the Mariners on Sunday . Along with Porcello 's impressive effort , Detroit got an unexpected offensive jolt from Ramon Santiago to take two of three from Seattle . Santiago came through with some small ball -- a run-scoring squeeze bunt in the fourth -- then added a double in the eighth	True
Porcello experienced some rookie bumps in his first start on April 9 against Toronto , lasting five innings and giving up nine hits . He learned from that initial experience , mixing his pitches to keep Seattle hitters off balance . Only once , in the second inning , did Porcello have two base runners on , but quickly erased that scoring chance with an inning-ending double play . Porcello allowed five hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . He retired his final 14 batters following Ichiro Suzuki 's infield single with one out in the third	True
Porcello experienced some rookie bumps in his first start on April 9 against Toronto , lasting five innings and giving up nine hits . He learned from that initial experience , mixing his pitches to keep Seattle hitters off balance . Only once , in the second inning , did Porcello have two base runners on , but quickly erased that scoring chance with an inning-ending double play . Porcello allowed five hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . He retired his final 14 batters following Ichiro Suzuki 's infield single with one out in the third . His only mistake was a hanging curveball that Ronny Cedeno sent into the Tigers ' bullpen for a solo homer in the third	True
Porcello allowed five hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . He retired his final 14 batters following Ichiro Suzuki 's infield single with one out in the third . His only mistake was a hanging curveball that Ronny Cedeno sent into the Tigers ' bullpen for a solo homer in the third . When he started to tire in the seventh	True
Silva gave up four runs and six hits , but needed 94 pitches to finish five innings , and the damage could have been worse if not for a few diving and spinning defensive gems by Beltre at third base . Silva unraveled in the top of the fourth	True
Silva gave up four runs and six hits , but needed 94 pitches to finish five innings , and the damage could have been worse if not for a few diving and spinning defensive gems by Beltre at third base . Silva unraveled in the top of the fourth in a 1-all game . Miguel Cabrera walked on a 3 - 2 pitch after a long at-bat , then quickly found his way to third	False
Meanwhile , the Phillies continued their up-and-down ways on a night the World Series champions honored legendary broadcaster Harry Kalas in a moving ceremony before the game . The Hall of Fame announcer died Monday in Washington after collapsing in the broadcast booth before a game against the Nationals . He was 73 . Chase Utley , one of Kalas ' favorite players , hit a three - run homer , but the Phillies got another shaky outing from Cole Hamels and setup man Ryan Madson ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs in the eighth	True
Luis Rodriguez and Nick Hundley also homered for the Padres , who got a poor outing from Chris Young . Cla Meredith ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Luis Rodriguez and Nick Hundley also homered for the Padres , who got a poor outing from Chris Young . Cla Meredith ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Duaner Sanchez worked the eighth	True
Cla Meredith ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Duaner Sanchez worked the eighth and Heath Bell finished for his sixth save . Padres left fielder Chase Headley threw out Greg Dobbs trying to score from second base on Utley 's single to end the eighth	True
Padres left fielder Chase Headley threw out Greg Dobbs trying to score from second base on Utley 's single to end the eighth and preserve the lead . Brad Lidge pitched out of a bases-loaded jam after giving up three straight singles to start the ninth	True
Brad Lidge pitched out of a bases-loaded jam after giving up three straight singles to start the ninth . But the Phillies could n't rally against Bell , who replaced Trevor Hoffman as San Diego 's closer . Madson had tossed four hitless innings before entering with a 7 - 5 lead . Headley singled to start the eighth	False
Hamels hardly pitched like the guy who was the NLCS and World Series MVP last fall . He gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . Young lasted 3 2/3 innings , allowing seven runs and nine hits . He gave up just two runs in 13 innings in his first two starts . With tributes to Kalas displayed throughout Citizens Bank Park , the Phillies quickly jumped ahead 5 - 0 in the first	True
After Young walked Raul Ibanez and Pedro Feliz , Chris Coste hit a two - run double with two outs to make it 5 - 0 . Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the third	True
After Young walked Raul Ibanez and Pedro Feliz , Chris Coste hit a two - run double with two outs to make it 5 - 0 . Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the third . Feliz had an RBI single in the bottom half and Ryan Howard doubled in a run in the fourth	True
Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the third . Feliz had an RBI single in the bottom half and Ryan Howard doubled in a run in the fourth to extend the lead to 7 - 1 . But Hairston hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Stairs hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 5 on Sunday . Chase Utley tied it at 5 with a two - run homer in the eighth	True
It was the second time this season the Phillies rallied to win a game late . They overcame a 10 - 3 deficit to beat Atlanta 12 - 11 on Wednesday . Ryan Madson ( 1 - 0 ) worked a scoreless eighth	True
Ryan Madson ( 1 - 0 ) worked a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge , the last of six Philadelphia pitchers , finished for his second save . Dexter Fowler led off the second inning with his second homer to give Colorado a 5 - 1 lead . But Jayson Werth singled in Utley in the fourth	True
Ryan Madson ( 1 - 0 ) worked a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge , the last of six Philadelphia pitchers , finished for his second save . Dexter Fowler led off the second inning with his second homer to give Colorado a 5 - 1 lead . But Jayson Werth singled in Utley in the fourth and sixth	True
Ryan Madson ( 1 - 0 ) worked a scoreless eighth and Brad Lidge , the last of six Philadelphia pitchers , finished for his second save . Dexter Fowler led off the second inning with his second homer to give Colorado a 5 - 1 lead . But Jayson Werth singled in Utley in the fourth and sixth , and the All-Star second baseman tied it with his first homer of the season in the eighth	True
Dexter Fowler led off the second inning with his second homer to give Colorado a 5 - 1 lead . But Jayson Werth singled in Utley in the fourth and sixth , and the All-Star second baseman tied it with his first homer of the season in the eighth . Pedro Feliz hit a leadoff double in the ninth	False
Dexter Fowler led off the second inning with his second homer to give Colorado a 5 - 1 lead . But Jayson Werth singled in Utley in the fourth and sixth , and the All-Star second baseman tied it with his first homer of the season in the eighth . Pedro Feliz hit a leadoff double in the ninth against Huston Street ( 0 - 1 ) . Feliz was sacrificed to third	False
Dexter Fowler led off the second inning with his second homer to give Colorado a 5 - 1 lead . But Jayson Werth singled in Utley in the fourth and sixth , and the All-Star second baseman tied it with his first homer of the season in the eighth . Pedro Feliz hit a leadoff double in the ninth against Huston Street ( 0 - 1 ) . Feliz was sacrificed to third before Stairs , batting for Madson , went deep for his first	False
Street said he tried to throw the pitch inside but it ran back over the plate . Colorado put two men on in the ninth	True
Street said he tried to throw the pitch inside but it ran back over the plate . Colorado put two men on in the ninth , but Lidge got Troy Tulowitzki to ground out to second	False
Chan Ho Park , who entered with a 5 - 2 career record at Coors Field , gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Phillies . But the bullpen held the Rockies to two hits the rest of the way . Philadelphia got one back in the second	True
`` The more Kendrick swung , the more nervous we got . I'm glad the count did n't end up getting even or going full , or else it would have been more nervous . It felt like a playoff game . But it 's a little early for that . '' Torii Hunter led off the ninth	True
Penny ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits , including both of Napoli 's homers . Penny is coming back from an injury-plagued 2008 season with the Dodgers after winning 16 games for them in both 2006 and 2007 and making the NL All-Star team both years . Joe Saunders ( 1 - 1 ) came in with a streak of 21 2 - 3 scoreless innings for Los Angeles , including seven innings in a 3 - 0 victory over Oakland in the season opener . But Lowell ended that with his homer in the fifth	True
Penny ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits , including both of Napoli 's homers . Penny is coming back from an injury-plagued 2008 season with the Dodgers after winning 16 games for them in both 2006 and 2007 and making the NL All-Star team both years . Joe Saunders ( 1 - 1 ) came in with a streak of 21 2 - 3 scoreless innings for Los Angeles , including seven innings in a 3 - 0 victory over Oakland in the season opener . But Lowell ended that with his homer in the fifth . Bay added a two - run drive off the left-hander in the seventh	True
Penny ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits , including both of Napoli 's homers . Penny is coming back from an injury-plagued 2008 season with the Dodgers after winning 16 games for them in both 2006 and 2007 and making the NL All-Star team both years . Joe Saunders ( 1 - 1 ) came in with a streak of 21 2 - 3 scoreless innings for Los Angeles , including seven innings in a 3 - 0 victory over Oakland in the season opener . But Lowell ended that with his homer in the fifth . Bay added a two - run drive off the left-hander in the seventh and hit his second	False
Penny ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits , including both of Napoli 's homers . Penny is coming back from an injury-plagued 2008 season with the Dodgers after winning 16 games for them in both 2006 and 2007 and making the NL All-Star team both years . Joe Saunders ( 1 - 1 ) came in with a streak of 21 2 - 3 scoreless innings for Los Angeles , including seven innings in a 3 - 0 victory over Oakland in the season opener . But Lowell ended that with his homer in the fifth . Bay added a two - run drive off the left-hander in the seventh and hit his second of the day against Justin Speier in the ninth	False
Saunders , who has dedicated his season to Adenhart , gave up four runs and seven hits in seven innings . He lost for the first time in five career decisions against Boston . Bay walked and scored on Lowell 's homer to tie it at 2 in the fifth	True
Manager Bud Black has anointed Blanco as Peavy 's personal catcher , noting the great communication between the pair . Adrian Gonzalez helped break open the game with a bases-loaded double in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez helped break open the game with a bases-loaded double in the fifth and finished with three RBIs . Blanco tied his career high with two drives off Jonathan Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) , the second one leading off the fifth	True
The win gave the Padres a 4 - 2 record , matching their high mark for games over .500 from last season when it happened five times early on , the last coming on April 15 when San Diego was 8 - 6 . Peavy , who gave up four runs -- three earned -- in seven innings against the Dodgers , was more consistent as he worked quickly through the San Francisco lineup . Peavy retired the first nine batters before Randy Winn 's leadoff double in the fourth	True
Heath Bell got the final two outs for his third save . Sanchez started strong by striking out five of his first six batters . He then allowed a homer to Blanco leading off the third	True
Sanchez allowed five runs and four hits , walked five and struck out seven . San Francisco scored its first run in the fourth	True
San Francisco scored its first run in the fourth after a mistake by Blanco . After Winn led off with a double and moved to third	False
After Winn led off with a double and moved to third on a single by Edgar Renteria , Black called for a pitchout with Lewis batting . Renteria took off from first	False
Renteria took off from first as Peavy delivered the pitch to Blanco . The catcher never looked over at Winn , but instead snapped a throw to Gonzalez at first base . When Blanco threw the ball , Winn took off for home and scored easily as Renteria got caught in a rundown before being tagged out . The Giants scored in the seventh	True
Gregg ( 0 - 1 ) walked Chris Duffy with one out and Weeks hit a line drive that sailed over the head of left fielder Alfonso Soriano for an RBI double that tied it at 3 . Weeks then went to third	False
`` So are you saying that 's 12 pounds of fat ? '' new Brewers starter Braden Looper playfully jabbed in a postgame news conference . The Cubs appeared to be on their way to victory after Hill hit his go-ahead , two - run homer in the sixth	True
Looper said his side feels fine , but still did n't feel like he had his best stuff . Milwaukee took a 2 - 0 lead with an RBI single by Braun in the first inning and a solo homer by Hart in the third	True
Looper said his side feels fine , but still did n't feel like he had his best stuff . Milwaukee took a 2 - 0 lead with an RBI single by Braun in the first inning and a solo homer by Hart in the third . Milton Bradley then led off the fourth	True
After retiring the first two batters he faced in the sixth inning , Brewers reliever Seth McClung watched Hill smack a 2 - 1 pitch into the Brewers ' bullpen in left-center . Weeks then helped McClung out of a jam in the seventh	True
After retiring the first two batters he faced in the sixth inning , Brewers reliever Seth McClung watched Hill smack a 2 - 1 pitch into the Brewers ' bullpen in left-center . Weeks then helped McClung out of a jam in the seventh , snagging a sharply hit grounder and throwing to first	False
After retiring the first two batters he faced in the sixth inning , Brewers reliever Seth McClung watched Hill smack a 2 - 1 pitch into the Brewers ' bullpen in left-center . Weeks then helped McClung out of a jam in the seventh , snagging a sharply hit grounder and throwing to first with runners on first	False
After retiring the first two batters he faced in the sixth inning , Brewers reliever Seth McClung watched Hill smack a 2 - 1 pitch into the Brewers ' bullpen in left-center . Weeks then helped McClung out of a jam in the seventh , snagging a sharply hit grounder and throwing to first with runners on first and second	False
The Orioles provided Uehara with plenty of offensive support , all of it against Wang ( 0 - 1 ) . Making his first start since last June after missing the latter half of the season with a foot injury , Wang yielded seven runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . A two - run homer by Derek Jeter got New York to 7 - 4 in the ninth	True
It was Wang 's shortest start since going 2 2/3 innings against Toronto in August 2007 . It was also the first time in nine starts since Sept. 15 , 2007 , in Boston , that Wang lost on the road . The Orioles used successive doubles by Jones , Markakis and Aubrey Huff to take a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . The damage might have been more severe if Huff did n't get caught trying to steal third	False
The Orioles used successive doubles by Jones , Markakis and Aubrey Huff to take a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . The damage might have been more severe if Huff did n't get caught trying to steal third before Melvin Mora got Baltimore 's fourth straight hit , an infield single . The Yankees had a runner in each of the first three innings before finally breaking through in the fourth	True
But for the most part , Uehara kept New York off balance by mixing his split-finger fastball with a changeup he learned from Orioles pitching coach Rick Kranitz . The Yankees closed to 7 - 2 against Matt Albers in the sixth	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Jose Lopez did n't deny it -- he was trying to hit a home run with his team three - runs down in the ninth inning and two runners on base . Lopez connected against closer Brian Fuentes for his second homer in two nights , and Yuniesky Betancourt delivered the go-ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th	True
Fuentes was brought in to preserve 30-year-old rookie Matt Palmer 's sixth victory without a loss in seven starts . But Lopez had other ideas . He drove a 1 - 1 pitch to left field with one out , after the left-hander gave up singles to Adrian Beltre and Russell Branyan . The blown save was the third	False
Fuentes was brought in to preserve 30-year-old rookie Matt Palmer 's sixth victory without a loss in seven starts . But Lopez had other ideas . He drove a 1 - 1 pitch to left field with one out , after the left-hander gave up singles to Adrian Beltre and Russell Branyan . The blown save was the third for Fuentes in 16 attempts , and his fourth	False
The blown save was the third for Fuentes in 16 attempts , and his fourth in his last 40 overall . The left-hander signed a two - year , $ 17.5 million contract with the Angels in December to replace Francisco Rodriguez , who left to sign with the New York Mets as a free agent after setting a major league record with 67 saves last season . Wladimir Balentien led off the 10th	True
The victory made the Mariners 2 - 22 when trailing after eight innings . The Angels are 22 - 3 when leading after eight . Miguel Batista ( 3 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the victory . David Aardsma pitched a perfect 10th	True
Maicer Izturis led off the Angels seventh inning with a grounder to first base that Branyan misplayed for one of Seattle 's AL-worst 41 errors . One out later , Erick Aybar drove a 1 - 0 pitch by Felix Hernandez over the head of center fielder Gutierrez for a double that broke a scoreless tie . The Angels added two runs in the eighth	True
Ichiro Suzuki was 1 for 4 with a first-inning single that extended his hitting streak to 23 games , equaling the second-longest of his big league career and putting him within two of the franchise record he set in 2007 . Palmer scattered four hits over seven scoreless innings in his seventh big league start , striking out five and walking none . He was helped by three superb defensive plays turned in by first baseman Kendry Morales to end the first	True
Ichiro Suzuki was 1 for 4 with a first-inning single that extended his hitting streak to 23 games , equaling the second-longest of his big league career and putting him within two of the franchise record he set in 2007 . Palmer scattered four hits over seven scoreless innings in his seventh big league start , striking out five and walking none . He was helped by three superb defensive plays turned in by first baseman Kendry Morales to end the first , third	True
Clete Thomas hit two solo home runs , and Detroit provided Justin Verlander with his sixth straight win by pulling away to a 6 - 3 victory Saturday night . Thomas , who came in with two homers in 191 career at-bats , connected in the third	True
Selected by the Tigers in the sixth round of the 2005 amateur draft , Thomas played three seasons in the minor leagues before jockeying between Triple-A Toledo and Detroit last season . He could n't remember ever hitting two homers in one game . Thomas added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Thomas added an RBI double in the eighth . Curtis Granderson also homered for the Tigers , and Magglio Ordonez had three hits . The defeat ended Baltimore 's five - game winning streak . The Orioles trailed 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Fernando Rodney got three outs for his ninth save . After Granderson hit his 12th homer leading off the second	True
Fernando Rodney got three outs for his ninth save . After Granderson hit his 12th homer leading off the second and Thomas went deep in the third	True
Fernando Rodney got three outs for his ninth save . After Granderson hit his 12th homer leading off the second and Thomas went deep in the third , an RBI single by Ryan Raburn made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
Minnesota began the game with the fifth-most home runs in the majors after finishing next-to-last in each of the last two years , but Morneau 's was set up by the small ball the Twins have been more familiar with . In contrast , struggling slugger David Ortiz was dropped to sixth	False
Minnesota began the game with the fifth-most home runs in the majors after finishing next-to-last in each of the last two years , but Morneau 's was set up by the small ball the Twins have been more familiar with . In contrast , struggling slugger David Ortiz was dropped to sixth from the No . 3 spot in the Boston lineup . The last time Ortiz , who has just one homer this season , batted lower than fourth	False
In contrast , struggling slugger David Ortiz was dropped to sixth from the No . 3 spot in the Boston lineup . The last time Ortiz , who has just one homer this season , batted lower than fourth was May 18 , 2004 . Good speed plus seeing-eye singles and high chops were actually the recipe for this Twins victory . The bottom four in Minnesota 's batting order -- Brendan Harris , Delmon Young , Matt Tolbert and Nick Punto -- were a combined 1 for 30 over the previous three games . But they had four hits and scored three runs between them , frustrating Lester ( 3 - 5 ) in the fifth	True
Lester 's breakout 2008 season has n't led to any sustained success yet this year : He has given up at least five runs in six of 10 starts . After stranding a runner on third	False
Lester 's breakout 2008 season has n't led to any sustained success yet this year : He has given up at least five runs in six of 10 starts . After stranding a runner on third with one out in the second	True
Lester 's breakout 2008 season has n't led to any sustained success yet this year : He has given up at least five runs in six of 10 starts . After stranding a runner on third with one out in the second , striking out Joe Mauer with a runner on second	False
Lester 's breakout 2008 season has n't led to any sustained success yet this year : He has given up at least five runs in six of 10 starts . After stranding a runner on third with one out in the second , striking out Joe Mauer with a runner on second to end the third	True
Lester 's breakout 2008 season has n't led to any sustained success yet this year : He has given up at least five runs in six of 10 starts . After stranding a runner on third with one out in the second , striking out Joe Mauer with a runner on second to end the third , and breezing through a three - up-three - down fourth	True
Lester 's breakout 2008 season has n't led to any sustained success yet this year : He has given up at least five runs in six of 10 starts . After stranding a runner on third with one out in the second , striking out Joe Mauer with a runner on second to end the third , and breezing through a three - up-three - down fourth , Lester faltered in the fifth	True
Blackburn found himself in similar situations as Lester , but he avoided the game-changing hit . After collecting 16 hits in each of the last two games , Boston took a 1 - 0 lead on Dustin Pedroia 's double in the fifth	True
After collecting 16 hits in each of the last two games , Boston took a 1 - 0 lead on Dustin Pedroia 's double in the fifth but left four runners in scoring position during Blackburn 's outing . Blackburn has lasted seven innings or more in six of his last seven starts , and Matt Guerrier pitched a perfect eighth	True
After collecting 16 hits in each of the last two games , Boston took a 1 - 0 lead on Dustin Pedroia 's double in the fifth but left four runners in scoring position during Blackburn 's outing . Blackburn has lasted seven innings or more in six of his last seven starts , and Matt Guerrier pitched a perfect eighth before Joe Nathan notched his seventh save with a scoreless ninth	True
Edgar Renteria hit a two - run double three batters after Emmanuel Burriss broke up a scoreless game with a fifth-inning RBI single . The Giants , who had lost five of six and nine of 11 , began a six - game homestand on a positive note following a frustrating 1 - 5 trip in which all the losses were by one run . This outing certainly was a boost for Sanchez ( 2 - 4 ) , who went 0 - 3 over a six - start winless stretch since his last victory April 17 . But he nearly saw this one get away after running into trouble in the sixth	True
This outing certainly was a boost for Sanchez ( 2 - 4 ) , who went 0 - 3 over a six - start winless stretch since his last victory April 17 . But he nearly saw this one get away after running into trouble in the sixth . Ishikawa 's homer in the seventh	True
This outing certainly was a boost for Sanchez ( 2 - 4 ) , who went 0 - 3 over a six - start winless stretch since his last victory April 17 . But he nearly saw this one get away after running into trouble in the sixth . Ishikawa 's homer in the seventh was his first	False
This outing certainly was a boost for Sanchez ( 2 - 4 ) , who went 0 - 3 over a six - start winless stretch since his last victory April 17 . But he nearly saw this one get away after running into trouble in the sixth . Ishikawa 's homer in the seventh was his first this season and fourth	False
This outing certainly was a boost for Sanchez ( 2 - 4 ) , who went 0 - 3 over a six - start winless stretch since his last victory April 17 . But he nearly saw this one get away after running into trouble in the sixth . Ishikawa 's homer in the seventh was his first this season and fourth of his career . He scored on Burriss ' single in the fifth	False
This outing certainly was a boost for Sanchez ( 2 - 4 ) , who went 0 - 3 over a six - start winless stretch since his last victory April 17 . But he nearly saw this one get away after running into trouble in the sixth . Ishikawa 's homer in the seventh was his first this season and fourth of his career . He scored on Burriss ' single in the fifth off Javier Vazquez ( 4 - 4 ) , whose wild pitch allowed Ishikawa to reach third	False
This outing certainly was a boost for Sanchez ( 2 - 4 ) , who went 0 - 3 over a six - start winless stretch since his last victory April 17 . But he nearly saw this one get away after running into trouble in the sixth . Ishikawa 's homer in the seventh was his first this season and fourth of his career . He scored on Burriss ' single in the fifth off Javier Vazquez ( 4 - 4 ) , whose wild pitch allowed Ishikawa to reach third after he stole second	False
Ishikawa 's homer in the seventh was his first this season and fourth of his career . He scored on Burriss ' single in the fifth off Javier Vazquez ( 4 - 4 ) , whose wild pitch allowed Ishikawa to reach third after he stole second . Both Ishikawa and Fred Lewis beat throws home from the outfield in the sixth	True
Both Ishikawa and Fred Lewis beat throws home from the outfield in the sixth , Lewis making it on a close slide on Juan Uribe 's shallow sacrifice fly to center . Sanchez allowed only one baserunner past first	False
Both Ishikawa and Fred Lewis beat throws home from the outfield in the sixth , Lewis making it on a close slide on Juan Uribe 's shallow sacrifice fly to center . Sanchez allowed only one baserunner past first before Kelly Johnson 's leadoff triple in the sixth	False
Justin Miller relieved and struck out Jeff Francoeur before Casey Kotchman 's bases-loaded walk made it 3 - 2 . Miller then got Diory Hernandez to ground into a fielder 's choice , with the Giants cutting down the runner at home , and struck out Jordan Schafer to end the inning . Sanchez has n't gone longer than 6 2/3 innings this season , and he did that in his other win . He got off to a fast start against the Braves , striking out the side in order in the first	True
Justin Miller relieved and struck out Jeff Francoeur before Casey Kotchman 's bases-loaded walk made it 3 - 2 . Miller then got Diory Hernandez to ground into a fielder 's choice , with the Giants cutting down the runner at home , and struck out Jordan Schafer to end the inning . Sanchez has n't gone longer than 6 2/3 innings this season , and he did that in his other win . He got off to a fast start against the Braves , striking out the side in order in the first on 13 pitches . He finished with six Ks and three walks in five - plus innings . Sanchez tired after scoring from first	False
Justin Miller relieved and struck out Jeff Francoeur before Casey Kotchman 's bases-loaded walk made it 3 - 2 . Miller then got Diory Hernandez to ground into a fielder 's choice , with the Giants cutting down the runner at home , and struck out Jordan Schafer to end the inning . Sanchez has n't gone longer than 6 2/3 innings this season , and he did that in his other win . He got off to a fast start against the Braves , striking out the side in order in the first on 13 pitches . He finished with six Ks and three walks in five - plus innings . Sanchez tired after scoring from first in the fifth	True
Kennedy extended his torrid start for Oakland with a career high-tying four hits and two RBIs , while Travis Buck homered and scored three runs to back Brett Anderson 's second major league victory . Kennedy also walked and eventually scored on an error in the first	True
Ichiro Suzuki went 4 - for - 4 with three infield hits to extend his hitting streak to 19 games , and Johjima homered before leaving the opener of the Mariners ' six - game road trip . Johjima hurt his left big toe when Kennedy 's spikes hit him square in the foot on that play at the plate . Although he stayed in the game and even homered in the second	True
Chris Jakubauskas ( 3 - 5 ) did n't get out of the fourth inning for Seattle , giving up six hits , three walks and five runs in his shortest start of the month . The Mariners ' offense provided little help , leaving eight runners on base in the first seven innings . Suzuki beat out infield hits in the first	True
Chris Jakubauskas ( 3 - 5 ) did n't get out of the fourth inning for Seattle , giving up six hits , three walks and five runs in his shortest start of the month . The Mariners ' offense provided little help , leaving eight runners on base in the first seven innings . Suzuki beat out infield hits in the first , third	True
Raul Ibanez also homered for the World Series champions , who have won seven of eight -- all on the road . Alex Rodriguez hit his sixth since rejoining the Yankees on May 8 and with 559 pulled within four of Reggie Jackson for 11th	False
Raul Ibanez also homered for the World Series champions , who have won seven of eight -- all on the road . Alex Rodriguez hit his sixth since rejoining the Yankees on May 8 and with 559 pulled within four of Reggie Jackson for 11th on the career list . Derek Jeter and Teixeira connected in the eighth	True
Floyd ( 3 - 4 ) gave the White Sox just what they needed a day after their franchise record-tying 20 - 1 trouncing by Minnesota and rejection by Peavy , outpitching Zach Duke to lift the White Sox to just their third win in nine games . Ramirez singled and scored in the third	True
Floyd ( 3 - 4 ) gave the White Sox just what they needed a day after their franchise record-tying 20 - 1 trouncing by Minnesota and rejection by Peavy , outpitching Zach Duke to lift the White Sox to just their third win in nine games . Ramirez singled and scored in the third and led off the eighth	True
Floyd ( 3 - 4 ) gave the White Sox just what they needed a day after their franchise record-tying 20 - 1 trouncing by Minnesota and rejection by Peavy , outpitching Zach Duke to lift the White Sox to just their third win in nine games . Ramirez singled and scored in the third and led off the eighth with his second homer to make it 2 - 0 . That was enough for Floyd , who struck out eight and walked two after going 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , in a game that lasted just 1 hour , 51 minutes . Bobby Jenks pitched a perfect ninth	True
His ERA entering the game was 7.71 -- 9.95 in his previous five outings . But he finally showed his old form Friday . He did n't allow a runner past second	True
The struggling Ramirez , however , got the better of him . Last year 's runner-up for AL Rookie of the Year , he began the night with a .213 average but -- like Floyd -- flashed his old form . He led off the third	True
The struggling Ramirez , however , got the better of him . Last year 's runner-up for AL Rookie of the Year , he began the night with a .213 average but -- like Floyd -- flashed his old form . He led off the third with a single to center and scored from third	False
The struggling Ramirez , however , got the better of him . Last year 's runner-up for AL Rookie of the Year , he began the night with a .213 average but -- like Floyd -- flashed his old form . He led off the third with a single to center and scored from third on Scott Podsednik 's grounder to second	False
The struggling Ramirez , however , got the better of him . Last year 's runner-up for AL Rookie of the Year , he began the night with a .213 average but -- like Floyd -- flashed his old form . He led off the third with a single to center and scored from third on Scott Podsednik 's grounder to second . In the eighth	True
Washington 's bullpen -- which had been 1 - 15 with 13 blown saves in 19 chances -- came through for a change . Julian Tavarez ( 1 - 3 ) got the victory with 1 2 - 3 innings of scoreless relief and Joel Hanrahan got three outs for his fourth save in seven opportunities . Stammen retired the first 12 batters he faced in his first big league game , but could n't hold a 3 - 0 lead . The 25-year-old right-hander , who had his contract purchased from Triple-A Syracuse earlier in the day , did n't allow a baserunner until Adam LaRoche led off the fifth	True
But Washington 's comeback bailed Stammen out and prevented a season-high eighth straight loss . Trailing 4 - 3 in the eighth	True
But Washington 's comeback bailed Stammen out and prevented a season-high eighth straight loss . Trailing 4 - 3 in the eighth , Cristian Guzman started the decisive rally with a one - out single off Tom Gorzelanny ( 1 - 1 ) and moved to second	False
Josh Bard had two RBIs for Washington . The Nationals staked Stammen to a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals staked Stammen to a 2 - 0 lead in the second as the rookie set down 19 of the first 20 hitters he faced . Josh Willingham drew a leadoff walk and moved to third	False
Josh Willingham drew a leadoff walk and moved to third when Willie Harris doubled to right . Bard 's grounder scored Willingham and Anderson Hernandez followed with a sacrifice fly for the 2 - 0 lead . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Bard 's two - out single up the middle made it 3 - 0 , scoring Willingham , who had doubled down the left-field line . Pittsburgh cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth	False
In the fourth , Bard 's two - out single up the middle made it 3 - 0 , scoring Willingham , who had doubled down the left-field line . Pittsburgh cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth . LaRoche doubled to lead off the inning , moved to third	False
Pittsburgh cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth . LaRoche doubled to lead off the inning , moved to third on Brandon Moss ' grounder and scored on a bouncer to short by Andy LaRoche . Adam LaRoche 's seventh homer tied the game in the seventh	True
The Marlins opened the scoring in the first inning when Emilio Bonifacio scored on Cantu 's groundout . Bonifacio and Jeremy Hermida both singled to start the inning and advanced on a double steal . Hermida came home on Ross ' double to make it 2 - 0 . In the third	True
In the third . Uggla drew a bases loaded walk to make it 3 - 0 . Volstad retired 11 straight at one point until Mark Reynolds drew a walk to lead off the fifth	True
Volstad retired 11 straight at one point until Mark Reynolds drew a walk to lead off the fifth . Chad Tracy drove him in with a single , and Chris Snyder tied it at 3 with a two - run homer to left . Arizona starter Doug Davis struggled with his command and was pulled in the fifth	True
Volstad retired 11 straight at one point until Mark Reynolds drew a walk to lead off the fifth . Chad Tracy drove him in with a single , and Chris Snyder tied it at 3 with a two - run homer to left . Arizona starter Doug Davis struggled with his command and was pulled in the fifth with the bases loaded . Jon Rauch came on in relief and promptly threw a wild pitch allowing Hanley Ramirez to score . Rauch also gave up a three - run homer to Uggla , his fifth	False
Arizona starter Doug Davis struggled with his command and was pulled in the fifth with the bases loaded . Jon Rauch came on in relief and promptly threw a wild pitch allowing Hanley Ramirez to score . Rauch also gave up a three - run homer to Uggla , his fifth of the season , off of the left-field foul pole that made it 7 - 3 . Dan Meyer relieved Volstad and gave up a solo shot to Tracy and an RBI single to Gerardo Parra as Arizona pulled to 7 - 6 . Kiko Calero , Leo Nunez , and Matt Lindstrom combined to hold off the Diamondbacks in the final 2 2 - 3 innings . Lindstrom picked up his eighth save after Helms drove in an insurance run in the eighth	True
The Mets , who came into Chavez Ravine on Monday with a half-game lead over Philadelphia in the NL East , now trail the Phillies by a full game after their fourth straight loss . The road trip began with three straight wins against the Giants . Rookie left-hander Brent Leach ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win , retiring both batters he faced in the eighth	True
The Mets , who came into Chavez Ravine on Monday with a half-game lead over Philadelphia in the NL East , now trail the Phillies by a full game after their fourth straight loss . The road trip began with three straight wins against the Giants . Rookie left-hander Brent Leach ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win , retiring both batters he faced in the eighth . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Rookie left-hander Brent Leach ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win , retiring both batters he faced in the eighth . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save in 13 attempts . The Mets , 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position and 3 for 27 overall in the series , squandered an opportunity to take the lead in the top of the eighth	False
Rookie left-hander Brent Leach ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win , retiring both batters he faced in the eighth . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save in 13 attempts . The Mets , 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position and 3 for 27 overall in the series , squandered an opportunity to take the lead in the top of the eighth after putting runners at second	False
Rookie left-hander Brent Leach ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win , retiring both batters he faced in the eighth . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save in 13 attempts . The Mets , 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position and 3 for 27 overall in the series , squandered an opportunity to take the lead in the top of the eighth after putting runners at second and third	False
The Mets , 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position and 3 for 27 overall in the series , squandered an opportunity to take the lead in the top of the eighth after putting runners at second and third with one out . Leach replaced Ronald Belisario and escaped the jam , retiring Daniel Murphy on a grounder to first	False
Anderson ( 1 - 4 ) gave up four runs -- two earned -- and four hits over six - plus innings . The victory came in his seventh career start , all this season . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth	True
Sweeney completed his dash toward left-center with a full-out dive . Cabrera had two RBIs , helping Oakland win its second	False
Sweeney completed his dash toward left-center with a full-out dive . Cabrera had two RBIs , helping Oakland win its second in a row and sixth	False
Carlos Pena and Willy Aybar homered for the defending AL champion Rays ( 20 - 22 ) , who have lost two in a row after a four - game winning streak . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead on RBI singles by Jason Giambi in the first	True
Carlos Pena and Willy Aybar homered for the defending AL champion Rays ( 20 - 22 ) , who have lost two in a row after a four - game winning streak . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead on RBI singles by Jason Giambi in the first and Kurt Suzuki during the second	True
Carlos Pena and Willy Aybar homered for the defending AL champion Rays ( 20 - 22 ) , who have lost two in a row after a four - game winning streak . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead on RBI singles by Jason Giambi in the first and Kurt Suzuki during the second . Adam Kennedy 's run-scoring double and a sacrifice fly by Bobby Crosby made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead on RBI singles by Jason Giambi in the first and Kurt Suzuki during the second . Adam Kennedy 's run-scoring double and a sacrifice fly by Bobby Crosby made it 4 - 0 in the third . Pena hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Pena hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 2 . Pena 's 14th homer of the season ended a 40 at-bat stretch in which he had n't gone deep . Aaron Cunningham had an RBI double and Cabrera drove in a pair with a single as Oakland extended its lead to 7 - 2 in the fifth	True
Aaron Cunningham had an RBI double and Cabrera drove in a pair with a single as Oakland extended its lead to 7 - 2 in the fifth . Aybar hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Aaron Cunningham had an RBI double and Cabrera drove in a pair with a single as Oakland extended its lead to 7 - 2 in the fifth . Aybar hit a solo homer in the fifth and added a sacrifice fly during a two - run seventh	True
Aaron Cunningham had an RBI double and Cabrera drove in a pair with a single as Oakland extended its lead to 7 - 2 in the fifth . Aybar hit a solo homer in the fifth and added a sacrifice fly during a two - run seventh that pulled Tampa Bay to 7 - 5 . Akinori Iwamura tripled in a run in the seventh	False
Aybar hit a solo homer in the fifth and added a sacrifice fly during a two - run seventh that pulled Tampa Bay to 7 - 5 . Akinori Iwamura tripled in a run in the seventh and was later thrown out by second baseman Kennedy attempting to score on pinch-hitter Ben Zobrist 's pop fly down the right-field line . After Santiago Casilla threw a wild pitch that allowed a run to score that cut the Athletics ' advantage to 7 - 6 , the right-hander later induced a grounder from Aybar with two outs and the bases loaded in the eighth	True
But he 's been saying all week he 'd pitch until they take the ball . Pinch-hitter Micah Hoffpauir had a two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
Duncan 's go-ahead hit came with the infield in . Milton Bradley , who doubled and scored in the ninth	True
Carpenter has not allowed a run in 15 innings over three starts . He 's 8 - 3 with a 2.93 ERA in 15 career starts against the Cubs , and 3 - 1 with a 1.69 ERA in six starts against them at home . The Cubs missed two shots to get to Carpenter , putting two men on with two outs in the first	True
Carpenter has not allowed a run in 15 innings over three starts . He 's 8 - 3 with a 2.93 ERA in 15 career starts against the Cubs , and 3 - 1 with a 1.69 ERA in six starts against them at home . The Cubs missed two shots to get to Carpenter , putting two men on with two outs in the first before first baseman Albert Pujols made a nice stab to his right on Bradley 's grounder . Ryan Theriot was stranded at second	False
Carpenter has not allowed a run in 15 innings over three starts . He 's 8 - 3 with a 2.93 ERA in 15 career starts against the Cubs , and 3 - 1 with a 1.69 ERA in six starts against them at home . The Cubs missed two shots to get to Carpenter , putting two men on with two outs in the first before first baseman Albert Pujols made a nice stab to his right on Bradley 's grounder . Ryan Theriot was stranded at second after a one - out double in the third	True
The Cubs missed two shots to get to Carpenter , putting two men on with two outs in the first before first baseman Albert Pujols made a nice stab to his right on Bradley 's grounder . Ryan Theriot was stranded at second after a one - out double in the third after Kosuke Fukudome flied out and Derrek Lee struck out . Pujols legged out a leadoff double in the fourth	False
The result : two high-scoring victories over the slumping Minnesota Twins , including Wednesday night 's 7 - 4 decision . Wednesday 's grand slam was the eighth	False
White Sox starter John Danks ( 3 - 3 ) allowed five hits and two earned runs over 5 2/3 innings to win for the first time in nearly a month . After Danks surrendered Cuddyer 's two - run homer in the sixth	True
White Sox starter John Danks ( 3 - 3 ) allowed five hits and two earned runs over 5 2/3 innings to win for the first time in nearly a month . After Danks surrendered Cuddyer 's two - run homer in the sixth , Octavio Dotel , Matt Thornton , Scott Linebrink and Bobby Jenks combined for 3 1/3 innings of one - hit relief . Jenks pitched the ninth	True
After Danks surrendered Cuddyer 's two - run homer in the sixth , Octavio Dotel , Matt Thornton , Scott Linebrink and Bobby Jenks combined for 3 1/3 innings of one - hit relief . Jenks pitched the ninth for his ninth save in as many chances . Chicago shortstop Alexei Ramirez 's error on a potential double-play grounder helped the Twins take a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The slick-fielding shortstop solidified Tampa Bay 's defense during last season 's run to the World Series . Now , his hot bat is one of the reasons the team has been able to put together a season-best four - game winning streak and is back to .500 for the first time since mid-April . Bartlett went 3 for 3 with a walk to raise his batting average to .384 . He had a two - run single off Sean Gallagher ( 1 - 2 ) in the first	True
The slick-fielding shortstop solidified Tampa Bay 's defense during last season 's run to the World Series . Now , his hot bat is one of the reasons the team has been able to put together a season-best four - game winning streak and is back to .500 for the first time since mid-April . Bartlett went 3 for 3 with a walk to raise his batting average to .384 . He had a two - run single off Sean Gallagher ( 1 - 2 ) in the first , as well as a run-scoring triple in the fifth	True
The slick-fielding shortstop solidified Tampa Bay 's defense during last season 's run to the World Series . Now , his hot bat is one of the reasons the team has been able to put together a season-best four - game winning streak and is back to .500 for the first time since mid-April . Bartlett went 3 for 3 with a walk to raise his batting average to .384 . He had a two - run single off Sean Gallagher ( 1 - 2 ) in the first , as well as a run-scoring triple in the fifth and a two - run single in the sixth	False
Rookie right-hander Jeff Niemann ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in eight innings to win for the fourth time in five decisions . He struck out three and walked none in the longest outing of his career . Jason Isringhausen , who came off the disabled list Sunday , pitched the ninth	True
The streak was the longest in the AL since the 1914 Yankees swiped a base in 19 straight games . Bartlett 's first two RBIs came during Tampa Bay 's six - run first	True
On the passed ball , catcher Kurt Suzuki appeared to lose sight of the pitch and was struck in the left shoulder while trying to duck out of the way . The A 's scored on Jason Giambi 's first-inning sacrifice fly , Orlando Cabrera 's solo homer in the third	True
On the passed ball , catcher Kurt Suzuki appeared to lose sight of the pitch and was struck in the left shoulder while trying to duck out of the way . The A 's scored on Jason Giambi 's first-inning sacrifice fly , Orlando Cabrera 's solo homer in the third and Jack Cust 's two - run homer in the eighth	True
White Sox third baseman Josh Fields said Ray 's variety of pitches kept him off-balance . Toronto trailed 1 - 0 to begin the eighth	True
White Sox third baseman Josh Fields said Ray 's variety of pitches kept him off-balance . Toronto trailed 1 - 0 to begin the eighth against Chicago reliever Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 2 ) but tied it when Vernon Wells hit a one - out single , stole second	False
Linebrink was kicking himself afterward after getting ahead of Lind 0 - 2 . Lind went to third	False
The White Sox have lost three straight and 10 of 13 . Chicago 's only run came in the first	True
The White Sox have lost three straight and 10 of 13 . Chicago 's only run came in the first , when Scott Podsednik drew a leadoff walk , went to second	False
The White Sox have lost three straight and 10 of 13 . Chicago 's only run came in the first , when Scott Podsednik drew a leadoff walk , went to second on a grounder and stole third	False
Chicago 's only run came in the first , when Scott Podsednik drew a leadoff walk , went to second on a grounder and stole third . He scored when catcher Raul Chavez 's errant throw bounced off Podsednik 's legs and into foul territory . For the White Sox , who lost their eighth straight in Toronto , the lead was their first	False
For the White Sox , who lost their eighth straight in Toronto , the lead was their first here in 49 innings . The last time Chicago led a game in Toronto was June 3 , 2007 . Toronto came in having scored a major league-high 221 runs but struggled early against Bartolo Colon . Bautista singled in the second	True
For the White Sox , who lost their eighth straight in Toronto , the lead was their first here in 49 innings . The last time Chicago led a game in Toronto was June 3 , 2007 . Toronto came in having scored a major league-high 221 runs but struggled early against Bartolo Colon . Bautista singled in the second but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double , while Marco Scutaro was cut down as he tried to leg out a triple in the third	True
Toronto came in having scored a major league-high 221 runs but struggled early against Bartolo Colon . Bautista singled in the second but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double , while Marco Scutaro was cut down as he tried to leg out a triple in the third . Perhaps mindful of those plays , Blue Jays third base coach Nick Leyva opted to stop Chavez at third rather than send him home from first	False
Toronto came in having scored a major league-high 221 runs but struggled early against Bartolo Colon . Bautista singled in the second but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double , while Marco Scutaro was cut down as he tried to leg out a triple in the third . Perhaps mindful of those plays , Blue Jays third base coach Nick Leyva opted to stop Chavez at third rather than send him home from first on Scutaro 's two - out double in the fifth	True
Colon allowed five hits in five shutout innings before leaving with an upset stomach . With their offense scuffling , the White Sox moved Podsednik into the leadoff spot and dropped Carlos Quentin from third	False
Colon allowed five hits in five shutout innings before leaving with an upset stomach . With their offense scuffling , the White Sox moved Podsednik into the leadoff spot and dropped Carlos Quentin from third to sixth	False
Colon allowed five hits in five shutout innings before leaving with an upset stomach . With their offense scuffling , the White Sox moved Podsednik into the leadoff spot and dropped Carlos Quentin from third to sixth . Jermaine Dye moved up from the cleanup spot to bat third	False
Colon allowed five hits in five shutout innings before leaving with an upset stomach . With their offense scuffling , the White Sox moved Podsednik into the leadoff spot and dropped Carlos Quentin from third to sixth . Jermaine Dye moved up from the cleanup spot to bat third while Paul Konerko jumped from sixth	False
Colon allowed five hits in five shutout innings before leaving with an upset stomach . With their offense scuffling , the White Sox moved Podsednik into the leadoff spot and dropped Carlos Quentin from third to sixth . Jermaine Dye moved up from the cleanup spot to bat third while Paul Konerko jumped from sixth to fourth	False
Myers ( 3 - 2 ) matched his longest outing of season while striking out a season-high eight batters and allowing a season-low three hits . It was just the tonic for a team that used seven pitchers , including a projected Saturday starter , in Friday 's 10 - 6 extra-inning win . Ibanez finished with three hits , three runs and four RBIs . He hit a solo home run to center in the first	True
Myers ( 3 - 2 ) matched his longest outing of season while striking out a season-high eight batters and allowing a season-low three hits . It was just the tonic for a team that used seven pitchers , including a projected Saturday starter , in Friday 's 10 - 6 extra-inning win . Ibanez finished with three hits , three runs and four RBIs . He hit a solo home run to center in the first and a three - run shot off the facade above right-center in the third	True
He had his nine - game winning streak snapped against the Angels on Saturday , yet was still sharp , allowing one run and four hits in eight innings . Greinke did n't have the same kind of stuff early against the Orioles , walking two , including Brian Roberts to lead off the game , and allowing one more hit in the first three innings than his previous start . But after giving up a run on Aubrey Huff 's single in the third	True
The right-hander labored through a 29-pitch first inning , giving up a two - run single to Guillen not long after Billy Butler 's foul pop fell between third baseman Melvin Mora and catcher Gregg Zaun . Eaton got into more trouble in the fourth	True
The right-hander labored through a 29-pitch first inning , giving up a two - run single to Guillen not long after Billy Butler 's foul pop fell between third baseman Melvin Mora and catcher Gregg Zaun . Eaton got into more trouble in the fourth , giving up a leadoff homer to Jacobs and a drive by Olivo that extended his hitting streak to nine games and put the Royals up 6 - 1 . Callaspo added a run-scoring single in the fifth	True
The right-hander labored through a 29-pitch first inning , giving up a two - run single to Guillen not long after Billy Butler 's foul pop fell between third baseman Melvin Mora and catcher Gregg Zaun . Eaton got into more trouble in the fourth , giving up a leadoff homer to Jacobs and a drive by Olivo that extended his hitting streak to nine games and put the Royals up 6 - 1 . Callaspo added a run-scoring single in the fifth and Eaton did n't come out for the sixth	True
Randy Winn had three hits and scored three runs , while Travis Ishikawa also had three hits and drove in two runs as the Giants produced their biggest run total of the season in their 14th victory in 20 games . The 6-foot-10 Johnson ( 3 - 3 ) gave up eight hits and four runs while outdueling 6-foot-9 Daniel Cabrera in the tallest pitching matchup in baseball history . Johnson threw five strong innings before fading in the sixth	True
Johnson 's three victories in his first season with San Francisco all have been at the Giants ' waterfront ballpark , where a record-low 23,934 fans attended the frigid series opener . Zimmerman went 4 for 5 with two homers for the Nationals , including a solo shot in the sixth	True
Johnson 's three victories in his first season with San Francisco all have been at the Giants ' waterfront ballpark , where a record-low 23,934 fans attended the frigid series opener . Zimmerman went 4 for 5 with two homers for the Nationals , including a solo shot in the sixth off Johnson and a three - run shot in the ninth	True
Cabrera ( 0 - 4 ) gave up eight hits and six walks , including four straight free passes to close his 12th straight start without a victory . The Giants rallied in the fifth	True
Cabrera , who angrily refused to speak to reporters afterward , immediately fell apart . He issued four straight walks , one intentional . Reliever Logan Kensing then walked Sandoval to put the Giants up 8 - 2 . After Zimmerman 's two - out homer in the ninth	True
MILWAUKEE -- Ryan Braun 's homer had a familiar feeling . Braun hit a two - run drive in the eighth	True
Braun hit a two - run drive in the eighth and the Milwaukee Brewers rallied for a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs , who may be without third baseman Aramis Ramirez for an extended period after he dislocated his left shoulder Friday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
`` That 's why you work hard all year is to have an opportunity to be in a situation like that . That 's what makes this game fun . '' Ramirez , who hurt himself after his diving backhanded stop of a hard grounder by Braun in the third	True
That move allowed the Cubs to call-up pitcher Randy Wells , who threw five scoreless innings in his first major league start . Wells is in Carlos Zambrano 's spot in the rotation with the ace recovering from a hamstring injury . Milton Bradley homered in the fifth	True
Milton Bradley homered in the fifth off Brewers starter Dave Bush , and Alfonso Soriano 's sacrifice fly in the sixth gave Chicago a 2 - 0 lead as Wells stranded six Brewers in the first three innings . But Hardy answered with a solo homer in the bottom of the sixth	True
Milton Bradley homered in the fifth off Brewers starter Dave Bush , and Alfonso Soriano 's sacrifice fly in the sixth gave Chicago a 2 - 0 lead as Wells stranded six Brewers in the first three innings . But Hardy answered with a solo homer in the bottom of the sixth to cut the lead to 2 - 1 , and the Cubs could n't scratch across a run with one out and the bases loaded in the eighth	True
But Hardy answered with a solo homer in the bottom of the sixth to cut the lead to 2 - 1 , and the Cubs could n't scratch across a run with one out and the bases loaded in the eighth . Reliever Mitch Stetter ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win by getting the only batter he faced out , forcing pinch-hitter Geovany Soto to ground out to end the threat , and Trevor Hoffman finished with a perfect ninth	True
The shot sure came at the right time for the Yankees , whose five - game skid was their longest under second-year manager Joe Girardi . During that losing streak , New York went 6 for 43 with runners in scoring position . Rodriguez struck out in the third	True
The shot sure came at the right time for the Yankees , whose five - game skid was their longest under second-year manager Joe Girardi . During that losing streak , New York went 6 for 43 with runners in scoring position . Rodriguez struck out in the third and fifth innings against Guthrie , then grounded out against Bob McCrory in the seventh	True
Afterward , however , Sabathia spoke with awe about Rodriguez 's return . Sabathia was pretty impressive , too . The husky left-hander allowed singles to the first two batters he faced , then retired 23 of the next 24 batters -- the exception a third-inning walk to Brian Roberts -- leading up to the ninth	True
Sabathia was pretty impressive , too . The husky left-hander allowed singles to the first two batters he faced , then retired 23 of the next 24 batters -- the exception a third-inning walk to Brian Roberts -- leading up to the ninth . Cesar Izturis and Roberts opened the ninth	True
Sabathia struck out eight , walked one and gained a measure of revenge for an opening-day loss to Baltimore , when he gave up six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . Guthrie also settled down after the first	True
Guthrie also settled down after the first , when he walked Johnny Damon and Mark Teixeira before yielding the home run to Rodriguez . Over the next five innings , New York failed to score and got only one runner past second base . After Guthrie departed , Damon hit an RBI double off McCrory in the seventh	True
After Guthrie departed , Damon hit an RBI double off McCrory in the seventh for a 4 - 0 lead . Early in the game , it appeared Rodriguez 's homer might not be enough offense to carry the Yankees . In the Baltimore first	True
After Guthrie departed , Damon hit an RBI double off McCrory in the seventh for a 4 - 0 lead . Early in the game , it appeared Rodriguez 's homer might not be enough offense to carry the Yankees . In the Baltimore first , singles by Roberts and Adam Jones put runners at first	False
After Guthrie departed , Damon hit an RBI double off McCrory in the seventh for a 4 - 0 lead . Early in the game , it appeared Rodriguez 's homer might not be enough offense to carry the Yankees . In the Baltimore first , singles by Roberts and Adam Jones put runners at first and second	False
Pujols hit his fourth homer in five games to launch a 4 - for - 4 performance and Chris Duncan 's two - run triple in the fourth inning was the go-ahead hit as the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 to snap a three - game losing streak Wednesday night . Pujols is batting .611 ( 11 for 18 ) with two homers and three RBIs against the Pirates in five games this season and .371 for his career with 37 homers and 109 RBIs in 490 at-bats . The only blemish to his day came when he was easily thrown out at third trying to steal with two on and none out in the sixth	True
The St. Louis bullpen shut down the Pirates after rookie Mitchell Boggs threw more balls ( 43 ) than strikes ( 42 ) in 4 1/3 innings . Kyle McClellan ( 2 - 1 ) allowed a hit and a walk in 1 1/3 innings and Ryan Franklin worked a perfect ninth	True
Kyle McClellan ( 2 - 1 ) allowed a hit and a walk in 1 1/3 innings and Ryan Franklin worked a perfect ninth for his eighth save in eight chances , part of a parade of five relievers who limited Pittsburgh to two hits . Pujols homered for the second straight at-bat when lined a first-pitch fastball well over the left-field wall with two outs in the first	True
Duke gave up four runs on six hits . He allowed one or fewer earned runs in four of his first five starts , allowing one earned run in 6 1/3 innings in a 7 - 4 win in St. Louis on April 8 . The Pirates got three walks , one of them on four pitches to Duke , and two hits in the second	True
The Pirates got three walks , one of them on four pitches to Duke , and two hits in the second but scored only one run on Morgan 's bases-loaded , two - out single . Center fielder Colby Rasmus ' relay was just in time to nip Jason Jaramillo at the plate on a nice job of blocking by catcher Yadier Molina . Pujols singled to start the fourth	True
Ricky Nolasco allowed five earned runs and eight hits in six innings . A year after setting career bests with 15 wins and an ERA of 3.52 , he has allowed at least four runs in all but one of his six starts this season . Zambrano ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs on four hits in five innings to earn career win No . 99 . Known for taking big swings at the plate , he dropped down a bunt in the bottom half of the fifth	True
After batting .189 in April , Lee had two hits Friday and homered Saturday . Following his grand slam , he came back out for a curtain call . Kevin Gregg pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Kevin Gregg pitched a scoreless ninth for his third save . He was helped by Fukudome , who made a diving catch in right field on Emilio Bonifacio 's sinking liner for the final out . Florida loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth	True
Kevin Gregg pitched a scoreless ninth for his third save . He was helped by Fukudome , who made a diving catch in right field on Emilio Bonifacio 's sinking liner for the final out . Florida loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth , but Cubs reliever Angel Guzman managed to wiggle himself out of the jam while allowing just one run on a sacrifice fly by Dan Uggla . Guzman then pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh	True
Florida loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth , but Cubs reliever Angel Guzman managed to wiggle himself out of the jam while allowing just one run on a sacrifice fly by Dan Uggla . Guzman then pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh . Baker led off the eighth	True
Instead it was Aardsma ( 0 - 1 ) getting tagged with his first loss of the season as Seattle 's bullpen that has been so solid was leaky on this night . The A 's got a run in the eighth	True
The A 's got a run in the eighth when Ryan Sweeney dropped a double just in front of Endy Chavez 's diving attempt in left off Mark Lowe . Two batters later , Giambi beat the shift of the Mariners infield , grounding a single right where shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt would normally be playing . Sweeney jogged home and Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn was erased from the decision . Aardsma then walked Crosby on four pitches with one - out in the ninth	True
The A 's got a run in the eighth when Ryan Sweeney dropped a double just in front of Endy Chavez 's diving attempt in left off Mark Lowe . Two batters later , Giambi beat the shift of the Mariners infield , grounding a single right where shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt would normally be playing . Sweeney jogged home and Seattle starter Jarrod Washburn was erased from the decision . Aardsma then walked Crosby on four pitches with one - out in the ninth . Crosby stole second	False
While Seattle 's bullpen scuffled , the A 's combo of Andrew Bailey and Michael Wuertz were solid . Bailey ( 3 - 0 ) gave up the lead in the seventh	True
While Seattle 's bullpen scuffled , the A 's combo of Andrew Bailey and Michael Wuertz were solid . Bailey ( 3 - 0 ) gave up the lead in the seventh as Seattle pieced together three singles and a run scoring sacrifice fly from Chavez in the seventh inning that gave Seattle a 2 - 1 lead . But he settled down for a quick eighth	True
While Seattle 's bullpen scuffled , the A 's combo of Andrew Bailey and Michael Wuertz were solid . Bailey ( 3 - 0 ) gave up the lead in the seventh as Seattle pieced together three singles and a run scoring sacrifice fly from Chavez in the seventh inning that gave Seattle a 2 - 1 lead . But he settled down for a quick eighth , and Wuertz pitched the ninth	True
Washburn pitched seven strong innings for Seattle , but missed out on his fourth victory . Except for his last start against the Angels , Washburn has been outstanding . He gave up just one run and five hits in his seven innings of work against the A 's , and struck out six . Washburn 's only mistake was Giambi 's two - out double in the sixth	True
Washburn pitched seven strong innings for Seattle , but missed out on his fourth victory . Except for his last start against the Angels , Washburn has been outstanding . He gave up just one run and five hits in his seven innings of work against the A 's , and struck out six . Washburn 's only mistake was Giambi 's two - out double in the sixth that allowed Petit to race around from first	False
Pelfrey ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits . He also chipped in with two RBIs , matching his career total . J. J. Putz , who blew a one - run lead in a loss to Florida on Wednesday , pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Mets jumped on Park early , taking a 5 - 0 lead in the third inning . Park , who won a four - man competition for the fifth starter 's job in spring training , could be in danger of going back to the bullpen . He has an 8.57 ERA in five appearances , including four starts . After Alex Cora walked in the first	True
After Alex Cora walked in the first , Murphy hit a high drive that landed in the first row of the right-field stands . Park walked Carlos Beltran and David Wright after the homer and fell behind Ryan Church 3 - 0 , before retiring him on a double-play grounder to end the inning . The Mets added a pair of runs in the second	True
The Mets added a pair of runs in the second on sacrifice flies . Fernando Tatis singled to start the inning and Omir Santos followed with a double . Tatis scored on Pelfrey 's fly to deep left and Santos came in on Jose Reyes ' fly to center . Santos drove in another run with a sac fly in the third	True
Raul Ibanez delivered a broken-bat , two - run single with two outs . Pedro Feliz followed with an RBI single to right to cut it to 5 - 3 . Beltran led off the fifth	True
Beltran led off the fifth with a double , extending his hitting streak to 13 games . Wright singled him in to give the Mets a 6 - 3 lead . Pelfrey greeted reliever Chad Durbin with a two - out , RBI single that made it 7 - 3 . Utley hit a solo shot off Pedro Feliciano in the seventh	True
Weary of inconsistent play and mental mistakes , Manuel held a 20-minute meeting after Friday 's 6 - 1 defeat . After going without an extra-base hit for the first time in 97 games Friday , the Phillies used the long ball to jump ahead quickly , homering twice in the top of the first	True
After going without an extra-base hit for the first time in 97 games Friday , the Phillies used the long ball to jump ahead quickly , homering twice in the top of the first . Werth hit a towering two - run drive into the upper deck , his 14th	False
Toronto left-hander Brad Mills ( 0 - 1 ) allowed eight runs on eight hits in four - plus innings , striking out seven in his second career start . Werth 's upper deck blast was the 14th	False
Happ said he lost track of Werth 's homer as it climbed toward the upper deck . A Blue Jay in 2002 and 2003 before he was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers , Werth singled in the third	True
Happ said he lost track of Werth 's homer as it climbed toward the upper deck . A Blue Jay in 2002 and 2003 before he was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers , Werth singled in the third , doubled and scored in the fifth	False
Happ said he lost track of Werth 's homer as it climbed toward the upper deck . A Blue Jay in 2002 and 2003 before he was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers , Werth singled in the third , doubled and scored in the fifth and hit a solo homer off reliever B. J. Ryan in the sixth	True
Mills also faced the Phillies in his debut , June 18 at Philadelphia , when he allowed four runs and six hits , including homers to Werth and Jimmy Rollins , in 3 2/3 innings . Carlos Ruiz hit an RBI double in the fourth	True
Mills also faced the Phillies in his debut , June 18 at Philadelphia , when he allowed four runs and six hits , including homers to Werth and Jimmy Rollins , in 3 2/3 innings . Carlos Ruiz hit an RBI double in the fourth before the Phillies pulled away with a four - run fifth	True
Carlos Pena hit his AL-leading 23rd home run and Willy Aybar broke a ninth-inning tie with a pinch-hit sacrifice fly , as the Rays ( 41 - 35 ) won their fourth straight to climb a season-best six games over .500 . Jason Bartlett singled off Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth	True
Carlos Pena hit his AL-leading 23rd home run and Willy Aybar broke a ninth-inning tie with a pinch-hit sacrifice fly , as the Rays ( 41 - 35 ) won their fourth straight to climb a season-best six games over .500 . Jason Bartlett singled off Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth . He stole second	False
Carlos Pena hit his AL-leading 23rd home run and Willy Aybar broke a ninth-inning tie with a pinch-hit sacrifice fly , as the Rays ( 41 - 35 ) won their fourth straight to climb a season-best six games over .500 . Jason Bartlett singled off Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth . He stole second , moved to third	False
Jason Bartlett singled off Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth . He stole second , moved to third on a wild pitch , then scored easily on Aybar 's fly ball to center field . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 2 ) pitched the ninth	True
Brett Carroll homered for Florida , however the Marlins went 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position and have gone 1 for 16 in those situations in dropping the first two games of the weekend Citrus Series . The Marlins , who lost Friday night 's opener when the Rays scored four in the eighth	True
Kazmir , an All-Star last season , allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He threw 61 of his 92 pitches for strikes , walked one and struck out five , including Chris Coghlan three times . Marlins starter Chris Volstad gave up Pena 's solo homer in the fourth	True
Kazmir , an All-Star last season , allowed two runs and four hits in five innings . He threw 61 of his 92 pitches for strikes , walked one and struck out five , including Chris Coghlan three times . Marlins starter Chris Volstad gave up Pena 's solo homer in the fourth and a RBI bunt single to B. J. Upton in the fifth	True
Kazmir , who 's 4 - 4 with a 7.28 ERA , had not pitched in the majors since allowing seven runs in 4 1/3 innings of a loss to Oakland on May 20 . He worked on pitching mechanics the past month and felt good about the adjustments he 's made following a pair of rehab outings in the minor leagues . The first inning has been a problem for the left-hander , and he fell behind quickly again this time with the Marlins taking a 1 - 0 lead without getting a hit . Carroll 's third homer of the season made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
The first inning has been a problem for the left-hander , and he fell behind quickly again this time with the Marlins taking a 1 - 0 lead without getting a hit . Carroll 's third homer of the season made it 2 - 0 in the third . Fifteen of the 30 walks Kazmir has allowed this year have come in the first inning , and he has trailed after one inning in his each of his four losses . Emilio Bonifacio drew an early pass Saturday , then stole second	False
The first inning has been a problem for the left-hander , and he fell behind quickly again this time with the Marlins taking a 1 - 0 lead without getting a hit . Carroll 's third homer of the season made it 2 - 0 in the third . Fifteen of the 30 walks Kazmir has allowed this year have come in the first inning , and he has trailed after one inning in his each of his four losses . Emilio Bonifacio drew an early pass Saturday , then stole second and third	False
The Brewers are 5 - 10 in interleague play , a string of games that highlighted the team 's recent pitching problems . Baker ( 5 - 6 ) went six innings , holding the Brewers scoreless until Casey McGehee and Prince Fielder homered in the sixth	True
Brewers batters previously have complained about the shadows at Miller Park during day games -- then again , it did n't really seem to hurt the Twins on Thursday . Brewers reliever Chris Narveson walked Span to start the seventh	True
Span then scored on a passed ball by catcher Jason Kendall , and Mauer bashed a ground-rule double to score Harris , putting the Twins up 6 - 3 . Ryan Braun hit his 16th home run off Matt Guerrier in the eighth	True
Span then scored on a passed ball by catcher Jason Kendall , and Mauer bashed a ground-rule double to score Harris , putting the Twins up 6 - 3 . Ryan Braun hit his 16th home run off Matt Guerrier in the eighth , cutting Minnesota 's lead to 2 . But Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Burns walked Span to lead off the game but recovered to retire eight straight . He got in trouble in the fourth	True
Instead , Joe Mauer flew out and Justin Morneau hit an RBI single to give Minnesota a 1 - 0 lead . Jason Kubel singled to load the bases with one out , and Burns ran the count full on Michael Cuddyer before walking in a run to put the Twins up 2 - 0 . Minnesota added a run in the fifth	True
Minnesota added a run in the fifth when Span tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Harris . Crede then hit a solo home run deep to left-center field in the sixth	True
`` We 've made some mental mistakes , mistakes you 're not supposed to make . Sometimes we do n't score . Sometimes we do n't hold them . We do n't play consistent baseball . We do n't have the pitching and hitting and defense together . That 's how you accumulate losses . '' The Rays scored six times in the first two innings , then broke the game open with three runs in the sixth	True
The Rays scored six times in the first two innings , then broke the game open with three runs in the sixth off Chad Durbin . Aybar , starting because Longoria was resting a sore left hamstring , had a solo homer in the second	True
The Rays scored six times in the first two innings , then broke the game open with three runs in the sixth off Chad Durbin . Aybar , starting because Longoria was resting a sore left hamstring , had a solo homer in the second and a two - run single in the sixth	False
Aybar , starting because Longoria was resting a sore left hamstring , had a solo homer in the second and a two - run single in the sixth . Zobrist 's 16th homer finished Tampa Bay 's three - run first	True
Aybar , starting because Longoria was resting a sore left hamstring , had a solo homer in the second and a two - run single in the sixth . Zobrist 's 16th homer finished Tampa Bay 's three - run first . Bartlett had two singles , one of them driving in a run in the sixth	True
Zobrist 's 16th homer finished Tampa Bay 's three - run first . Bartlett had two singles , one of them driving in a run in the sixth , to prolong his hitting streak . Quinton McCracken had an 18-game streak for the Rays in 1998 . Sonnanstine settled after yielding a two - run double to Ryan Howard , an RBI double to Matt Stairs and an RBI single to Pedro Feliz in the first	True
Maddon said he 'll decide Friday . The Rays answered Philadelphia 's quick start with three runs in the first	True
Maddon said he 'll decide Friday . The Rays answered Philadelphia 's quick start with three runs in the first and three more in the second	True
Maddon said he 'll decide Friday . The Rays answered Philadelphia 's quick start with three runs in the first and three more in the second against Bastardo , who allowed six runs and seven hits before leaving with a shoulder sprain with one out in the fourth	True
The Rays answered Philadelphia 's quick start with three runs in the first and three more in the second against Bastardo , who allowed six runs and seven hits before leaving with a shoulder sprain with one out in the fourth . After the shaky beginning , Sonnanstine allowed one hit -- Greg Dobbs ' one - out single in the fifth -- over the next four innings . The only other Phillies baserunner during that stretch reached on a walk in the third	True
After the shaky beginning , Sonnanstine allowed one hit -- Greg Dobbs ' one - out single in the fifth -- over the next four innings . The only other Phillies baserunner during that stretch reached on a walk in the third . The Phillies , who played without slumping shortstop Jimmy Rollins , wasted an opportunity to cut into a two - run deficit in the sixth	True
After the shaky beginning , Sonnanstine allowed one hit -- Greg Dobbs ' one - out single in the fifth -- over the next four innings . The only other Phillies baserunner during that stretch reached on a walk in the third . The Phillies , who played without slumping shortstop Jimmy Rollins , wasted an opportunity to cut into a two - run deficit in the sixth , when Feliz was doubled off first base on one - out fly ball to center that should have scored Matt Stairs from third	False
The Phillies , who played without slumping shortstop Jimmy Rollins , wasted an opportunity to cut into a two - run deficit in the sixth , when Feliz was doubled off first base on one - out fly ball to center that should have scored Matt Stairs from third . Feliz scrambled to get back to first	False
The Phillies , who played without slumping shortstop Jimmy Rollins , wasted an opportunity to cut into a two - run deficit in the sixth , when Feliz was doubled off first base on one - out fly ball to center that should have scored Matt Stairs from third . Feliz scrambled to get back to first and Stairs took off for home , but B. J. Upton 's throw from center easily beat both runners for the third	False
Zach Duke allowed one run in six innings , Adam LaRoche drove in three runs and the Pirates did n't wait to get into Cleveland 's slumping bullpen to start scoring , roughing up the struggling Pavano during a 10 - 6 victory over the Indians on Wednesday night . The Pirates ended a five - game losing streak by scoring three runs in the second	True
Zach Duke allowed one run in six innings , Adam LaRoche drove in three runs and the Pirates did n't wait to get into Cleveland 's slumping bullpen to start scoring , roughing up the struggling Pavano during a 10 - 6 victory over the Indians on Wednesday night . The Pirates ended a five - game losing streak by scoring three runs in the second and six in the fourth	True
Zach Duke allowed one run in six innings , Adam LaRoche drove in three runs and the Pirates did n't wait to get into Cleveland 's slumping bullpen to start scoring , roughing up the struggling Pavano during a 10 - 6 victory over the Indians on Wednesday night . The Pirates ended a five - game losing streak by scoring three runs in the second and six in the fourth . They finished with 14 hits against five pitchers , leading 10 - 1 before Cleveland scored five runs with two out in the ninth	True
The Pirates ended a five - game losing streak by scoring three runs in the second and six in the fourth . They finished with 14 hits against five pitchers , leading 10 - 1 before Cleveland scored five runs with two out in the ninth on Kelly Shoppach 's two - run homer and Grady Sizemore 's three - run shot against Steven Jackson . The night before , the Pirates trailed 5 - 0 going into the ninth	True
The night before , the Pirates trailed 5 - 0 going into the ninth , only to score four times and load the bases before LaRoche 's fly ball out on a 3 - 2 pitch ended Cleveland 's 5 - 4 victory . Cleveland 's bullpen went into Wednesday 's game with an 0 - 4 record and 8.78 ERA in its previous seven games . Pavano wondered what would have happened if he had gotten out of the fourth	True
Or unravel like the Indians ' season appears to be doing . They lost their seventh	False
They lost their seventh in eighth games as Pavano ( 6 - 6 ) gave up 11 hits and eight runs , three earned , in 3 2/3 innings . Pavano appeared to be on his way to a good season after winning six of seven decisions from May 1-June 5 , but he has a 12.15 ERA in his last three starts . Pavano 's ERA climbed to 5.80 , even though shortstop Luis Valbuena 's throwing error on Freddy Sanchez 's grounder meant the Pirates ' final five runs in the fourth	True
Pavano 's ERA climbed to 5.80 , even though shortstop Luis Valbuena 's throwing error on Freddy Sanchez 's grounder meant the Pirates ' final five runs in the fourth were unearned . The Pirates also had four consecutive hits against Pavano in the second	True
The Pirates also had four consecutive hits against Pavano in the second , including Andrew McCutchen 's two - run single . McCutchen has a 12-game hitting streak , the longest by a rookie this season . LaRoche contributed a two - run single in the fourth	True
The Pirates also had four consecutive hits against Pavano in the second , including Andrew McCutchen 's two - run single . McCutchen has a 12-game hitting streak , the longest by a rookie this season . LaRoche contributed a two - run single in the fourth and a solo homer in the sixth	True
The Pirates also had four consecutive hits against Pavano in the second , including Andrew McCutchen 's two - run single . McCutchen has a 12-game hitting streak , the longest by a rookie this season . LaRoche contributed a two - run single in the fourth and a solo homer in the sixth . Jason Jaramillo finished off the fourth	True
Sure enough , Schierholtz scored the winning run on a wild pitch by Jason Jennings with two outs in the 11th inning and the San Francisco Giants beat the Texas Rangers 2 - 1 on Saturday night . Schierholtz , who entered in a double-switch in the top half , doubled off Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) to start the inning , then advanced to third	False
Schierholtz , who entered in a double-switch in the top half , doubled off Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) to start the inning , then advanced to third on a groundout . Pablo Sandoval drew an intentional walk to bring up Bengie Molina , who swung at the 0 - 1 wild pitch that bounced in the dirt , came up and hit catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia and bounced toward San Francisco 's dugout . It was the second game in the majors Saturday to end on a wild pitch in extra innings . The Chicago Cubs beat Cleveland 6 - 5 in the 13th	True
Texas ' Chris Davis struck out three times and became the fastest player in major league history to reach 100 strikeouts , doing so in 219 at-bats . Melvin Nieves held the previous mark of 235 at-bats with Detroit in 1997 . Sergio Romo ( 2 - 0 ) walked Ian Kinsler to start the 11th	True
Aaron Rowand homered for the second straight night and has hit safely in 22 of 31 career games against the Rangers , including 18 of his past 20 . Rowand homered in the third	True
Aaron Rowand homered for the second straight night and has hit safely in 22 of 31 career games against the Rangers , including 18 of his past 20 . Rowand homered in the third , then Kinsler tied it with a solo shot leading off the sixth	True
Omar Vizquel earned the start at shortstop for Texas and was looking to break countryman Luis Aparicio 's record for hits by a Venezuelan player of 2,677 , but went 0 for 4 . The 42-year-old Vizquel , a fan favorite while playing the past four seasons with San Francisco , received a warm ovation when he stepped into the batter 's box in the second	True
Jeff Weaver ( 4 - 1 ) had the upper hand there , too , going five - plus innings and giving up two runs and six hits , including a home run by Kendry Morales . Jered Weaver ( 7 - 3 ) had a rougher time . He went 5 1/3 innings and was tagged for six runs and 10 hits , including a home run by Russell Martin -- his first	False
Dave was caught with his head in his hands a few times when either sibling gave up a run . That happened plenty of times in the fifth	True
That happened plenty of times in the fifth . Jered , who struck out four and walked three , gave up three runs in that inning , with Andre Ethier 's two - run triple giving the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Jeff , who was bumped out of the majors by Jered in 2006 , gave up two runs early and left after Chone Figgins hit a leadoff triple in the sixth	True
That happened plenty of times in the fifth . Jered , who struck out four and walked three , gave up three runs in that inning , with Andre Ethier 's two - run triple giving the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Jeff , who was bumped out of the majors by Jered in 2006 , gave up two runs early and left after Chone Figgins hit a leadoff triple in the sixth . The rest of his outing was pretty much hiccup-free , and he had easy innings in the third	True
That happened plenty of times in the fifth . Jered , who struck out four and walked three , gave up three runs in that inning , with Andre Ethier 's two - run triple giving the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Jeff , who was bumped out of the majors by Jered in 2006 , gave up two runs early and left after Chone Figgins hit a leadoff triple in the sixth . The rest of his outing was pretty much hiccup-free , and he had easy innings in the third , fourth	False
That happened plenty of times in the fifth . Jered , who struck out four and walked three , gave up three runs in that inning , with Andre Ethier 's two - run triple giving the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Jeff , who was bumped out of the majors by Jered in 2006 , gave up two runs early and left after Chone Figgins hit a leadoff triple in the sixth . The rest of his outing was pretty much hiccup-free , and he had easy innings in the third , fourth and fifth	True
Jeff , who was bumped out of the majors by Jered in 2006 , gave up two runs early and left after Chone Figgins hit a leadoff triple in the sixth . The rest of his outing was pretty much hiccup-free , and he had easy innings in the third , fourth and fifth . Gary Matthews Jr. hit a two - run homer off Dodgers closer Jonathan Broxton in the ninth	True
Bobby Abreu singled in Figgins in the first inning and Morales ' homer over the left-field wall gave the Angels an early 2 - 0 lead . But the Dodgers tied it up in the third	True
Porcello won for the seventh time in nine starts while pitching in 90-degree heat and the Detroit Tigers shook off an offensive drought with a four - run first inning in a 6 - 3 victory on Thursday that avoided a three - game sweep . ' Placido Polanco and Marcus Thames homered in the eighth	True
Placido Polanco and Marcus Thames homered in the eighth for the Tigers , who had scored three or fewer runs in their previous seven games . Detroit ended a four - game losing streak and won for the first time in six games at 4-year-old Busch Stadium counting three losses to end the 2006 World Series . Porcello ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs in 5 2/3 innings . He worked out of trouble in the first	True
Placido Polanco and Marcus Thames homered in the eighth for the Tigers , who had scored three or fewer runs in their previous seven games . Detroit ended a four - game losing streak and won for the first time in six games at 4-year-old Busch Stadium counting three losses to end the 2006 World Series . Porcello ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs in 5 2/3 innings . He worked out of trouble in the first , second	True
Placido Polanco and Marcus Thames homered in the eighth for the Tigers , who had scored three or fewer runs in their previous seven games . Detroit ended a four - game losing streak and won for the first time in six games at 4-year-old Busch Stadium counting three losses to end the 2006 World Series . Porcello ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs in 5 2/3 innings . He worked out of trouble in the first , second and fifth	True
Porcello ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs in 5 2/3 innings . He worked out of trouble in the first , second and fifth , stranding two runners in each inning and is 7 - 1 with a 2.64 ERA in his last nine starts . The right-hander leads AL rookies in wins and is 3 - 0 with a 1.45 ERA in three interleague starts . Fernando Rodney , making his first appearance in six days , walked the bases loaded with one out in the ninth	True
The right-hander leads AL rookies in wins and is 3 - 0 with a 1.45 ERA in three interleague starts . Fernando Rodney , making his first appearance in six days , walked the bases loaded with one out in the ninth before inducing a double play ball from Rick Ankiel for his 13th save in 13 chances . Cardinals starter Joel Pineiro made a dramatic exit , cramping in his right leg and collapsing in front of the mound after striking out Josh Anderson to end the seventh	True
Cardinals starter Joel Pineiro made a dramatic exit , cramping in his right leg and collapsing in front of the mound after striking out Josh Anderson to end the seventh . Pineiro , who allowed one earned run but left trailing 4 - 3 , was carried off the field by Ankiel and Yadier Molina after failing in an attempt to reach the dugout on his own . Pineiro ( 5 - 8 ) allowed four runs and four hits in the first	True
Cardinals starter Joel Pineiro made a dramatic exit , cramping in his right leg and collapsing in front of the mound after striking out Josh Anderson to end the seventh . Pineiro , who allowed one earned run but left trailing 4 - 3 , was carried off the field by Ankiel and Yadier Molina after failing in an attempt to reach the dugout on his own . Pineiro ( 5 - 8 ) allowed four runs and four hits in the first , then retired 16 in a row starting with the last out of that inning . He gave up only one more hit , a leadoff single by Brandon Inge in the seventh	True
Pineiro ( 5 - 8 ) allowed four runs and four hits in the first , then retired 16 in a row starting with the last out of that inning . He gave up only one more hit , a leadoff single by Brandon Inge in the seventh . Khalil Greene , activated from the 15-day disabled list for social anxiety disorder earlier in the day , struck out as a pinch hitter in the eighth	True
The Tigers opened the game with singles by Curtis Granderson and Polanco , and four players had an RBI apiece . Only one of the runs was earned after third baseman Joe Thurston booted Miguel Cabrera 's RBI grounder . A wild throw on Pineiro 's poor bunt by Laird , the catcher , handed the Cardinals a run in the second	True
The Tigers opened the game with singles by Curtis Granderson and Polanco , and four players had an RBI apiece . Only one of the runs was earned after third baseman Joe Thurston booted Miguel Cabrera 's RBI grounder . A wild throw on Pineiro 's poor bunt by Laird , the catcher , handed the Cardinals a run in the second and Tyler Greene added an RBI infield hit to cut the deficit to 4 - 2 . St. Louis parlayed two hits and Chris Duncan 's RBI infield grounder to cut the gap to a run in the fifth	True
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles were 0 - 34 when trailing after eight innings , and they were down a run in the ninth	True
Rodriguez , who last yielded an earned run on April 27 , made no excuses after allowing five of the six batters he faced to reach base . Matt Wieters led off the ninth	True
Rodriguez , who last yielded an earned run on April 27 , made no excuses after allowing five of the six batters he faced to reach base . Matt Wieters led off the ninth with a double and Nolan Reimold walked . Brian Roberts laid down a bunt , and the throw to third	False
Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) then walked Jones to force in a run , and after Nick Markakis struck out , Huff hit a liner to right -- his second straight game-deciding hit . One night earlier , his seventh-inning homer broke a tie in Baltimore 's 6 - 4 win . After he touched first	False
After he touched first , the veteran was buried under a pile of his teammates in an impromptu -- and improbable -- celebration . Matt Albers ( 1 - 2 ) pitched the ninth	True
Matt Albers ( 1 - 2 ) pitched the ninth and Robert Andino homered for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Mets . Held to one infield hit over the first five innings by rookie Jason Berken , New York rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit by scoring two runs in the sixth	True
Matt Albers ( 1 - 2 ) pitched the ninth and Robert Andino homered for the Orioles , who took two of three from the Mets . Held to one infield hit over the first five innings by rookie Jason Berken , New York rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit by scoring two runs in the sixth and two more in the seventh	False
Held to one infield hit over the first five innings by rookie Jason Berken , New York rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit by scoring two runs in the sixth and two more in the seventh . Alex Cora got the first hit in each inning and scored twice . Baltimore closed to 4 - 3 in the eighth	False
Held to one infield hit over the first five innings by rookie Jason Berken , New York rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit by scoring two runs in the sixth and two more in the seventh . Alex Cora got the first hit in each inning and scored twice . Baltimore closed to 4 - 3 in the eighth when Huff doubled and scored on a groundout by Luke Scott , and the Orioles completed the unlikely comeback against K-Rod in the ninth	True
Mets starter Livan Hernandez gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He left with the lead , and although the bullpen gave it away , remained unbeaten since April 23 . After putting only one runner in scoring position through the fifth	True
Mets starter Livan Hernandez gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings . He left with the lead , and although the bullpen gave it away , remained unbeaten since April 23 . After putting only one runner in scoring position through the fifth , the Mets pulled even in the sixth	True
After putting only one runner in scoring position through the fifth , the Mets pulled even in the sixth . Singles by Cora and Carlos Beltran preceded a sacrifice fly by David Wright , and after Gary Sheffield singled , Ryan Church hit an RBI single off the right-field wall . Berken retired the first two batters in the seventh	True
Making his fifth career start , Berken allowed four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . He had a career-high eight strikeouts , getting Wright , Santos and Murphy twice . Andino put the Orioles up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Andino put the Orioles up 1 - 0 in the third with his first home run since April 7 , 2008 , with Florida . Baltimore added a run in the fifth	False
Lannan ( 4 - 5 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 8 1/3 innings , hurting one of his hometown teams for the second time in two weeks . He beat the New York Mets 7 - 1 on June 6 , tossing a four - hitter for his first career complete game . Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in the ninth	True
Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in the ninth and Mark Teixeira singled with one out , sending Lannan to the dugout and the Yankee Stadium crowd into a frenzy . Mike MacDougal replaced Lannan , who was born in Long Beach and would n't even hazard a guess when asked how many games he went to at the old stadium . Pinch-runner Brett Gardner stole second	False
Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in the ninth and Mark Teixeira singled with one out , sending Lannan to the dugout and the Yankee Stadium crowd into a frenzy . Mike MacDougal replaced Lannan , who was born in Long Beach and would n't even hazard a guess when asked how many games he went to at the old stadium . Pinch-runner Brett Gardner stole second and third	False
Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in the ninth and Mark Teixeira singled with one out , sending Lannan to the dugout and the Yankee Stadium crowd into a frenzy . Mike MacDougal replaced Lannan , who was born in Long Beach and would n't even hazard a guess when asked how many games he went to at the old stadium . Pinch-runner Brett Gardner stole second and third on consecutive pitches with MacDougal on the mound before Rodriguez walked . But MacDougal got Robinson Cano to ground into a game-ending double play , pumping his fist after second baseman Anderson Hernandez threw to first	False
It was MacDougal 's first save since July 16 , 2006 , for Kansas City at Detroit . Cano fouled off four 2 - 2 pitches before hitting a tailor-made double-play ball to shortstop . Cano hit a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
Wang ( 0 - 5 ) likely bought himself at least another turn in the rotation with his best start of the year . The right-hander allowed three runs and six hits in a season-high five innings one day after his wife , Chia-Ling Wu , gave birth to their first child , a 7-pound , 12-ounce boy named Justin Jesse . Wang got a tough break in the fifth	True
Wang ( 0 - 5 ) likely bought himself at least another turn in the rotation with his best start of the year . The right-hander allowed three runs and six hits in a season-high five innings one day after his wife , Chia-Ling Wu , gave birth to their first child , a 7-pound , 12-ounce boy named Justin Jesse . Wang got a tough break in the fifth when Cristian Guzman reached on an infield single -- he appeared to be out at first	False
Wang got a tough break in the fifth when Cristian Guzman reached on an infield single -- he appeared to be out at first on a close play . Johnson followed with a sinking liner to left-center . Center fielder Melky Cabrera tried to make a diving catch but the ball got past him and rolled to the wall . Willie Harris and Guzman scored easily to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead , but Wang buckled down to strand Johnson at third	False
Orlando Hudson greeted Brad Ziegler ( 1 - 2 ) with a leadoff single and Casey Blake reached on a fielding error by two - time Gold Glove shortstop Orlando Cabrera . James Loney , who does n't have a sacrifice bunt all season , bunted two pitches foul before grounding into a double play . Loney originally was ruled safe at first	False
Kemp promptly followed with a single to right to score Hudson and send the A 's to their fourth straight loss . Guillermo Mota ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Giambi hit a three - run homer with one out in the eighth inning against Dodgers reliever Ramon Troncoso -- ending a 3 - for - 23 slump -- and Troncoso 's scoreless streak at 13 2/3 innings . Bobby Crosby added a solo shot off the right-hander two batters later to give Oakland a 4 - 2 lead . The Dodgers tied it with two in the bottom of the eighth	False
The Dodgers tied it with two in the bottom of the eighth . Both runs were charged to reliever Michael Wuertz , who gave up an RBI single by Blake . Ethier drove in Blake with a fielder 's choice grounder against closer Andrew Bailey , who was charged with his fourth blown save in nine chances . Blake and Loney hit consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth	True
The Dodgers tied it with two in the bottom of the eighth . Both runs were charged to reliever Michael Wuertz , who gave up an RBI single by Blake . Ethier drove in Blake with a fielder 's choice grounder against closer Andrew Bailey , who was charged with his fourth blown save in nine chances . Blake and Loney hit consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth to break a scoreless tie after reliever Ronald Belisario retired Nomar Garciaparra with the bases loaded in the sixth	True
Blake and Loney hit consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth to break a scoreless tie after reliever Ronald Belisario retired Nomar Garciaparra with the bases loaded in the sixth . Dodgers lefty Clayton Kershaw scattered four hits over 5 2/3 innings and struck out eight . He was lifted in the sixth	True
Blake and Loney hit consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth to break a scoreless tie after reliever Ronald Belisario retired Nomar Garciaparra with the bases loaded in the sixth . Dodgers lefty Clayton Kershaw scattered four hits over 5 2/3 innings and struck out eight . He was lifted in the sixth after giving up a two - out double to Giambi and a walk to Cabrera . Garciaparra batted for Jack Hannahan and Belisario retired the former Dodger on a grounder to first	False
Dodgers lefty Clayton Kershaw scattered four hits over 5 2/3 innings and struck out eight . He was lifted in the sixth after giving up a two - out double to Giambi and a walk to Cabrera . Garciaparra batted for Jack Hannahan and Belisario retired the former Dodger on a grounder to first after both runners advanced on a wild pitch . Oakland lefty Dallas Braden allowed two runs and four hits over six innings and retired his first 14 batters before Kemp doubled to left-center with two out in the fifth	True
The Marlins , who swept Toronto over the weekend , were trying to reach .500 for the first time since May 13 . Wakefield is 9 - 2 in his last 15 interleague starts , and his knuckleball was too tough of a task for an NL team that had faced him once since 2003 . Chris Volstad ( 4 - 7 ) allowed nine hits and a career-high eight runs before he was chased in the fourth	True
Ortiz , who did not homer in the first six weeks of the season , now has five for the year -- four of them in the last nine games . His batting average is back up to .210 -- still 73 points below his career average , but at least not below the Mendoza line , .200 , where he stayed for most of the last month . Ortiz homered into the Marlins bullpen to lead off the fourth	True
Ortiz homered into the Marlins bullpen to lead off the fourth , then came up again with the bases loaded and two outs and singled up to make it 8 - 1 . Nick Green had two hits and two RBIs for Boston , and Jacoby Ellsbury had two hits , two stolen bases and scored twice , including a dash from second	False
Ortiz homered into the Marlins bullpen to lead off the fourth , then came up again with the bases loaded and two outs and singled up to make it 8 - 1 . Nick Green had two hits and two RBIs for Boston , and Jacoby Ellsbury had two hits , two stolen bases and scored twice , including a dash from second on an infield single in the second	True
It was also the first time Richard , a starting pitcher , had ever pinch ran . The single was n't hard enough for center fielder Mike Cameron to make a throw home . After getting the first	False
After getting the first out , Hoffman got in trouble by walking pinch-hitter Jim Thome , who was pulled for Richard . Scott Podsednik hit a soft single through the infield and Alexei Ramirez flied out to bring up Pierzynski . Reliever Matt Thornton ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs in the eighth	True
It 's been a good start to a short , nine - game road trip for the White Sox , who took two of three at Miller Park . They 'll drive 90 miles back to Chicago for an off-day on Monday before a three - game set opens at Wrigley Field against the Cubs on Tuesday . Gordon Beckham , who had his first two career RBIs on Saturday in a 7 - 1 win , drove in two more in the fourth inning off Braden Looper when he doubled in the corner to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead . Chicago 's top draft pick last year advanced to third	True
Gordon Beckham , who had his first two career RBIs on Saturday in a 7 - 1 win , drove in two more in the fourth inning off Braden Looper when he doubled in the corner to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead . Chicago 's top draft pick last year advanced to third on Buehrle 's groundout and scored on a two - out single by Podsednik that made it 4 - 2 . But Hart , mired in a 2 - for - 23 slump until Wednesday , hit a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
Gordon Beckham , who had his first two career RBIs on Saturday in a 7 - 1 win , drove in two more in the fourth inning off Braden Looper when he doubled in the corner to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead . Chicago 's top draft pick last year advanced to third on Buehrle 's groundout and scored on a two - out single by Podsednik that made it 4 - 2 . But Hart , mired in a 2 - for - 23 slump until Wednesday , hit a leadoff homer in the fourth and tied it with a solo shot in the sixth	True
Paulino hit two home runs , Johnson pitched a seven - hitter and the Marlins beat the Blue Jays 11 - 3 Sunday for a sweep . The Marlins took the three - game series and won their eighth	False
Paulino hit two home runs , Johnson pitched a seven - hitter and the Marlins beat the Blue Jays 11 - 3 Sunday for a sweep . The Marlins took the three - game series and won their eighth in a row overall at Toronto . The Blue Jays lost their fourth straight and fell to 0 - 6 in interleague play . The three - game home skid is Toronto 's first	False
The Marlins took the three - game series and won their eighth in a row overall at Toronto . The Blue Jays lost their fourth straight and fell to 0 - 6 in interleague play . The three - game home skid is Toronto 's first this season . Paulino went 4 for 5 , scoring three runs and driving in three with his first career multihomer game . He hit a two - run drive in the second inning and added a solo shot in the ninth	True
Florida had a season-high 18 hits and improved to 17 - 4 against the Blue Jays , including 10 - 2 in Toronto . Alex Rios and Kevin Millar homered for Toronto . The Marlins took the lead in the second	True
The Marlins took the lead in the second against Brian Tallet ( 4 - 4 ) when Wes Helms hit a sacrifice fly and Paulino followed with a home run . Hanley Ramirez hit an RBI single in the third	True
The Marlins took the lead in the second against Brian Tallet ( 4 - 4 ) when Wes Helms hit a sacrifice fly and Paulino followed with a home run . Hanley Ramirez hit an RBI single in the third and Florida broke it open with a four - run fourth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit an RBI single in the third and Florida broke it open with a four - run fourth . Brett Carroll hit a two - run single , Emilio Bonifacio chased Tallet with an RBI single and Ramirez had a sacrifice fly off reliever Dirk Hayhurst . Tallet ( 4 - 4 ) allowed eight runs and 10 hits in a season-low 3 1/3 innings . He became the second Blue Jays starter in as many days to not pitch past the fourth	True
Tallet called it `` a really , really bad day at the office . '' Rios hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Tallet called it `` a really , really bad day at the office . '' Rios hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his second	False
Rios hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his second in as many days , and Millar connected later in the inning to make it 8 - 3 . Johnson responded by setting down the next 11 batters , a stretch that ended with Aaron Hill 's one - out single in the eighth	True
Johnson responded by setting down the next 11 batters , a stretch that ended with Aaron Hill 's one - out single in the eighth . Vernon Wells followed with a walk but Johnson got Adam Lind to ground into a double play . Chris Coghlan drew a bases-loaded walk off Jesse Carlson in the seventh	True
Johnson responded by setting down the next 11 batters , a stretch that ended with Aaron Hill 's one - out single in the eighth . Vernon Wells followed with a walk but Johnson got Adam Lind to ground into a double play . Chris Coghlan drew a bases-loaded walk off Jesse Carlson in the seventh and Carroll scored on Brandon League 's wild pitch in the ninth	False
A day after his winning hit glanced off a gull in the outfield , Choo drove in three runs for the Indians to help rookie David Huff get his second big league win in Cleveland 's 7 - 3 win Friday night over the St. Louis Cardinals . Huff ( 2 - 2 ) , making his sixth major league start , gave up a leadoff homer to Albert Pujols in the fourth	True
A day after his winning hit glanced off a gull in the outfield , Choo drove in three runs for the Indians to help rookie David Huff get his second big league win in Cleveland 's 7 - 3 win Friday night over the St. Louis Cardinals . Huff ( 2 - 2 ) , making his sixth major league start , gave up a leadoff homer to Albert Pujols in the fourth and left with one out in the eighth	True
Choo 's winning single in the 10th inning against Kansas City Thursday night bounced into a group of gulls and struck one , preventing Royals center fielder Coco Crisp from attempting a throw to the plate . On Friday night , Choo hit an RBI single in the first	True
Choo 's winning single in the 10th inning against Kansas City Thursday night bounced into a group of gulls and struck one , preventing Royals center fielder Coco Crisp from attempting a throw to the plate . On Friday night , Choo hit an RBI single in the first and added a two - run single with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
On Friday night , Choo hit an RBI single in the first and added a two - run single with the bases loaded in the seventh . Ben Francisco had a run-scoring double in the fourth	True
Huff got his first career win in his last start on Sunday against the White Sox , allowing three runs in five innings . Pujols hit his 20th homer of the season into the left field bleachers on the first pitch of the fourth	True
Pujols hit his 20th homer of the season into the left field bleachers on the first pitch of the fourth . Choo 's two - run single came off left-hander Dennys Reyes . Travis Hafner also drew a bases-loaded walk in the seventh	True
Choo 's two - run single came off left-hander Dennys Reyes . Travis Hafner also drew a bases-loaded walk in the seventh . Run-scoring singles by Pujols and Ryan Ludwick in the eighth	False
Wakefield allowed three runs in the second inning , but shut down the Tigers after that . Three Boston relievers finished , with Jonathan Papelbon pitching the ninth	True
Dontrelle Willis ( 1 - 3 ) took a step back in his comeback from control problems , allowing five runs in 2 1/3 innings despite not giving up a hit . He walked five batters and hit another with a pitch . Detroit went ahead 3 - 0 in the second	True
Dontrelle Willis ( 1 - 3 ) took a step back in his comeback from control problems , allowing five runs in 2 1/3 innings despite not giving up a hit . He walked five batters and hit another with a pitch . Detroit went ahead 3 - 0 in the second , but lost Miguel Cabrera in the process . Cabrera hurt his left hamstring going from first	False
Dontrelle Willis ( 1 - 3 ) took a step back in his comeback from control problems , allowing five runs in 2 1/3 innings despite not giving up a hit . He walked five batters and hit another with a pitch . Detroit went ahead 3 - 0 in the second , but lost Miguel Cabrera in the process . Cabrera hurt his left hamstring going from first to second	False
Cabrera said after the game that he does n't think the injury is serious . Jeff Larish replaced Cabrera at first base in the third	True
Zach Miner replaced Willis and immediately gave up a two - run double to Jason Bay , putting the Red Sox up 4 - 3 . Mike Lowell 's groundout scored the fifth run , and Rocco Baldelli made it 6 - 3 with a single . The Tigers nearly scored in the sixth	True
Wang returned to the rotation and produced his best start of the season . Too bad for him , it was another stinker as his sinkers were either too high or too low . Texas tagged him for five runs and seven hits in 4 2 - 3 innings . Nelson Cruz chased him with a long home run -- the first	False
Wang said he felt OK and was excited to make this start . It was another game of home run derby at the new Yankee Stadium . Johnny Damon started it with a leadoff shot for New York , Cruz finished Wang in the fifth	True
It was another game of home run derby at the new Yankee Stadium . Johnny Damon started it with a leadoff shot for New York , Cruz finished Wang in the fifth with a long drive and Ian Kinsler 's solo homer for Texas in the sixth tied it at 6 . C. J. Wilson ( 3 - 3 ) relieved to begin the eighth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 3 - 3 ) relieved to begin the eighth and issued a leadoff walk to Robinson Cano . One out later , Cabrera launched a drive over left fielder David Murphy 's leap . Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) relieved with two outs and none on in the eighth	True
Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) relieved with two outs and none on in the eighth and retired Elvis Andrus on a fly ball , and Cabrera delivered in the bottom half . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	False
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . With runners at the corners , he struck out Cruz and retired Murphy on a popup to end it . Chris Davis doubled in the third	True
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . With runners at the corners , he struck out Cruz and retired Murphy on a popup to end it . Chris Davis doubled in the third and scored when Wang slipped and skipped a wild pitch several feet short of the plate . Davis had a two - run double in the fourth	False
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . With runners at the corners , he struck out Cruz and retired Murphy on a popup to end it . Chris Davis doubled in the third and scored when Wang slipped and skipped a wild pitch several feet short of the plate . Davis had a two - run double in the fourth and Cruz hit his 16th homer -- and ninth	False
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . With runners at the corners , he struck out Cruz and retired Murphy on a popup to end it . Chris Davis doubled in the third and scored when Wang slipped and skipped a wild pitch several feet short of the plate . Davis had a two - run double in the fourth and Cruz hit his 16th homer -- and ninth in 15 games -- for a 5 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Chris Davis doubled in the third and scored when Wang slipped and skipped a wild pitch several feet short of the plate . Davis had a two - run double in the fourth and Cruz hit his 16th homer -- and ninth in 15 games -- for a 5 - 1 lead in the fifth . After Damon homered , Texas ' Brandon McCarthy avoided further trouble until the fifth	True
Kubel injured his left knee chasing a fly ball at Chicago on May 21 and missed the next three games . Since he returned , he was 4 - for - 26 until hitting a single in the fourth inning Wednesday night . On Thursday , Kubel 's first homer capped a four - run first	True
Kubel injured his left knee chasing a fly ball at Chicago on May 21 and missed the next three games . Since he returned , he was 4 - for - 26 until hitting a single in the fourth inning Wednesday night . On Thursday , Kubel 's first homer capped a four - run first against Fausto Carmona . The cleanup batter followed an inning later with his second	False
On Thursday , Kubel 's first homer capped a four - run first against Fausto Carmona . The cleanup batter followed an inning later with his second to give Minnesota a 7 - 0 lead . It was his fourth career two - homer game and second	False
Meanwhile , Carmona ( 2 - 6 ) failed to reach the third inning for the second time in three starts . He 's allowed four or more runs in his last five starts , and has walked 24 batters in his last six . The bullpen sessions have offered a glimmer of hope for the right-hander who finished fourth	False
Cueto ( 5 - 3 ) allowed a run in 6 1/3 innings to beat the St. Louis Cardinals for the second time in less than a month , and Laynce Nix homered twice with four RBIs in a 9 - 3 victory on Wednesday night . Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse ( 4 - 4 ) was taken out with none out in the third inning complaining of tightness and pain in his right forearm . Lohse said cramping and a burning sensation , which forced him to miss a turn in the rotation , returned after he made a diving stop to glove Cueto 's bunt for a hit to start the third	True
He walked none for the third time and lowered his ERA to 2.43 , among the league leaders . Nix homered in the second	True
He walked none for the third time and lowered his ERA to 2.43 , among the league leaders . Nix homered in the second for the Reds ' first run and added a three - run shot , his sixth	False
He walked none for the third time and lowered his ERA to 2.43 , among the league leaders . Nix homered in the second for the Reds ' first run and added a three - run shot , his sixth of the season , off Chris Perez in the eighth	True
He walked none for the third time and lowered his ERA to 2.43 , among the league leaders . Nix homered in the second for the Reds ' first run and added a three - run shot , his sixth of the season , off Chris Perez in the eighth for a 7 - 1 cushion . He also made an outstanding leaping catch to rob Ryan Ludwick of extra bases and an RBI in the sixth	True
Nix homered in the second for the Reds ' first run and added a three - run shot , his sixth of the season , off Chris Perez in the eighth for a 7 - 1 cushion . He also made an outstanding leaping catch to rob Ryan Ludwick of extra bases and an RBI in the sixth . Phillips was 3 - for - 5 with his 10th homer in the ninth	False
Nix homered in the second for the Reds ' first run and added a three - run shot , his sixth of the season , off Chris Perez in the eighth for a 7 - 1 cushion . He also made an outstanding leaping catch to rob Ryan Ludwick of extra bases and an RBI in the sixth . Phillips was 3 - for - 5 with his 10th homer in the ninth , and stole second	False
Nix homered in the second for the Reds ' first run and added a three - run shot , his sixth of the season , off Chris Perez in the eighth for a 7 - 1 cushion . He also made an outstanding leaping catch to rob Ryan Ludwick of extra bases and an RBI in the sixth . Phillips was 3 - for - 5 with his 10th homer in the ninth , and stole second and third	False
Nix homered in the second for the Reds ' first run and added a three - run shot , his sixth of the season , off Chris Perez in the eighth for a 7 - 1 cushion . He also made an outstanding leaping catch to rob Ryan Ludwick of extra bases and an RBI in the sixth . Phillips was 3 - for - 5 with his 10th homer in the ninth , and stole second and third after his RBI single in the third	True
Phillips was 3 - for - 5 with his 10th homer in the ninth , and stole second and third after his RBI single in the third . Those were his first steals off strong-armed catcher Yadier Molina , although he said he was running off reliever Blaine Boyer . Cueto ended the Reds ' string of allowing a first-inning run in six straight games with the help of a leaping catch by Hairston at third	False
Phillips was 3 - for - 5 with his 10th homer in the ninth , and stole second and third after his RBI single in the third . Those were his first steals off strong-armed catcher Yadier Molina , although he said he was running off reliever Blaine Boyer . Cueto ended the Reds ' string of allowing a first-inning run in six straight games with the help of a leaping catch by Hairston at third to rob leadoff hitter Skip Schumaker . Before pinch hitter Colby Rasmus and Ryan hit back-to-back doubles with one out in the seventh	True
Cueto ended the Reds ' string of allowing a first-inning run in six straight games with the help of a leaping catch by Hairston at third to rob leadoff hitter Skip Schumaker . Before pinch hitter Colby Rasmus and Ryan hit back-to-back doubles with one out in the seventh , the Cardinals had only two runners in scoring position . Cueto 's leadoff bunt single , his third bunt hit of the year and fourth hit overall , ignited a two - run third	True
Holliday had four hits for the second time in his eight games with his new team , one of them foiling an intentional walk to Pujols , and scored the go-ahead run on Rick Ankiel 's eighth-inning single in a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night . Pinch-hitter Matt Kata 's RBI single put Houston ahead in the top of the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Matt Kata 's RBI single put Houston ahead in the top of the eighth , before the Cardinals rallied for two runs in the bottom half . Holliday 's RBI double off Alberto Arias ( 2 - 1 ) tied it . He advanced to third	False
Holliday 's RBI double off Alberto Arias ( 2 - 1 ) tied it . He advanced to third on a wild pitch and Ryan Ludwick was intentionally walked before Ankiel 's opposite-field hit helped the Cardinals win for the fourth time in five games . Pujols carried the offense the first half of the season . But he 's a quiet 12 for 53 ( .226 ) with only three RBIs in 14 games since hitting two homers in the first game after the break . He was 0 for 2 Friday , scoring the tying run in the eighth	True
Pujols carried the offense the first half of the season . But he 's a quiet 12 for 53 ( .226 ) with only three RBIs in 14 games since hitting two homers in the first game after the break . He was 0 for 2 Friday , scoring the tying run in the eighth after getting hit by a pitch . Trever Miller ( 3 - 0 ) froze Michael Bourn on a called third strike with two men on to end the eighth	True
Pujols carried the offense the first half of the season . But he 's a quiet 12 for 53 ( .226 ) with only three RBIs in 14 games since hitting two homers in the first game after the break . He was 0 for 2 Friday , scoring the tying run in the eighth after getting hit by a pitch . Trever Miller ( 3 - 0 ) froze Michael Bourn on a called third strike with two men on to end the eighth and Ryan Franklin worked around a leadoff single by Kaz Matsui in the ninth	False
Trever Miller ( 3 - 0 ) froze Michael Bourn on a called third strike with two men on to end the eighth and Ryan Franklin worked around a leadoff single by Kaz Matsui in the ninth for his 24th save in 26 chances . Holliday was 4 for 4 and had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Holliday is a .439 career hitter at 4-year-old Busch Stadium with six homers and 12 RBIs . The Astros got three straight singles off Brad Thompson with two outs in the eighth	True
The Astros got three straight singles off Brad Thompson with two outs in the eighth , and Kata 's third pinch-hit in his last seven at-bats put them ahead 3 - 2 . Mark DeRosa 's 20th homer , and seventh	True
The Astros got three straight singles off Brad Thompson with two outs in the eighth , and Kata 's third pinch-hit in his last seven at-bats put them ahead 3 - 2 . Mark DeRosa 's 20th homer , and seventh in 11 games , tied it at 2 against Brian Moehler in the seventh	True
The Astros got three straight singles off Brad Thompson with two outs in the eighth , and Kata 's third pinch-hit in his last seven at-bats put them ahead 3 - 2 . Mark DeRosa 's 20th homer , and seventh in 11 games , tied it at 2 against Brian Moehler in the seventh . The Cardinals missed a chance to take the lead when Bourn , the center fielder , threw out Jason LaRue trying to score from second	False
The left-hander has 2.67 ERA in 33 2/3 innings at home , compared to a road ERA of 8.20 over 26 1/3 innings . Pena 's homer was his 26th this season , but just the third	False
Alberto Callaspo extended his hitting streak to 13 games for Kansas City , which has lost 14 of 17 . The Royals are 0 - 7 against Tampa Bay this season . Pena put the Rays up 3 - 0 on an opposite-field shot off the left-field pole in the first	True
Pena 's two - out homer came off Sidney Ponson ( 1 - 7 ) , who allowed seven runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings . Callaspo singled during the second	True
Callaspo singled during the second and later scored on Alex Gordon 's grounder to get the Royals within 3 - 1 . Jason Bartlett made it 4 - 1 on a fourth-inning RBI double . The Rays extended their advantage to 7 - 1 in the fifth	True
Jason Bartlett made it 4 - 1 on a fourth-inning RBI double . The Rays extended their advantage to 7 - 1 in the fifth when Ben Zobrist drove in a run with a triple , and Pat Burrell and Gabe Gross had RBI singles . Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Jason Bartlett made it 4 - 1 on a fourth-inning RBI double . The Rays extended their advantage to 7 - 1 in the fifth when Ben Zobrist drove in a run with a triple , and Pat Burrell and Gabe Gross had RBI singles . Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth . Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth	False
Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth . Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth for the Royals . Zobrist hit into a strange double play to end the third	True
Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth . Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth for the Royals . Zobrist hit into a strange double play to end the third . With runners on first	False
Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth . Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth for the Royals . Zobrist hit into a strange double play to end the third . With runners on first and third	False
Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth . Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth for the Royals . Zobrist hit into a strange double play to end the third . With runners on first and third , Zobrist hit a liner that struck Ponson on the left arm and shoulder and was caught for an out by second baseman Callaspo , who then made a throw that first baseman Billy Butler could n't handle that allowed Evan Longoria to return safely to first	False
Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth . Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth for the Royals . Zobrist hit into a strange double play to end the third . With runners on first and third , Zobrist hit a liner that struck Ponson on the left arm and shoulder and was caught for an out by second baseman Callaspo , who then made a throw that first baseman Billy Butler could n't handle that allowed Evan Longoria to return safely to first . Butler later threw to Gordon at third	False
Tampa Bay 's Dioner Navarro added a solo homer in the eighth . Brayan Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth for the Royals . Zobrist hit into a strange double play to end the third . With runners on first and third , Zobrist hit a liner that struck Ponson on the left arm and shoulder and was caught for an out by second baseman Callaspo , who then made a throw that first baseman Billy Butler could n't handle that allowed Evan Longoria to return safely to first . Butler later threw to Gordon at third , who easily beat Carl Crawford to third base for the second	False
ST. LOUIS -- For three games , the Los Angeles Dodgers piled up hits and had nothing to show for it . To end a season-worst four - game losing streak , they made a few count . Matt Kemp and Casey Blake combined for seven hits and Kemp 's two - run single in the 10th	True
Matt Kemp and Casey Blake combined for seven hits and Kemp 's two - run single in the 10th was the difference in the Dodgers ' 5 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Thursday night . Blake had four hits and is 7 - for - 10 the last two games for Los Angeles , which avoided a four - game sweep and has not been swept all season . The Dodgers lead the NL in hitting and are second	False
Blake had four hits and is 7 - for - 10 the last two games for Los Angeles , which avoided a four - game sweep and has not been swept all season . The Dodgers lead the NL in hitting and are second in scoring with an average of nearly five runs . They finally got rolling after totaling three runs on 33 hits the first three games . The Dodgers were 4 - for - 11 with runners in scoring position after going 4 - for - 25 the first three games . James McDonald ( 3 - 2 ) worked a perfect ninth	True
Andre Ethier walked with one out against Dennys Reyes ( 0 - 2 ) , Blake singled and the runners advanced on a wild pitch . With two outs , Kemp lined a single off Todd Wellemeyer , moved to the bullpen after his last start and making only his second relief appearance of the season . Consecutive intentional walks to Pujols and Holliday helped the Dodgers escape trouble in the eighth	True
Consecutive intentional walks to Pujols and Holliday helped the Dodgers escape trouble in the eighth . The Cardinals left the bases loaded when Hong-Chih Kuo struck out Rick Ankiel on three pitches . Four straight Dodgers reached against Kyle McClellan with one out in the seventh	True
Consecutive intentional walks to Pujols and Holliday helped the Dodgers escape trouble in the eighth . The Cardinals left the bases loaded when Hong-Chih Kuo struck out Rick Ankiel on three pitches . Four straight Dodgers reached against Kyle McClellan with one out in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Juan Pierre had an infield hit and scored from first	False
Four straight Dodgers reached against Kyle McClellan with one out in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Juan Pierre had an infield hit and scored from first on Rafael Furcal 's two - run double that put Los Angeles ahead 3 - 2 . Ankiel homered leading off the eighth	False
The Rangers ' problems started when Granderson homered on the third pitch of the game from Scott Feldman ( 9 - 4 ) . It was his 20th career leadoff home run . After escaping a bases-loaded jam later in the first	True
The Rangers ' problems started when Granderson homered on the third pitch of the game from Scott Feldman ( 9 - 4 ) . It was his 20th career leadoff home run . After escaping a bases-loaded jam later in the first , Feldman was touched up again by Granderson and the Tigers in the second	True
After escaping a bases-loaded jam later in the first , Feldman was touched up again by Granderson and the Tigers in the second . Granderson 's two - run homer and Carlos Guillen 's RBI single gave Detroit a 4 - 0 lead . Ryan Raburn had an RBI single in the third	True
Andruw Jones homered twice and Michael Young had a two - run double for Texas , which lost for the only the second time in 10 games . The Rangers scored three runs in the fifth	True
Andruw Jones homered twice and Michael Young had a two - run double for Texas , which lost for the only the second time in 10 games . The Rangers scored three runs in the fifth to come within 8 - 4 and had runners on second	False
Andruw Jones homered twice and Michael Young had a two - run double for Texas , which lost for the only the second time in 10 games . The Rangers scored three runs in the fifth to come within 8 - 4 and had runners on second and third	False
`` Thanks , Skip , '' Griffey told Wakamatsu , as Ichiro Suzuki and Mike Sweeney celebrated the coup . Hobbled by a knee that 's been surgically repaired and drained since October , Griffey golfed the first pitch he saw from Halladay into the right-field corner in the seventh	True
It also made Halladay a loser for the third time in four decisions . Ryan Rowland-Smith carried a no-hitter into the seventh	True
Rowland-Smith ( 1 - 1 ) angrily stomped and yelled at himself as Lind rounded the bases for the 21st time this season . Yet the Australian left-hander , delayed this season by an elbow injury and an ineffective , extended rehabilitation stint at Triple-A , rebounded to allow just three hits and the two runs in seven innings for his first win since Sept. 27 . David Aardsma walked Hill to begin the ninth	True
Ex-Tiger Jason Grilli ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two perfect innings of relief with three strikeouts to pick up the decision . Normally a long reliever , Mathis made his second start of the season and sixth	True
Normally a long reliever , Mathis made his second start of the season and sixth of his career for Texas in place of Vicente Padilla , still weak from swine flu and scratched from the start about 3 hours prior to gametime . Mathis allowed three runs and six hits in four innings . Grilli , Eddie Guardado , Darren O'Day and Guillermo Moscoso went the rest of the way , with Texas retiring 15 straight from the fourth	True
Normally a long reliever , Mathis made his second start of the season and sixth of his career for Texas in place of Vicente Padilla , still weak from swine flu and scratched from the start about 3 hours prior to gametime . Mathis allowed three runs and six hits in four innings . Grilli , Eddie Guardado , Darren O'Day and Guillermo Moscoso went the rest of the way , with Texas retiring 15 straight from the fourth through the eighth	True
Ian Kinsler drove in three runs , and rookie Elvis Andrus homered and had three hits for the Rangers . Kinsler , who was in a huge funk at the plate that shrunk his batting average from .272 to .242. , highlighted a four - run second	True
Kinsler , who was in a huge funk at the plate that shrunk his batting average from .272 to .242. , highlighted a four - run second with a two - run triple . Kinsler began the night with 16 hits in his previous 103 at-bats . Kinsler left the game before the seventh	True
Mathis had been tough out of the bullpen , pitching 17 scoreless innings in relief since he was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on June 3 . But Detroit ended Mathis ' consecutive scoreless innings streak at 18 with a three - run second	True
But Detroit ended Mathis ' consecutive scoreless innings streak at 18 with a three - run second on Ramon Santiago 's RBI double and Dusty Ryan 's two - run single . Texas answered with a four - run second	True
Texas answered with a four - run second off rookie Luke French -- all with two out -- on Andrus ' run-scoring single , Kinsler 's two - run triple and Michael Young 's RBI double . Kinsler 's sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Kinsler 's sacrifice fly in the fourth and slumping Josh Hamilton 's RBI single in the fifth ended an 0 - for - 17 slide to make it 6 - 3 . Leyland continues to be mystified by his team 's lack of offense . Detroit 's team batting average of .255 is tied for 11th	False
Lincecum looked like his old self , pitching a four - hitter and bouncing back from a rough outing with a career-high 15 strikeouts in the San Francisco Giants ' 4 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Monday night . The reigning NL Cy Young Award winner provided the Giants with a much-needed boost on the heels of a disappointing 3 - 7 road trip that saw them lose their wild-card lead . The hard-throwing right-hander earned his fourth complete game this season and sixth	False
Nippert allowed one hit in a stellar job of relief pitching , and Texas scored seven times off the Kansas City bullpen in a 7 - 2 victory over the Royals on Sunday . The unheralded Nippert was forced into action when starter Kevin Millwood left after two innings with tightness in his left gluteus . He gave up a run in the seventh	True
Nippert retired the first 11 batters he faced , mixing speeds with an effective changeup . The game was scoreless until the seventh	True
The game was scoreless until the seventh , when Royals second baseman Alberto Callaspo dropped Ian Kinsler 's pop up with two outs , allowing Nelson Cruz to score . Michael Young and Marlon Byrd contributed run-producing singles after that . Millwood threw one warmup pitch in the third	True
The game was scoreless until the seventh , when Royals second baseman Alberto Callaspo dropped Ian Kinsler 's pop up with two outs , allowing Nelson Cruz to score . Michael Young and Marlon Byrd contributed run-producing singles after that . Millwood threw one warmup pitch in the third and was replaced by Nippert . He said it the injury happened on the last pitch to John Buck in the second inning and bothered him throughout Alex Gordon 's bat to end the second	True
Millwood threw one warmup pitch in the third and was replaced by Nippert . He said it the injury happened on the last pitch to John Buck in the second inning and bothered him throughout Alex Gordon 's bat to end the second . Ron Mahay ( 1 - 1 ) , the first	False
Ponson was pulled after 102 pitches , only 57 for strikes . The Rangers led 3 - 1 going into the eighth	True
In his past four outings , Cruz has allowed 10 hits and 12 runs , 11 earned , in 1 2/3 innings . Miguel Olivo 's two - out single in the second	True
Let his defense go to work . The Giants rolled into 16 groundouts , including a double play in the fourth	True
For that Cook can thank his diving sinker . It helped him work out of trouble in the fourth	True
For that Cook can thank his diving sinker . It helped him work out of trouble in the fourth after Pablo Sandoval and Ishikawa led off with singles . Cook enticed Edgar Renteria into a 4 - 6 - 6 double play . Then Clint Barmes helped Cook out by diving for John Bowker 's grounder between first	False
For that Cook can thank his diving sinker . It helped him work out of trouble in the fourth after Pablo Sandoval and Ishikawa led off with singles . Cook enticed Edgar Renteria into a 4 - 6 - 6 double play . Then Clint Barmes helped Cook out by diving for John Bowker 's grounder between first and second	False
Ryan Sadowski ( 2 - 3 ) turned in his shortest stint this season , leaving after just 2 2/3 innings as he gave up three runs and five hits . The right-handed rookie was pulled in the third	True
Matt Thornton struck out pinch-hitter Ryan Raburn , then walked Thomas on a 3 - 2 pitch . Brandon Lyon ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect inning for the win and Fernando Rodney worked the ninth	True
Jim Thome and Jermaine Dye hit home runs for the White Sox . Thome gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead when he hit his 17th homer leading off the second	True
Thome gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead when he hit his 17th homer leading off the second . Thome drove Eddie Bonine 's first pitch deep into the left-center stands , an estimated 428 feet . Guillen tied it with his one - out shot in the second	True
Guillen tied it with his one - out shot in the second . He sent Bartolo Colon 's 3 - 1 delivery deep into the right-field seats for his first home run of the season . Dye put the White Sox ahead 3 - 1 with a two out , two - run homer in the third	True
Dye put the White Sox ahead 3 - 1 with a two out , two - run homer in the third . It came on a 3 - 2 pitch for his 22nd home run . Detroit tied it at 3 with two in the fifth	False
Colon gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings . In the opener , Verlander ( 11 - 5 ) got out of a bases-loaded , none - out jam in the ninth	True
In the opener , Verlander ( 11 - 5 ) got out of a bases-loaded , none - out jam in the ninth to finish his sixth career complete game . He allowed only an unearned run and beat Jose Contreras ( 4 - 9 ) . Verlander yielded three hits through eight innings , but the first three batters of the ninth	True
Verlander was twice clocked at 100 mph during Wise 's at-bat , the last coming on his 125th pitch . Verlander struggled with his control early , walking four batters in the first five innings . But he did n't allow a hit after the fourth	True
Verlander was twice clocked at 100 mph during Wise 's at-bat , the last coming on his 125th pitch . Verlander struggled with his control early , walking four batters in the first five innings . But he did n't allow a hit after the fourth until the ninth	True
Ozzie Guillen did n't think his team had a letdown after Buehrle 's perfect game . Detroit went up 4 - 1 in the seventh	True
Ozzie Guillen did n't think his team had a letdown after Buehrle 's perfect game . Detroit went up 4 - 1 in the seventh on RBI singles by Adam Everett and Polanco . The Tigers scored their final run on Laird 's suicide squeeze in the eighth	True
Kemp drove a 3 - 2 slider from LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 4 ) into the left-field pavilion for his 12th homer , capping a big day at the plate . He finished with three hits and tied a career high by scoring four runs . Ramon Troncoso ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Kemp drove a 3 - 2 slider from LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 4 ) into the left-field pavilion for his 12th homer , capping a big day at the plate . He finished with three hits and tied a career high by scoring four runs . Ramon Troncoso ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth to extend his streak to 16 innings without allowing an earned run . Jonathan Broxton did likewise in the ninth	True
Ramon Troncoso ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth to extend his streak to 16 innings without allowing an earned run . Jonathan Broxton did likewise in the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 attempts as Los Angeles improved baseball 's best record to 58 - 34 . Astros rookie reliever Alberto Arias , who came in with a scoreless streak of 21 1/3 innings , committed two costly errors that led to the tying run in the seventh	True
Astros rookie reliever Alberto Arias , who came in with a scoreless streak of 21 1/3 innings , committed two costly errors that led to the tying run in the seventh after he inherited a 3 - 2 lead from starter Russ Ortiz . Arias would have had three errors in the inning had first baseman Chris Coste not scooped the right-hander 's low throw out of the dirt on a sacrifice bunt by Ausmus . Blake DeWitt followed with a grounder to first	False
Astros rookie reliever Alberto Arias , who came in with a scoreless streak of 21 1/3 innings , committed two costly errors that led to the tying run in the seventh after he inherited a 3 - 2 lead from starter Russ Ortiz . Arias would have had three errors in the inning had first baseman Chris Coste not scooped the right-hander 's low throw out of the dirt on a sacrifice bunt by Ausmus . Blake DeWitt followed with a grounder to first and Coste flipped to Arias , who dropped the ball at the bag as Kemp went to third	False
Dodgers starter Hiroki Kuroda gave up three runs and seven hits over five innings . The Astros grabbed a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Astros grabbed a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Michael Bourn led off with a double , Carlos Lee drove him in with a two - out single and Geoff Blum sent a 2 - 0 pitch to right for his third homer . The Dodgers got one back in the bottom half with a double by Ausmus after Kemp drew a leadoff walk and stole second	False
The Astros grabbed a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Michael Bourn led off with a double , Carlos Lee drove him in with a two - out single and Geoff Blum sent a 2 - 0 pitch to right for his third homer . The Dodgers got one back in the bottom half with a double by Ausmus after Kemp drew a leadoff walk and stole second . Kemp 's stolen base was his 20th this season , but only his second	False
Suzuki had three hits , scored twice and made a game-saving catch to help the Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians for the third straight game , 5 - 3 Sunday . With one runner on and two outs in the ninth	True
With one runner on and two outs in the ninth , a leaping Suzuki caught Victor Martinez 's bid for a game-tying , two - run homer . Replays were inconclusive as to whether it would have been a homer or extra-base hit off the yellow line atop the right-field wall , but the catch did give David Aardsma his 22nd save in 24 chances . Suzuki went 3 for 4 with a walk , raising his average to .363 . He opened the day second	False
The nine - time All-Star also became the ninth player since 1901 with 20 or more steals in each of his first nine seasons , including such Hall of Famers as Rickey Henderson , Ozzie Smith and Luis Aparicio . Shawn Kelley ( 2 - 1 ) struck out two over one scoreless inning for the win -- Seattle 's sixth	False
The Indians , who won the opener of the four - game series but have lost 21 of 28 , struck out 12 times to put their season total at 709 . They became the third team , following Texas and Tampa Bay to fan 700 times this season . The Mariners broke a 3-all tie on pinch-hitter Jack Hannahan 's sacrifice fly off Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 2 ) in the eighth inning . Suzuki singled to open the ninth	True
Mariners manager Dan Wakamatsu intended on giving Branyan a day off . The first baseman , battling some tightness in his back , told Wakamatsu he wanted to play , so Ken Griffey , Jr. , got the day off instead to rest an aching knee . Ben Francisco snapped an 0 for 12 streak with a two - run homer off Seattle starter Erik Bedard in the second	True
Ben Francisco snapped an 0 for 12 streak with a two - run homer off Seattle starter Erik Bedard in the second that got Cleveland to 3 - 2 . The Indians tied it in the fifth	True
Ben Francisco snapped an 0 for 12 streak with a two - run homer off Seattle starter Erik Bedard in the second that got Cleveland to 3 - 2 . The Indians tied it in the fifth with an unearned run . Grady Sizemore scored from second	False
ATLANTA -- Second-half success is nothing new for Johan Santana . Beating the Atlanta Braves ? Now that was a career first	False
The Mets began the day 8 1/2 games back of NL East-leading Philadelphia , their largest deficit since they were nine games out after play on Sept. 29 , 2005 , according to STATS LLC . The Mets scored two runs in the sixth	True
It 's only the seventh time in the last 23 games that the Mets have scored more than four runs . Chipper Jones hit his 10th homer in the eighth	True
Chipper Jones hit his 10th homer in the eighth off Pedro Feliciano . The Mets led only 2 - 1 before scoring three runs in the ninth	True
Chipper Jones hit his 10th homer in the eighth off Pedro Feliciano . The Mets led only 2 - 1 before scoring three runs in the ninth off Manny Acosta . Angel Pagan had three hits , including a run-scoring triple in the ninth	True
He was 8 - 0 with a 2.17 ERA in 15 second-half starts in 2008 . Santana gave up a first-inning double to Martin Prado and a second-inning single to Casey Kotchman and then did n't give up another hit until the Braves loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Santana has thrown 15 straight scoreless innings , lowering his ERA ( 2.92 ) under 3.00 for the first time since he gave up nine runs to the Yankees on June 14 . The Braves issued intentional walks to David Wright in the first	True
Santana has thrown 15 straight scoreless innings , lowering his ERA ( 2.92 ) under 3.00 for the first time since he gave up nine runs to the Yankees on June 14 . The Braves issued intentional walks to David Wright in the first , sixth	True
Santana has thrown 15 straight scoreless innings , lowering his ERA ( 2.92 ) under 3.00 for the first time since he gave up nine runs to the Yankees on June 14 . The Braves issued intentional walks to David Wright in the first , sixth and ninth innings , each time putting runners on first	False
Santana has thrown 15 straight scoreless innings , lowering his ERA ( 2.92 ) under 3.00 for the first time since he gave up nine runs to the Yankees on June 14 . The Braves issued intentional walks to David Wright in the first , sixth and ninth innings , each time putting runners on first and second	False
The Braves issued intentional walks to David Wright in the first , sixth and ninth innings , each time putting runners on first and second for former Braves outfielder Jeff Francoeur . In the first	True
The Braves issued intentional walks to David Wright in the first , sixth and ninth innings , each time putting runners on first and second for former Braves outfielder Jeff Francoeur . In the first , Francoeur grounded out to shortstop Yunel Escobar to end the inning , but the strategy backfired on the Braves in the sixth	True
In the first , Francoeur grounded out to shortstop Yunel Escobar to end the inning , but the strategy backfired on the Braves in the sixth and ninth innings . In the sixth	True
In the sixth , Francoeur 's infield single loaded the bases with one out . Kawakami walked Reed to force in Luis Castillo , who led off the inning with a single . Omir Santos drove in Wright with a grounder that forced out Reed at second base , giving the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Mets scored their first two runs in the ninth	True
In the sixth , Francoeur 's infield single loaded the bases with one out . Kawakami walked Reed to force in Luis Castillo , who led off the inning with a single . Omir Santos drove in Wright with a grounder that forced out Reed at second base , giving the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Mets scored their first two runs in the ninth on Pagan 's run-scoring triple and Castillo 's suicide squeeze bunt . Acosta walked Daniel Murphy , who stole second	False
The Mets scored their first two runs in the ninth on Pagan 's run-scoring triple and Castillo 's suicide squeeze bunt . Acosta walked Daniel Murphy , who stole second , setting up the third intentional walk of the game to Wright . Francoeur 's single up the middle drove in Murphy . The sixth-inning runs were the first	False
Arroyo gave his second straight scoreless performance , using his array of pitches and his power of persuasion for seven innings , and the Cincinnati Reds took advantage of Edwin Encarnacion 's four hits to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 0 on Friday night . Arroyo ( 10 - 8 ) was coming off his best showing of the season , a four - hitter for a 3 - 0 win over the Mets on Saturday . The right-hander kept his scoreless streak going by giving up only five hits . He was also a good lobbyist , talking manager Dusty Baker into letting him stay in the game with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Arroyo ( 10 - 8 ) was coming off his best showing of the season , a four - hitter for a 3 - 0 win over the Mets on Saturday . The right-hander kept his scoreless streak going by giving up only five hits . He was also a good lobbyist , talking manager Dusty Baker into letting him stay in the game with the bases loaded in the seventh . Their on-the-mound chat came after Mike Cameron walked to load the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Baker asked a few questions , Arroyo answered and the manager nodded his head and headed back to the dugout , drawing a cheer from the crowd of 25,687 . Arroyo immediately made his manager look good , with the help of a disputed interference call . All-Star Ryan Braun hit Arroyo 's first pitch on the ground to Encarnacion at third	False
Baker asked a few questions , Arroyo answered and the manager nodded his head and headed back to the dugout , drawing a cheer from the crowd of 25,687 . Arroyo immediately made his manager look good , with the help of a disputed interference call . All-Star Ryan Braun hit Arroyo 's first pitch on the ground to Encarnacion at third . He threw to Brandon Phillips at second	False
The Reds took control with three unearned runs off Jeff Suppan ( 5 - 7 ) , who has n't won in more than month . Cameron let Encarnacion 's single to center skip through his legs in the fourth inning , allowing Laynce Nix to score from first base . Shortstop J. J. Hardy bounced his throw to first base on Willy Taveras ' routine grounder in the fifth	True
Lee ( 5 - 9 ) had n't won since a three - hit shutout against St. Louis on June 14 , when he took a no-hitter into the eighth inning . He had lost three straight starts , thanks mostly to a lack of run support . The Indians have scored three runs or less in 11 of Lee 's 20 starts . Lee allowed nine hits , including Ronny Cedeno 's solo homer in the fifth inning . He also struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Even after Kenji Johjima singled with two out in the ninth	True
Grady Sizemore , batting leadoff for the first time since May 16 , had two hits and drove in a run . He also banged into the center field wall after catching Cedeno 's fly ball in the third inning . Besides Sizemore 's catch , Lee was also helped by a dazzling double play in the seventh	True
Grady Sizemore , batting leadoff for the first time since May 16 , had two hits and drove in a run . He also banged into the center field wall after catching Cedeno 's fly ball in the third inning . Besides Sizemore 's catch , Lee was also helped by a dazzling double play in the seventh . Shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera fielded Cedeno 's ground ball in front of second base and made a behind-the-back flip to Jamey Carroll , who threw to first	False
Ichiro Suzuki extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a third-inning single , but it was a sloppy first game after the All-Star break for the Mariners . First baseman Russell Branyan committed two errors while pitcher Chris Jakubauskas and Woodward , the third baseman , had one each . Sizemore singled to lead off the first	True
Sizemore singled to lead off the first and scored on Cabrera 's double . Sizemore , who was on the disabled list for three weeks with a sore elbow , has been batting in the second spot . An error by Branyan helped the Indians in the second	True
Sizemore singled to lead off the first and scored on Cabrera 's double . Sizemore , who was on the disabled list for three weeks with a sore elbow , has been batting in the second spot . An error by Branyan helped the Indians in the second . Woodward fielded Ben Francisco 's ground ball , but Branyan failed to catch the ball because the sun that was setting on the other side of the field got in his eyes . Francisco was awarded second	False
An error by Branyan helped the Indians in the second . Woodward fielded Ben Francisco 's ground ball , but Branyan failed to catch the ball because the sun that was setting on the other side of the field got in his eyes . Francisco was awarded second when the ball went into the stands . Branyan went to the dugout for a pair of sunglasses . Carroll 's double scored Francisco . Sizmore 's bloop single to right made it 3 - 0 . Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the fifth	True
Garza allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings as Tampa Bay 's nine - game home winning streak ended . Mark Ellis had a sacrifice fly and Orlando Cabrera drove in two with a double in the eighth	True
Mark Ellis had a sacrifice fly and Orlando Cabrera drove in two with a double in the eighth that extended the Athletics ' advantage to 7 - 2 . Oakland won for just fifth time in 16 games . Gabe Kapler gave Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead on an RBI single in the second	True
Gabe Kapler gave Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead on an RBI single in the second . Ben Zobrist made it 2 - 0 with a sixth-inning run-scoring single . Davis replaced right fielder Ryan Sweeney in third	False
Davis replaced right fielder Ryan Sweeney in third . Oakland loaded the bases with two outs in the first	True
Oakland loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but failed to score when Garza retired Kurt Suzuki for his third strikeout of the inning . The right-hander struck out seven and walked one . Athletics first baseman Jason Giambi left in the fifth	True
Oakland loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but failed to score when Garza retired Kurt Suzuki for his third strikeout of the inning . The right-hander struck out seven and walked one . Athletics first baseman Jason Giambi left in the fifth with a bruised right elbow , and is day to day . He was hit on the elbow by a pitch during the second	True
Athletics first baseman Jason Giambi left in the fifth with a bruised right elbow , and is day to day . He was hit on the elbow by a pitch during the second . Tampa Bay catcher Dioner Navarro departed in the seventh	True
Navarro was scheduled to undergo tests at a hospital to see if he has a concussion . Maddon was ejected in the ninth	True
Oakland right-hander Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits over five innings in losing his fifth straight decision . The Athletics ( 35 - 49 ) have lost 11 of 15 to drop a season-high 14 games under .500 . Struggling Oakland first baseman Jason Giambi , dropped to seventh	True
Struggling Oakland first baseman Jason Giambi , dropped to seventh in the lineup , struck out twice and went 0 for 3 with a walk . He is hitting .193 . The Rays took advantage of two Oakland defensive lapses to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Struggling Oakland first baseman Jason Giambi , dropped to seventh in the lineup , struck out twice and went 0 for 3 with a walk . He is hitting .193 . The Rays took advantage of two Oakland defensive lapses to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first . One pitch after Giambi and Mazzaro failed to catch a foul ball , B. J. Upton doubled . Upton went to third	False
The Rays took advantage of two Oakland defensive lapses to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first . One pitch after Giambi and Mazzaro failed to catch a foul ball , B. J. Upton doubled . Upton went to third when shortstop Orlando Cabrera was charged with an error for missing Mazzaro 's pickoff attempt , and later scored on Carl Crawford 's grounder . Pena made it 2 - 0 with a solo home run in the fourth	True
Pena made it 2 - 0 with a solo home run in the fourth . It was his first homer since June 27 . Ben Zobrist walked with the bases loaded to put the Rays up 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Ben Zobrist walked with the bases loaded to put the Rays up 3 - 0 in the fifth . Tampa Bay took a 4 - 0 lead one inning later when Dioner Navarro was hit by pitch and later scored on a wild pitch by Santiago Casilla . Longoria snapped an 18-game homerless stretch with his 17th this season , and Pat Burrell hit an RBI double in the seventh	True
DENVER -- Waiting out Jorge De La Rosa 's early season struggles has allowed the young Rockies left-hander to play a central role in Colorado 's midseason surge . De La Rosa pitched effectively into the seventh inning to earn his career-best fourth straight win , Ryan Spilborghs hit a bases-loaded triple to key a four - run fifth	True
Aaron Hill homered and drove in three runs for Toronto , and Marco Scutaro and Adam Lind each had a pair of RBIs . It just was n't enough after Aceves took the mound . The Yankees opened a 4 - 0 lead after the first two innings before Toronto scored three times in the third	True
Aaron Hill homered and drove in three runs for Toronto , and Marco Scutaro and Adam Lind each had a pair of RBIs . It just was n't enough after Aceves took the mound . The Yankees opened a 4 - 0 lead after the first two innings before Toronto scored three times in the third and put together its big fourth	True
Teixeira walked and Posada singled before Matsui hit his 13th homer , slicing the lead to 8 - 7 and joining Ichiro Suzuki as the only Japanese-born players to score 500 runs . New York pushed ahead in the fifth	True
The Cubs had won three in a row after going 11 - 14 in June , but this was simply a brutal afternoon all around -- especially for Harden and Alfonso Soriano . Harden ( 5 - 5 ) allowed seven runs and eight hits over two - plus innings in the shortest start of his career . Soriano , meanwhile , got booed for his flubs in the field and at the plate after being dropped from the leadoff spot to sixth	False
And the Brewers simply pounded away . Shut out twice in the previous six games , they scored five in the first	True
Shut out twice in the previous six games , they scored five in the first while sending nine batters to the plate . Cameron followed McGehee 's two - run bases-loaded single with a three - run homer . Hardy hit a solo shot in the second	True
Shut out twice in the previous six games , they scored five in the first while sending nine batters to the plate . Cameron followed McGehee 's two - run bases-loaded single with a three - run homer . Hardy hit a solo shot in the second , and after McGehee led off the third	True
Hardy hit a solo shot in the second , and after McGehee led off the third with his first career triple , Cameron chased Harden with a line-drive double to left that sailed over Soriano 's head after he initially broke in , drawing more boos . Besides that mistake , Soriano went 0 for 4 after being dropped from first	False
Hardy hit a solo shot in the second , and after McGehee led off the third with his first career triple , Cameron chased Harden with a line-drive double to left that sailed over Soriano 's head after he initially broke in , drawing more boos . Besides that mistake , Soriano went 0 for 4 after being dropped from first to sixth	False
Besides that mistake , Soriano went 0 for 4 after being dropped from first to sixth in the order and is now hitless in his last 16 at-bats . His groundout with the bases loaded to end the first set the tone , and the boos continued throughout the game . The Cubs also loaded the bases in the second	True
Besides that mistake , Soriano went 0 for 4 after being dropped from first to sixth in the order and is now hitless in his last 16 at-bats . His groundout with the bases loaded to end the first set the tone , and the boos continued throughout the game . The Cubs also loaded the bases in the second , but did not score until Milton Bradley hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Manager Lou Piniella wants Soriano to narrow his stance and `` get a little weight on his backside so he can sit on [ the pitch ] a little longer . '' He 's also going to stick with this lineup for now , with Kosuke Fukudome leading off , and hope Soriano breaks out of his two - month slump . He held out Soriano on Wednesday and Thursday while Sam Fuld batted first	False
Posada also homered in his first game back after missing New York 's 4 - 2 win over the Blue Jays on Friday with a sore left thumb . He admitted to being partly relieved when the long day was over . With one out and runners on first	False
Posada also homered in his first game back after missing New York 's 4 - 2 win over the Blue Jays on Friday with a sore left thumb . He admitted to being partly relieved when the long day was over . With one out and runners on first and second	False
New York has won nine of 10 to move a season-best 14 games above .500 and pull within a game of AL East-leading Boston , which lost 3 - 2 to Seattle . Brett Tomko ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Adam Lind hit a two - run homer and Alex Rios had three RBIs for Toronto , which has lost six of seven . Scott Rolen doubled in the fourth	True
New York improved to 25 - 15 at the new Yankee Stadium , where 135 homers have been hit already this season . The Yankees will reach the halfway point of their home slate on Sunday afternoon against the Blue Jays . The Yankees led Roy Halladay and Toronto 3 - 2 before the Blue Jays rallied in the sixth	True
Toronto 's three - run inning put Halladay in position to become the majors ' first 11-game winner but the right-hander never looked comfortable in his first start at New York 's cozy new ballpark . Derek Jeter hit a leadoff single in the seventh	True
Burnett scattered six hits over seven innings to win for the third time in four starts , and the Yankees opened the long holiday weekend with a 4 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday . Robinson Cano homered leading off the second	True
Burnett scattered six hits over seven innings to win for the third time in four starts , and the Yankees opened the long holiday weekend with a 4 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday . Robinson Cano homered leading off the second and Alex Rodriguez starting the eighth	True
Since the loss at Boston , he 's allowed three earned runs in 27 1/3 innings ( 0.99 ERA ) . Phil Coke and Phil Hughes split the eighth	True
Since the loss at Boston , he 's allowed three earned runs in 27 1/3 innings ( 0.99 ERA ) . Phil Coke and Phil Hughes split the eighth , with Hughes retiring Vernon Wells on an inning-ending grounder with a runner on second	False
Since he 's been shifted from the rotation to the bullpen in early June , Hughes has gained 3 - 4 mph on his fastball to 95 - 96 . Rivera struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Rivera struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 22 chances , No . 503 of his career . Outside of Rivera , the pecking order has been uncertain . Brian Tallet ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- six hits and four walks in six innings as Toronto lost for the fifth time in six games . He walked Brett Gardner and Derek Jeter starting the fifth	True
Tallet walked Mark Teixeira on four pitches , forcing in a run and putting the Yankees ahead 2 - 1 . Another run scored on a passed ball by Raul Chavez , who appeared to get crossed up on the first pitch to Cano . Alex Rios had a tying single in the fourth	True
Tallet walked Mark Teixeira on four pitches , forcing in a run and putting the Yankees ahead 2 - 1 . Another run scored on a passed ball by Raul Chavez , who appeared to get crossed up on the first pitch to Cano . Alex Rios had a tying single in the fourth . Wells , dropped to No . 6 in the starting batting order for the first time since June 3 , 2005 , hit a long homer to left in the sixth	True
Meche , whose `` dead arm '' the previous two starts had created concern among the Royals , gave up three runs -- two earned -- six hits and five walks in six inning . He immediately showed regained velocity , striking out Justin Morneau in the first inning with a 98 mph fastball . Kansas City 's Billy Butler was 4 - for - 4 with two singles and two doubles . He doubled home the Royals ' run in the sixth	True
Kansas City 's Billy Butler was 4 - for - 4 with two singles and two doubles . He doubled home the Royals ' run in the sixth . With two on and two outs in the third	True
With two on and two outs in the third , Joe Crede hit a routine grounder to second baseman Alberto Callaspo , who let it scoot under his glove for his ninth error as Mauer scored . Mauer 's RBI single put the Twins on top 3 - 0 in the sixth	True
With two on and two outs in the third , Joe Crede hit a routine grounder to second baseman Alberto Callaspo , who let it scoot under his glove for his ninth error as Mauer scored . Mauer 's RBI single put the Twins on top 3 - 0 in the sixth . The Twins added two in the eighth	False
Pettitte ( 8 - 3 ) rebounded from a brief outing Thursday against the Braves , outpitching fellow lefty Jarrod Washburn in a game that took just 2 hours , 17 minutes . The Yankees ( 45 - 32 ) are a season-high 13 games over .500 . Cabrera 's solo shot in the fifth	True
Pettitte ( 8 - 3 ) rebounded from a brief outing Thursday against the Braves , outpitching fellow lefty Jarrod Washburn in a game that took just 2 hours , 17 minutes . The Yankees ( 45 - 32 ) are a season-high 13 games over .500 . Cabrera 's solo shot in the fifth was upheld by a replay review . There was no doubt about Rodriguez 's two - run drive to center off Washburn ( 4 - 6 ) in the sixth	True
Pettitte shut down major league batting leader Ichiro Suzuki , who went 0 for 4 , ending a 12-game hitting streak . Batting second behind Suzuki , Russell Branyan struck out all four times up -- snapping his career-best hitting streak at 10 games . Alfredo Aceves and Phil Coke combined for a perfect eighth	True
Pettitte shut down major league batting leader Ichiro Suzuki , who went 0 for 4 , ending a 12-game hitting streak . Batting second behind Suzuki , Russell Branyan struck out all four times up -- snapping his career-best hitting streak at 10 games . Alfredo Aceves and Phil Coke combined for a perfect eighth . Rivera worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
The Yankees will go for their second consecutive sweep Thursday night with CC Sabathia on the mound . Seattle had won eight of its past nine series . Cabrera hit a drive over the left-field foul pole in the fifth	True
Cabrera hit a drive over the left-field foul pole in the fifth and umpires went inside for a look at the replay . Less than 3 minutes later , they emerged and upheld the original call of home run , giving New York a 2 - 1 edge . Griffey tied it in the sixth	True
Then they figured out Josh Johnson . Omar Infante hit a two - run triple in the seventh	True
With the win , Atlanta ( 69 - 62 ) moved within three games of wild-card co-leaders San Francisco ( 72 - 59 ) and Colorado ( 72 - 59 ) , both of which were idle on Monday . Florida ( 68 - 63 ) has lost four of five to fall four games back . In the seventh	True
Kawakami ( 7 - 10 ) quietly kept the Braves in the game as he allowed one run and six hits in six innings . He threw 51 of his 75 pitches for strikes and struck out five without walking a batter . LaRoche and Escobar each drove in a run with back-to-back base hits to right field off Dan Meyer in the eighth	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Jorge Cantu led off with a double down the left-field line and scored on a sacrifice fly to center by Dan Uggla . Uggla added an RBI double in the ninth	True
Neither of these teams has been able to get many wins this season , turning it into a matchup of the NL Central 's bottom dwellers . It ended when McDonald scored on Jesse Chavez 's wild pitch with two outs in the ninth	True
Neither of these teams has been able to get many wins this season , turning it into a matchup of the NL Central 's bottom dwellers . It ended when McDonald scored on Jesse Chavez 's wild pitch with two outs in the ninth . McDonald got the first	False
Figueroa struck out a career-high 10 and had an RBI single to lead the New York Mets to a 4 - 1 victory over Chicago on Sunday . Figueroa ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run on six hits in seven - plus strong innings and won his first start since April 27 , 2008 . Figueroa , who took Johan Santana 's spot in the rotation , got Jake Fox swinging for the second	True
Mets leadoff hitter Angel Pagan had three hits against his former team as New York won just for the second time in nine games . Brian Stokes pitched a perfect eighth inning and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Brian Stokes pitched a perfect eighth inning and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth for his 28th save in 33 opportunities . The Cubs had a chance in the ninth	True
Brian Stokes pitched a perfect eighth inning and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth for his 28th save in 33 opportunities . The Cubs had a chance in the ninth against Rodriguez with Kosuke Fukudome on first	False
Brian Stokes pitched a perfect eighth inning and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth for his 28th save in 33 opportunities . The Cubs had a chance in the ninth against Rodriguez with Kosuke Fukudome on first . Right fielder Jeff Francoeur dropped Fox 's short pop up , but second baseman Luis Castillo recovered the ball and forced out Fukudome at second	False
Zambrano allowed four runs and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings . It was his second poor outing since being activated from the disabled list with a sore back . In his first start back , Zambrano yielded a season-high eight runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 15 - 6 loss to Washington on Tuesday . Trailing 1 - 0 in the third inning , Pagan walked and advanced to second	False
Zambrano allowed four runs and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings . It was his second poor outing since being activated from the disabled list with a sore back . In his first start back , Zambrano yielded a season-high eight runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 15 - 6 loss to Washington on Tuesday . Trailing 1 - 0 in the third inning , Pagan walked and advanced to second on Castillo 's single . Zambrano tried to pickoff Pagan at second	False
Zambrano allowed four runs and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings . It was his second poor outing since being activated from the disabled list with a sore back . In his first start back , Zambrano yielded a season-high eight runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 15 - 6 loss to Washington on Tuesday . Trailing 1 - 0 in the third inning , Pagan walked and advanced to second on Castillo 's single . Zambrano tried to pickoff Pagan at second , but his throw went into center field , moving Pagan to third	False
Zambrano allowed four runs and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings . It was his second poor outing since being activated from the disabled list with a sore back . In his first start back , Zambrano yielded a season-high eight runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 15 - 6 loss to Washington on Tuesday . Trailing 1 - 0 in the third inning , Pagan walked and advanced to second on Castillo 's single . Zambrano tried to pickoff Pagan at second , but his throw went into center field , moving Pagan to third and Castillo to second	False
That kept the rally alive and Boston scored five more runs in the inning . They came in on a bases-loaded walk to Bay , a wild pitch and a Lowell 's homer . The Red Sox added two runs in the fourth	True
The Red Sox added two runs in the fourth on Pedroia 's sacrifice fly and Youkilis ' RBI single . Konerko 's homer cut the lead to two runs in the fifth	True
The Red Sox added two runs in the fourth on Pedroia 's sacrifice fly and Youkilis ' RBI single . Konerko 's homer cut the lead to two runs in the fifth . Then the White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh	False
Konerko 's homer cut the lead to two runs in the fifth . Then the White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh on two walks and a hit batsman . But Carlos Quentin flied out . Boston made it 12 - 7 in the bottom of the seventh	False
The Red Sox had two homers one day after their team record streak of eight multihomer games was broken in an 8 - 4 loss to the New York Yankees . In the first two games of that series , the Yankees won 20 - 11 before the Red Sox came back for a 14 - 1 victory . The White Sox had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox had two homers one day after their team record streak of eight multihomer games was broken in an 8 - 4 loss to the New York Yankees . In the first two games of that series , the Yankees won 20 - 11 before the Red Sox came back for a 14 - 1 victory . The White Sox had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the second on A. J. Pierzynski 's RBI single and Alexei Ramirez 's sacrifice fly . Boston scored a run in the bottom of the inning when Drew tried to steal second	False
The Red Sox had two homers one day after their team record streak of eight multihomer games was broken in an 8 - 4 loss to the New York Yankees . In the first two games of that series , the Yankees won 20 - 11 before the Red Sox came back for a 14 - 1 victory . The White Sox had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the second on A. J. Pierzynski 's RBI single and Alexei Ramirez 's sacrifice fly . Boston scored a run in the bottom of the inning when Drew tried to steal second and Bay scored from third	False
The White Sox had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the second on A. J. Pierzynski 's RBI single and Alexei Ramirez 's sacrifice fly . Boston scored a run in the bottom of the inning when Drew tried to steal second and Bay scored from third before Drew was tagged for the final out . Gordon Beckham hit a two - run homer for Chicago in the fourth	True
The White Sox had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the second on A. J. Pierzynski 's RBI single and Alexei Ramirez 's sacrifice fly . Boston scored a run in the bottom of the inning when Drew tried to steal second and Bay scored from third before Drew was tagged for the final out . Gordon Beckham hit a two - run homer for Chicago in the fourth , his eighth	False
The Tigers lost their 10th consecutive road series , last winning one June 8 - 11 at the Chicago White Sox . Granderson led off the game with his 24th homer but Oakland responded with four in the third	True
Granderson led off the game with his 24th homer but Oakland responded with four in the third . Rajai Davis tied it with an RBI single and Cust had a two - out , three - run shot to left . Cust led off the sixth	True
Cust led off the sixth with his 19th homer to make it 5 - 1 . Thames singled home a run in the seventh	True
Cust led off the sixth with his 19th homer to make it 5 - 1 . Thames singled home a run in the seventh and Cabrera added a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Thames singled home a run in the seventh and Cabrera added a two - run homer in the eighth as the Tigers pulled within one . The A 's clinched it with four runs in the eighth	False
A 19-game winner in 2007 , Carmona 's control abandoned him in 2008 as he went 8 - 7 with a 5.44 ERA and 12 more walks than strikeouts . He opened this season with a 2 - 6 record and 7.42 ERA and was sent to the minors on June 5 . In five starts since he was recalled July 31 , he is 1 - 2 with a 2.79 ERA . Carmona said striking out Griffey on a 3 - 2 changeup in the sixth	True
A 19-game winner in 2007 , Carmona 's control abandoned him in 2008 as he went 8 - 7 with a 5.44 ERA and 12 more walks than strikeouts . He opened this season with a 2 - 6 record and 7.42 ERA and was sent to the minors on June 5 . In five starts since he was recalled July 31 , he is 1 - 2 with a 2.79 ERA . Carmona said striking out Griffey on a 3 - 2 changeup in the sixth and fanning Rob Johnson in a 12-pitch at-bat that ended the seventh	True
Hernandez ( 12 - 5 ) entered with an 11 - 3 record in 16 starts following a Seattle loss , but was hit hard as the Mariners finished a six - game trip to Detroit and Cleveland with a 2 - 4 record . Seattle has lost seven of 10 overall . The Indians scored four times in the sixth	True
Hernandez allowed six runs , three earned , and nine hits in six innings , losing to the Indians for the first time since July 28 , 2006 . The right-hander is 0 - 1 in his last four starts since beating Texas on Aug. 1 . The Mariners got a scare in the first	True
Wakamatsu and trainer Rick Griffin went out to attend to Langerhans , who stayed in the game . After two groundouts , Jhonny Peralta singled to left to give Cleveland the lead . Griffey tied it in the fourth	True
Wakamatsu and trainer Rick Griffin went out to attend to Langerhans , who stayed in the game . After two groundouts , Jhonny Peralta singled to left to give Cleveland the lead . Griffey tied it in the fourth with a drive to center , his 13th	False
Ian Stewart and Todd Helton homered in Colorado 's seven - run sixth inning and the Rockies rallied to beat the Giants 14 - 11 on Saturday night to take a two - game lead in the NL wild-card race . Dexter Fowler tripled twice and Jorge De La Rosa pitched six innings for Colorado , which scored a combined 11 runs in the sixth	True
Ian Stewart and Todd Helton homered in Colorado 's seven - run sixth inning and the Rockies rallied to beat the Giants 14 - 11 on Saturday night to take a two - game lead in the NL wild-card race . Dexter Fowler tripled twice and Jorge De La Rosa pitched six innings for Colorado , which scored a combined 11 runs in the sixth and seventh	True
Troy Tulowitzki and Brad Hawpe led off with consecutive singles before Stewart tied it with his 19th homer . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) relieved Joe Martinez and got Clint Barmes to pop out . But Yorvit Torrealba followed with a single to center and pinch-hitter Seth Smith tripled down the right-field line to give the Rockies the lead . After Carlos Gonzalez walked , Smith was called out in a rundown and Gonzalez moved to second	False
Helton then hit Miller 's 1 - 2 changeup into the second deck in right for his 12th homer and first since July 22 . The Rockies scored four more in the seventh	True
De La Rosa ( 12 - 8 ) allowed six runs and eight hits , struck out five and walked two . Garko connected in the eighth	True
De La Rosa ( 12 - 8 ) allowed six runs and eight hits , struck out five and walked two . Garko connected in the eighth and Rowand followed with his 12th homer to make it 14 - 9 . Pablo Sandoval hit two - run shot in the ninth	True
Garko connected in the eighth and Rowand followed with his 12th homer to make it 14 - 9 . Pablo Sandoval hit two - run shot in the ninth but Huston Street came in and struck out Bengie Molina and Garko to end the game . Randy Winn 's RBI single gave the Giants a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
At least that 's what the home-plate umpire thought . That 's what Washington starter Garrett Mock thought , too . So did his teammates , who started jogging off the field . Second-base umpire Doug Eddings saw things differently . Eddings realized that Gonzalez 's bat touched the ball , which then skipped off the dirt before landing in Nationals catcher Josh Bard 's glove . As replays showed , it was merely an innocent foul ball , not a third	True
Gonzalez 's club record-tying streak of four games with a homer ended , but he again came through for the NL wild-card leaders . Troy Tulowitzki and Brad Hawpe also drove in runs to back a strong performance by Jason Hammel ( 8 - 7 ) , who allowed one run and three hits in seven innings . Huston Street worked a perfect ninth	True
Seeing Gonzalez play so well this series -- he homered Tuesday and Wednesday -- must have been bittersweet for Rizzo : He spoke Thursday about scouting Gonzalez in a cow-filled field in Venezuela while working for the Arizona Diamondbacks . Indeed , Rizzo , Gonzalez and Mock all were part of the Diamondbacks organization in the past . The Rockies had two runners on base with two outs in the fifth	True
That made it 1 - 0 , and Colorado doubled its lead when Mock threw a wild pitch to the next hitter . After Washington pulled within 2 - 1 on Adam Dunn 's RBI double , the Rockies added to their lead with two runs off reliever Jason Bergmann in the eighth	True
After Washington pulled within 2 - 1 on Adam Dunn 's RBI double , the Rockies added to their lead with two runs off reliever Jason Bergmann in the eighth . The Nationals finally got to Hammel in the fourth	True
After Washington pulled within 2 - 1 on Adam Dunn 's RBI double , the Rockies added to their lead with two runs off reliever Jason Bergmann in the eighth . The Nationals finally got to Hammel in the fourth , loading the bases on two singles and a walk -- yet they came away with zero runs . That 's because , with two outs , Elijah Dukes hit a sharp grounder that third baseman Ian Stewart made a nice diving stop to grab . Then , seated in the dirt , Stewart threw to second	False
The Red Sox , who moved one game in front of Texas in the AL wild-card race , have hit at least two homers in five straight games and eight of nine overall . Bay , who has homered in seven of his past 11 games , hit a two - run drive to left in the fifth	True
Bay , who has homered in seven of his past 11 games , hit a two - run drive to left in the fifth , his team-high 27th , to make it 5 - 1 . Ortiz gave Boston its first run with a leadoff drive in the second	True
Bay said it was obvious Halladay was struggling with his control . Toronto reliever Brandon League hit Kevin Youkilis in the elbow with a pitch after Martinez drilled a two - out homer in the ninth	True
Boston relievers Ramon Ramirez , Hideki Okajima and Takashi Saito each pitched an inning . The Red Sox added a run in the second	True
Boston relievers Ramon Ramirez , Hideki Okajima and Takashi Saito each pitched an inning . The Red Sox added a run in the second when Casey Kotchman singled , stole second	False
The Red Sox added a run in the second when Casey Kotchman singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Alex Gonzalez . Jacoby Ellsbury tripled home Gonzalez in the fourth	True
After taking two of three over the weekend from Boston , the Rangers stretched their advantage to one game over the Red Sox atop the wild-card standings . Josh Hamilton had two hits and scored twice as he batted third	False
After taking two of three over the weekend from Boston , the Rangers stretched their advantage to one game over the Red Sox atop the wild-card standings . Josh Hamilton had two hits and scored twice as he batted third in the Rangers lineup for the first time since July 25 . David Murphy added two RBIs for Texas , which jumped out to a 7 - 2 lead after the second	True
After Hunter was taken out in favor of Darren O'Day , the Twins scored three times to come within 7 - 5 . Delmon Young had a bases-loaded walk and Nick Punto added a two - run single before the Rangers brought in Neftali Feliz to get the final out of the sixth	True
Delmon Young had a bases-loaded walk and Nick Punto added a two - run single before the Rangers brought in Neftali Feliz to get the final out of the sixth . Frank Francisco pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Rangers ( 67 - 50 ) are 17 games over .500 for the first time since Sept. 26 , 2004 . The Rangers were in contention until the final week of the 2004 season , the last time the club made a serious playoff push . Joe Mauer went 3 for 5 and homered in the first	True
Joe Mauer went 3 for 5 and homered in the first for the Twins , who have lost 12 of 16 . He pushed his hitting streak to 14 games and raised baseball 's best batting average to .380 . The Rangers answered Mauer 's 23rd home run with three runs in the first	True
Byrd had a two - run single , Murphy hit a sacrifice fly and Andruw Jones chipped in with an RBI single that extended Texas ' advantage to 7 - 2 . Elvis Andrus capped the scoring with an RBI triple in the seventh	True
Philadelphia , which has won five of six , dropped the third-place Braves six games back in the National League East and left Atlanta in a fourth-place tie with Chicago in the NL wild-card race . After his solo shot made it 1 - 0 in the second	True
Philadelphia , which has won five of six , dropped the third-place Braves six games back in the National League East and left Atlanta in a fourth-place tie with Chicago in the NL wild-card race . After his solo shot made it 1 - 0 in the second , Howard put the Phillies up 4 - 1 with his 30th homer in the sixth	True
After his solo shot made it 1 - 0 in the second , Howard put the Phillies up 4 - 1 with his 30th homer in the sixth off Javier Vazquez ( 10 - 8 ) . Howard 's multihomer game was his third	False
Howard 's multihomer game was his third this season and the 20th of his career , tying the slugger for third place on Philadelphia 's career list with Dick Allen . The Braves had won the last seven starts made by Vazquez , who allowed six hits , four runs and two walks in seven innings with seven strikeouts . Howard proved too tough , particularly when Vazquez left a change-up too high in the strike zone in the sixth	True
The start of the game was delayed 1 hour , 37 minutes by rain . When it finally got going , Happ and Vazquez were in control . Happ ( 9 - 2 ) surrendered three hits , including Matt Diaz 's seventh homer in the fourth	True
Happ ( 9 - 2 ) surrendered three hits , including Matt Diaz 's seventh homer in the fourth . The 26-year-old left-hander gave up one run , six walks and struck out three in 7 2/3 innings . He lowered his ERA to 2.66 and become a solid member of the Phillies ' rotation . Striking out Yunel Escobar to end the first	True
Happ ( 9 - 2 ) surrendered three hits , including Matt Diaz 's seventh homer in the fourth . The 26-year-old left-hander gave up one run , six walks and struck out three in 7 2/3 innings . He lowered his ERA to 2.66 and become a solid member of the Phillies ' rotation . Striking out Yunel Escobar to end the first with runners on second	False
Striking out Yunel Escobar to end the first with runners on second and third boosted Happ 's confidence . Atlanta , which had just two runners in scoring position after the first	True
Striking out Yunel Escobar to end the first with runners on second and third boosted Happ 's confidence . Atlanta , which had just two runners in scoring position after the first , left the bases loaded in the sixth	True
Atlanta , which had just two runners in scoring position after the first , left the bases loaded in the sixth when Happ got Ryan Church to foul out . Ryan Madson relieved Happ for the final out of the eighth	True
Atlanta , which had just two runners in scoring position after the first , left the bases loaded in the sixth when Happ got Ryan Church to foul out . Ryan Madson relieved Happ for the final out of the eighth . One night after Lidge blew a save for the eighth time this season , Phillies manager Charlie Manuel brought in lefty Scott Eyre to begin the ninth	True
The Tigers missed several chances to avoid extra innings , going 0 - for - 16 with runners in scoring position . With one out in the 10th	True
The Tigers missed several chances to avoid extra innings , going 0 - for - 16 with runners in scoring position . With one out in the 10th , Anderson reached on a dribbler down the third-base line . David DeJesus followed with a routine grounder to third	False
Joakim Soria ( 3 - 0 ) threw two scoreless innings to get the win . Detroit center fielder Curtis Granderson helped send the game to extra innings with a spectacular catch on Mike Jacobs ' long drive in the eighth	True
Detroit center fielder Curtis Granderson helped send the game to extra innings with a spectacular catch on Mike Jacobs ' long drive in the eighth . Granderson raced back , leaped and twisted in mid-air to catch the ball as he slammed into the wall . Jacobs singled in a run in the first	True
Detroit center fielder Curtis Granderson helped send the game to extra innings with a spectacular catch on Mike Jacobs ' long drive in the eighth . Granderson raced back , leaped and twisted in mid-air to catch the ball as he slammed into the wall . Jacobs singled in a run in the first against Armando Galarraga and Bloomquist added an RBI double in the fifth	True
Jacobs singled in a run in the first against Armando Galarraga and Bloomquist added an RBI double in the fifth . Magglio Ordonez homered in the second	True
Jacobs singled in a run in the first against Armando Galarraga and Bloomquist added an RBI double in the fifth . Magglio Ordonez homered in the second for Detroit , which finished with 10 hits . Adam Everett scored the tying run on Kyle Davies ' wild pitch in the fifth	True
Davies allowed two runs and nine hits in six innings . Ordonez had Detroit 's best chance to take control of the game , facing Jamey Wright with runners on second	False
Davies allowed two runs and nine hits in six innings . Ordonez had Detroit 's best chance to take control of the game , facing Jamey Wright with runners on second and third	False
Davies allowed two runs and nine hits in six innings . Ordonez had Detroit 's best chance to take control of the game , facing Jamey Wright with runners on second and third with one out in the eighth	True
None of the changes worked against the Padres , who have won 11 of 15 and are 4 - 1 against Milwaukee this year . The Brewers , losers of 23 of 36 since starting July with a two - game lead in the NL Central , are 7 1/2 games behind first-place St. Louis . The Brewers twice squandered one - run leads built against Padres starter Kevin Correia ( 8 - 9 ) and the beleaguered bullpen gave up the four runs in the seventh	True
The Brewers twice squandered one - run leads built against Padres starter Kevin Correia ( 8 - 9 ) and the beleaguered bullpen gave up the four runs in the seventh to make it 6 - 3 . Coffey allowed the tying run in the sixth	True
Coffey allowed the tying run in the sixth on Kevin Kouzmanoff 's RBI single , but Mike Cameron put Milwaukee back ahead 3 - 2 , then Coffey melted down . In the seventh	True
Stetter intentionally walked Chase Headley to load the bases and walked Will Venable on five pitches to make it 5 - 3 . He left for Claudio Vargas , who allowed another RBI single to Kouzmanoff . Padres reliever Luke Gregerson allowed a two - out , two - run double to Fielder to make it 6 - 5 in the bottom of the seventh	True
Stetter intentionally walked Chase Headley to load the bases and walked Will Venable on five pitches to make it 5 - 3 . He left for Claudio Vargas , who allowed another RBI single to Kouzmanoff . Padres reliever Luke Gregerson allowed a two - out , two - run double to Fielder to make it 6 - 5 in the bottom of the seventh for the slugger 's 99th and 100th RBIs . Reliever Mike Adams finished the inning by getting McGehee to fly out and worked around a walk in the eighth	True
Correia allowed three runs , six hits and two walks in six innings . He said he did n't sense the Brewers were weighed down by the day 's events . Escobar , a highly touted prospect considered the shortstop of the future , arrived shortly before gametime along with outfielder Jason Bourgeois , who replaced Hall on the roster . The 22-year-old Escobar spent a portion of his evening on the dugout rail with a bat on one shoulder and bench coach Willie Randolph talking strategy beside him . He pinch-ran for Fielder in the ninth	True
Correia allowed three runs , six hits and two walks in six innings . He said he did n't sense the Brewers were weighed down by the day 's events . Escobar , a highly touted prospect considered the shortstop of the future , arrived shortly before gametime along with outfielder Jason Bourgeois , who replaced Hall on the roster . The 22-year-old Escobar spent a portion of his evening on the dugout rail with a bat on one shoulder and bench coach Willie Randolph talking strategy beside him . He pinch-ran for Fielder in the ninth , stealing a base and reaching third	False
The 23-year-old Gonzalez struck out five and allowed seven hits in six - plus innings , but his performance was n't as easy at it looked . After giving up two hits to start the seventh	True
Luke Scott hit his 19th home run in the ninth inning to ruin Oakland 's shutout bid , but the Orioles went 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position and fell to 6 - 18 since the All-Star break . Oakland used four straight hits to take a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Oakland used four straight hits to take a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Tommy Everidge singled and Ryan Sweeney doubled before Ellis and Cliff Pennington delivered RBI singles . The A 's used a three - run fifth	True
The A 's used a three - run fifth to make it 5 - 0 . Singles by Rajai Davis , Jack Cust and Suzuki produced a run before Ellis ended Guthrie 's night with a two - out , two - run single to left . In the ninth	True
Skip Schumaker 's first career pinch-hit home run started a five - run eighth-inning rally for St. Louis that included Capps ' ejection for hitting Pujols , and the Cardinals completed a three - game sweep by winning 7 - 3 Sunday . The Pirates lost a 3 - 2 lead in the eighth	True
Skip Schumaker 's first career pinch-hit home run started a five - run eighth-inning rally for St. Louis that included Capps ' ejection for hitting Pujols , and the Cardinals completed a three - game sweep by winning 7 - 3 Sunday . The Pirates lost a 3 - 2 lead in the eighth while dropping their eighth	False
The Pirates lost a 3 - 2 lead in the eighth while dropping their eighth in a row , all at home . They are two losses away from their longest home losing streak since PNC Park opened in 2001 , a 10-game run in 2005 . Capps ( 2 - 7 ) , who normally does n't pitch until the ninth	True
The Pirates lost a 3 - 2 lead in the eighth while dropping their eighth in a row , all at home . They are two losses away from their longest home losing streak since PNC Park opened in 2001 , a 10-game run in 2005 . Capps ( 2 - 7 ) , who normally does n't pitch until the ninth , replaced Zach Duke with one on and one out in the eighth	True
Joel Pineiro ( 10 - 9 ) fell behind 3 - 0 as Steve Pearce hit a two - run homer , but stayed in to pitch seven innings and improve to 4 - 0 in his last seven starts . Matt Holliday hit a sacrifice fly , added two singles and scored twice as the Cardinals won their ninth	False
Branyan hit the first pitch from Jeff Bennett in the sixth inning over the Rays ' bullpen and off a back fence well beyond left field . It was the 33-year-old 's first slam since July 21 , 2003 , when he was with Cincinnati . Mariners rookie manager Don Wakamatsu moved Branyan from second	False
Branyan hit the first pitch from Jeff Bennett in the sixth inning over the Rays ' bullpen and off a back fence well beyond left field . It was the 33-year-old 's first slam since July 21 , 2003 , when he was with Cincinnati . Mariners rookie manager Don Wakamatsu moved Branyan from second to sixth	False
His 26th homer extended his career high . It was the first home run to left field in two years from the left-handed pull hitter . Franklin Gutierrez 's second consecutive three - hit game included a go-ahead home run in the second	True
Rowland-Smith broke about a half dozen bats and struck out Rays on big , looping curves and floating changeups in his fourth start of the season . He spent 3 months on the disabled list with elbow pain and then on an inconsistent rehabilitation assignment in the minor leagues . The left-hander 's only mistake was a two - run home run by Dioner Navarro that gave Tampa Bay a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The left-hander 's only mistake was a two - run home run by Dioner Navarro that gave Tampa Bay a 2 - 1 lead in the second , on an 0 - 2 pitch . That extended the Rays ' team-record of a home run in 14 straight games . Ichiro Suzuki singled in the tying run in the second	True
Sabathia did n't allow a runner past second base while pitching into the eighth inning and New York beat Boston 5 - 0 for its sixth consecutive win . Derek Jeter hit an opposite-field , two - run homer in the eighth	True
Derek Jeter hit an opposite-field , two - run homer in the eighth for the Yankees , who extended their AL East lead to a season-high 5 1/2 games . Robinson Cano finished with three hits . Jacoby Ellsbury lined a clean single to center with two outs in the sixth	True
Boston 's one bright spot was Clay Buchholz ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed two runs and six hits over six solid innings . The right-hander bounced back after allowing seven runs and nine hits in four - plus innings in his previous start last Sunday at Baltimore . Ramon Ramirez replaced him in the seventh	True
Ramon Ramirez replaced him in the seventh and was ejected after hitting Alex Rodriguez on the left arm with one out . Ramirez threw a fastball up and in to Mark Teixeira before Rodriguez came to the plate . Both teams were warned after Buchholz threw a pitch behind Rodriguez in the first	True
There also was some testiness Thursday night when Mark Melancon threw a pitch over Pedroia 's head before hitting him in the eighth inning . Teixeira hit an RBI single in the third	True
There also was some testiness Thursday night when Mark Melancon threw a pitch over Pedroia 's head before hitting him in the eighth inning . Teixeira hit an RBI single in the third and Jose Molina added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
There also was some testiness Thursday night when Mark Melancon threw a pitch over Pedroia 's head before hitting him in the eighth inning . Teixeira hit an RBI single in the third and Jose Molina added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for New York , which has won 30 of 40 overall to improve to a major league-best 68 - 42 . Nick Swisher also drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk in the seventh	True
Teixeira hit an RBI single in the third and Jose Molina added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for New York , which has won 30 of 40 overall to improve to a major league-best 68 - 42 . Nick Swisher also drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk in the seventh . Sabathia carried a perfect game into the fifth	True
Teixeira hit an RBI single in the third and Jose Molina added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for New York , which has won 30 of 40 overall to improve to a major league-best 68 - 42 . Nick Swisher also drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk in the seventh . Sabathia carried a perfect game into the fifth , retiring the first 13 batters before David Ortiz walked on a 3 - 2 pitch that was just inside . The Yankee Stadium crowd groaned as the embattled Boston slugger jogged down to first	False
Ortiz went 0 for 3 with two strikeouts hours after he said he never knowingly used steroids and that over-the-counter supplements and vitamins likely caused him to land on a list of alleged drug users circulated by the federal government . He is batting just .171 ( 6 for 35 ) with two homers and six RBIs since the July 30 report that he was on the 2003 list . Sabathia did n't seem fazed by his first baserunner , retiring Mike Lowell on a flyout to center before J. D. Drew struck out to end the inning . He left after striking out Kotchman in the eighth	True
Sabathia did n't seem fazed by his first baserunner , retiring Mike Lowell on a flyout to center before J. D. Drew struck out to end the inning . He left after striking out Kotchman in the eighth , waving his cap to acknowledge the standing ovation from the 48,796 fans . Phil Hughes got the last out of the eighth	True
Pujols hit a three - run double to reach the 100 RBIs mark for the ninth consecutive season and Adam Wainwright limited Pittsburgh to one run over 6 2/3 innings , leading the Cardinals past the Pirates 5 - 3 on Saturday night . Pujols , who hits better in Pittsburgh than any other hitter , missed a chance to possibly break open the game when he grounded into a double play in the fifth	True
Pujols insists he does n't do anything differently at the plate with the bases loaded . Wainwright ( 13 - 7 ) did n't need much support in dealing the Pirates their seventh consecutive loss , all at home . The Pirates ' only run off the right-hander came on Delwyn Young 's RBI single in the sixth	True
Wainwright ( 13 - 7 ) did n't need much support in dealing the Pirates their seventh consecutive loss , all at home . The Pirates ' only run off the right-hander came on Delwyn Young 's RBI single in the sixth , and Wainwright was pulled an inning later only because he threw 112 pitches , 83 for strikes . Wainwright won his sixth	False
Wainwright won his sixth in a row on the road -- he has n't lost away from Busch Stadium since May 31 -- and is 9 - 1 in 11 road starts . He struck out six and did n't walk any as the Cardinals , back in first place in the NL Central , won for the eighth time in 11 games . Ronny Cedeno hit a two - run homer with two out in the ninth	True
Wainwright won his sixth in a row on the road -- he has n't lost away from Busch Stadium since May 31 -- and is 9 - 1 in 11 road starts . He struck out six and did n't walk any as the Cardinals , back in first place in the NL Central , won for the eighth time in 11 games . Ronny Cedeno hit a two - run homer with two out in the ninth against Jason Motte , but the Pirates still dropped their 12th	False
The deals weakened a bullpen that has given up 26 runs in 29 innings since left-hander John Grabow was traded to the Cubs . Pirates starter Charlie Morton ( 2 - 5 ) was effective , limiting the Cardinals to one run on Matt Holliday 's RBI single in the fifth	True
The deals weakened a bullpen that has given up 26 runs in 29 innings since left-hander John Grabow was traded to the Cubs . Pirates starter Charlie Morton ( 2 - 5 ) was effective , limiting the Cardinals to one run on Matt Holliday 's RBI single in the fifth , but St. Louis scored four times in the sixth	True
Alex Romero 's two - run double highlighted a five - run 12th inning to cap a comeback from three runs down and give the Diamondbacks their fifth straight victory , 11 - 6 over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Thursday night . Romero 's fourth hit was a double to right-center off Steven Jackson ( 2 - 2 ) with the bases loaded and one out in the 12th	True
Kevin Hart was in line to win his debut with the Pirates a week after he was acquired from the Chicago Cubs , but Pittsburgh 's bullpen again could n't hold a lead . Jon Rauch ( 2 - 0 ) worked out of a two - on , no-out jam in the 11th	True
Jon Rauch ( 2 - 0 ) worked out of a two - on , no-out jam in the 11th for the win . Romero went 4 for 7 with three RBIs and two runs , while Parra was 4 for 6 . Making his major league debut because Justin Upton was placed on the disabled list , Oeltjen hit a towering homer into the elevated right-field seats leading off the eighth	True
Making his major league debut because Justin Upton was placed on the disabled list , Oeltjen hit a towering homer into the elevated right-field seats leading off the eighth to tie the game at 6 . Reynolds ' homer was his 33rd and 12th since July 1 -- most in the majors in that time . It led off the sixth	True
Making his major league debut because Justin Upton was placed on the disabled list , Oeltjen hit a towering homer into the elevated right-field seats leading off the eighth to tie the game at 6 . Reynolds ' homer was his 33rd and 12th since July 1 -- most in the majors in that time . It led off the sixth and went deep into the far bullpen in left-center to give Arizona its first lead , 3 - 2 . Reynolds , who had an RBI double in the third	True
Making his major league debut because Justin Upton was placed on the disabled list , Oeltjen hit a towering homer into the elevated right-field seats leading off the eighth to tie the game at 6 . Reynolds ' homer was his 33rd and 12th since July 1 -- most in the majors in that time . It led off the sixth and went deep into the far bullpen in left-center to give Arizona its first lead , 3 - 2 . Reynolds , who had an RBI double in the third , was removed from the game in the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Steve Pearce followed with a double to center off Juan Gutierrez to drive in Cedeno and he would come around to score on an errant throw by Montero . Drew led off the seventh	True
Mark Ellis and Kurt Suzuki had RBI singles for Oakland . Rajai Davis finished with two hits . Hill went deep for the second straight day and also singled in the second	True
Tampa Bay ( 57 - 47 ) matched its season-high at 10 games over .500 . Crawford hit a two - run homer during a four - run eighth	True
Chen has appeared in 53 games , including 20 starts , since his last victory . His record is 0 - 13 over the stretch . Jason Bartlett drove in two runs with a triple and then scored to make it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Chen has appeared in 53 games , including 20 starts , since his last victory . His record is 0 - 13 over the stretch . Jason Bartlett drove in two runs with a triple and then scored to make it 3 - 0 in the second when Royals second baseman Alberto Callaspo was charged with an error for a poor relay throw to third	False
The Royals have allowed an AL-leading 56 unearned runs this season . Kansas City threatened in the fifth	True
The Royals have allowed an AL-leading 56 unearned runs this season . Kansas City threatened in the fifth , but left fielder Crawford threw out Brayan Pena attempting to score from third	False
Kansas City threatened in the fifth , but left fielder Crawford threw out Brayan Pena attempting to score from third on Alex Gordon 's flyball . DeJesus got the Royals to 3 - 1 during the sixth	True
Atlanta closed within two games of idle Colorado in the NL wild-card race and moved to four behind first-place Philadelphia in the NL East . The Phillies lost 8 - 2 at home to Houston . The Braves have n't caused Cox any worries lately . They won their seventh straight , matching a season high set at the start of this run , behind another dominant performance by Jurrjens ( 14 - 10 ) . The right-hander won his fourth	False
The Braves managed just three hits but took advantage of 11 walks by the Marlins -- including a career-worst eight by starter Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 8 ) . Sanchez walked the first three Atlanta hitters , throwing only two strikes , and wound up trailing 2 - 0 without giving up a hit . Brian McCann drove in a run with a bases-loaded grounder to first	False
Sanchez walked the first three Atlanta hitters , throwing only two strikes , and wound up trailing 2 - 0 without giving up a hit . Brian McCann drove in a run with a bases-loaded grounder to first , and Garret Anderson followed with a sacrifice fly . Florida had its bullpen throwing just 15 pitches into the game , though Sanchez managed to hang around for five innings . He allowed only two hits , one of them a towering shot by Jones in the third	True
Jones will need two more over the final week of a disappointing year to become the first player in baseball history to hit at least 20 homers in each of his first 15 seasons . Jones and Eddie Mathews are the only two to start their careers with 14 consecutive 20-homer seasons . Florida got its first two runners aboard in both the sixth	True
Jones will need two more over the final week of a disappointing year to become the first player in baseball history to hit at least 20 homers in each of his first 15 seasons . Jones and Eddie Mathews are the only two to start their careers with 14 consecutive 20-homer seasons . Florida got its first two runners aboard in both the sixth and the seventh	True
Florida got its first two runners aboard in both the sixth and the seventh . Jurrjens pitched out of trouble each time before turning it over to the bullpen . The Marlins started the sixth	True
The Marlins started the sixth with Chris Coghlan 's single and a walk to Cameron Maybin . But Hanley Ramirez struck out , failing to check his swing on a low pitch , and Jurrjens retired the next two hitters . Florida had an even better scoring chance in the seventh	True
The Marlins started the sixth with Chris Coghlan 's single and a walk to Cameron Maybin . But Hanley Ramirez struck out , failing to check his swing on a low pitch , and Jurrjens retired the next two hitters . Florida had an even better scoring chance in the seventh when Dan Uggla led off with a double and moved to third	False
The Marlins started the sixth with Chris Coghlan 's single and a walk to Cameron Maybin . But Hanley Ramirez struck out , failing to check his swing on a low pitch , and Jurrjens retired the next two hitters . Florida had an even better scoring chance in the seventh when Dan Uggla led off with a double and moved to third on Baker 's single . Jurrjens toughened up again , retiring Brett Carroll on a fly to right that was n't deep enough to score the run , striking out pinch-hitter Jeremy Hermida and getting Coghlan on a forceout at second	False
The Giants fell five games behind NL wild-card leader Colorado after a 10 - 8 loss to Arizona on Tuesday , when starter Matt Cain could not get out of the third inning . Cain gave up seven runs in 2 1/3 innings while losing his second straight start . No Giants starter has won since Barry Zito beat Colorado eight days ago . Still , the Giants 3.63 ERA remains second	False
Arizona catcher Miguel Montero had three of Arizona 's 16 hits and drove in two runs in Cain 's shortest start of the season that was not curtailed by injury . He was removed in the second inning of a game July 11 against San Diego when he was hit in the arm by a line drive . San Francisco built a 3 - 0 lead , the last two runs coming on Cain 's first major league triple in the second inning , before Arizona scored three runs in its second	True
Arizona catcher Miguel Montero had three of Arizona 's 16 hits and drove in two runs in Cain 's shortest start of the season that was not curtailed by injury . He was removed in the second inning of a game July 11 against San Diego when he was hit in the arm by a line drive . San Francisco built a 3 - 0 lead , the last two runs coming on Cain 's first major league triple in the second inning , before Arizona scored three runs in its second and six more in the third	True
Doug Davis ( 8 - 13 ) settled down after giving up four runs in the first two innings . He allowed 10 hits and five runs in 7 1/3 innings to win for the first time since Aug. 1 0 . He was 0 - 3 with four no-decisions in his previous seven starts . The umpires used instant replay to change the ruling on a hit originally called a two - run home run by Parra in the third	True
New York missed the postseason last year in Girardi 's first season . The Yankees have squandered a pair of chances to clinch at least the AL wild card , losing the past two days to the Mariners and Angels . Saunders ( 14 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked none in winning his fifth consecutive decision and sixth	False
New York missed the postseason last year in Girardi 's first season . The Yankees have squandered a pair of chances to clinch at least the AL wild card , losing the past two days to the Mariners and Angels . Saunders ( 14 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked none in winning his fifth consecutive decision and sixth in his last seven . After the first inning , the left-hander did n't allow a runner past second	False
New York missed the postseason last year in Girardi 's first season . The Yankees have squandered a pair of chances to clinch at least the AL wild card , losing the past two days to the Mariners and Angels . Saunders ( 14 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked none in winning his fifth consecutive decision and sixth in his last seven . After the first inning , the left-hander did n't allow a runner past second until Alex Rodriguez homered leading off the seventh	True
Saunders ( 14 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in 8 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked none in winning his fifth consecutive decision and sixth in his last seven . After the first inning , the left-hander did n't allow a runner past second until Alex Rodriguez homered leading off the seventh . Saunders left after giving up a one - out single to Rodriguez in the ninth	True
Pettitte departed a game with the Yankees trailing for the first time since July 11 , also in Anaheim , a span of 13 starts . He lost for the first time since a 6 - 4 defeat on July 25 against Oakland . The Yankees scored in the eighth	True
Hanson ( 10 - 4 ) threw a combined 15 scoreless innings in his last two outings to join Pete Smith ( 1988 ) and Paul Marak ( 1990 ) as only the third Atlanta rookie to pitch at least seven scoreless innings in back-to-back starts , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Hanson , who ended his Sept. 3 start at Florida with two scoreless innings , opened Sunday 's game with two scoreless innings to stretch his streak to 19 . The string ended when he gave up a run in the third	True
Walker said he tried to prepare as if he were starting a new game . Ryan Madson struck out the side in the eighth	True
Walker said he tried to prepare as if he were starting a new game . Ryan Madson struck out the side in the eighth and Lidge took over with a 4 - 1 lead to begin the ninth	True
Lee allowed a first-inning run when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a single by Matt Diaz . The Phillies took a 3 - 1 lead with two runs in the fourth	True
The Phillies took a 3 - 1 lead with two runs in the fourth . Jayson Werth walked , Raul Ibanez hit an RBI double and Pedro Feliz singled home a run . Jimmy Rollins led off the fifth	True
On the verge of becoming the second AL pitcher to 17 wins , Verlander got Cabrera to hit a high , medium-length fly ball down the left-field line . Kelly , who replaced Carlos Guillen for defense the inning before , misjudged it and it skipped just under his glove . Cabrera clapped his hands hard and pumped his arms after arriving at second	False
This was the largest crowd , 43,338 , here since opening day . Carl Pavano pitched through 11 hits and managed to limit the Tigers to two runs over seven innings , retiring six straight after an inning-ending , double-play grounder by Gerald Laird with the bases loaded in the fifth	True
This was the largest crowd , 43,338 , here since opening day . Carl Pavano pitched through 11 hits and managed to limit the Tigers to two runs over seven innings , retiring six straight after an inning-ending , double-play grounder by Gerald Laird with the bases loaded in the fifth . Jesse Crain ( 6 - 4 ) threw a scoreless eighth	True
Carl Pavano pitched through 11 hits and managed to limit the Tigers to two runs over seven innings , retiring six straight after an inning-ending , double-play grounder by Gerald Laird with the bases loaded in the fifth . Jesse Crain ( 6 - 4 ) threw a scoreless eighth for the victory . Manager Jim Leyland was more concerned about the lagging offense than the ball Kelly lost or the way the pitching fell apart in the eighth	True
Pavano beat Verlander 11 - 0 in Detroit on Aug. 8 , his first start with the Twins after they acquired him from Cleveland , but the Tigers ' flame-throwing ace sure made up for that flop . Mauer homered into the upper deck in the first inning , but the Twins did n't come close to scoring again until the eighth	True
He also kept New York six games ahead of second-place Boston for the division lead , with 13 games left in the regular season . But the Yankees ' playoff prospects flashed before their stunned eyes in the bottom of the fifth	True
But the Yankees ' playoff prospects flashed before their stunned eyes in the bottom of the fifth . Sabathia was coasting while up 6 - 0 , thanks to Teixeira 's three - run homer in a four - run top of the fifth	True
Nah . He simply winced , rubbed where the ball hit , talked for a minute , refused a test warmup pitch -- and then shooed everyone away . He finished the inning -- and two more scoreless ones after it , retiring the last seven he faced . But he lost the shutout in that fifth	True
Nah . He simply winced , rubbed where the ball hit , talked for a minute , refused a test warmup pitch -- and then shooed everyone away . He finished the inning -- and two more scoreless ones after it , retiring the last seven he faced . But he lost the shutout in that fifth when Rodriguez skipped a rushed , one - hop throw way past Teixeira at first base on a ball hit by Jose Lopez . Gutierrez scored from first	False
Girardi was still sighing more than an hour after it happened . One night after closer Mariano Rivera was stunned by a game-winning , two - run home run in the bottom of the ninth	True
One night after closer Mariano Rivera was stunned by a game-winning , two - run home run in the bottom of the ninth by Seattle 's Ichiro Suzuki , the Yankees reduced their magic number for clinching a 14th postseason appearance in 15 seasons to two games . They could make the playoffs as early as Sunday . Their magic number to clinch the division is nine . Teixeira 's five RBIs leaves the MVP candidate with 118 , most in the AL . He is second	False
Teixeira 's five RBIs leaves the MVP candidate with 118 , most in the AL . He is second in the AL with 37 home runs , two behind injured Carlos Pena . His second home run , in the ninth	True
`` Overachiever ! '' his teammates yelled at Teixeira when he returned to the dugout . Hideki Matsui hit his 26th home run in the fourth	True
Buchholz ( 6 - 3 ) gave up one run , walked three and struck out one . The right-hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.80 ERA in seven starts since Aug. 13 . Perhaps because the batting order he faced was makeshift at best . After trading away Aubrey Huff and losing Adam Jones and Nolan Reimold to injury , the Orioles had Jeff Fiorentino in left field , Felix Pie in center and usual leadoff man Brian Roberts batting third	False
Boston starters have allowed three runs or fewer in each of the last 11 games , and are 5 - 0 with a 1.72 ERA over an eight - game stretch . Daniel Bard and Hideki Okajima each threw a hitless inning , and Jonathan Papelbon worked a perfect ninth	True
Jeremy Guthrie ( 10 - 15 ) yielded three runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He 's 0 - 3 in four starts against Boston this season , and Baltimore has lost all four games . After two walks and an RBI single by Casey Kotchman put Boston up 1 - 0 in the second	True
After two walks and an RBI single by Casey Kotchman put Boston up 1 - 0 in the second , Scott tied it in the bottom half with his team-high 23rd homer . In the Boston third	True
In the Boston third , Dustin Pedroia singled and headed home on a double by Martinez . By the time Pedroia got to the plate , catcher Matt Wieters was waiting to apply the tag , following two excellent relay throws by Fiorentino and shortstop Cesar Izturis . Bay made it 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
In the Boston third , Dustin Pedroia singled and headed home on a double by Martinez . By the time Pedroia got to the plate , catcher Matt Wieters was waiting to apply the tag , following two excellent relay throws by Fiorentino and shortstop Cesar Izturis . Bay made it 2 - 1 in the fourth . His 34 homers are one short of his career high , and his 107 RBIs are two less than his career best . He left the game in fifth	True
Shields ( 10 - 11 ) had been 0 - 5 in his previous 10 starts at Tropicana Field since beating Kansas City 3 - 2 on June 4 . He gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings . Carl Crawford had an RBI triple and Gregg Zaun hit a run-scoring double in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit his 31st homer of the season and had three RBIs for the AL champs , who won for just the third time in 16 games . Scott Richmond ( 6 - 10 ) was pulled after allowing five consecutive hits to start the third	True
Tampa Bay ( 75 - 73 ) has won two in a row for the first time since beating the Blue Jays on Aug. 24 - 25 . Adam Lind hit an RBI single in the first	True
Tampa Bay ( 75 - 73 ) has won two in a row for the first time since beating the Blue Jays on Aug. 24 - 25 . Adam Lind hit an RBI single in the first and Vernon Wells drove in a run with a double during the third	True
Richmond , 0 - 5 in eight starts since returning from a biceps injury on July 31 , allowed five runs and seven hits over two - plus innings . Longoria , Willy Aybar and Gabe Gross each had an RBI single in the third	True
Longoria , Willy Aybar and Gabe Gross each had an RBI single in the third . The Rays ' sixth run of the inning scored when B. J. Upton hit into a double play . The Rays went up 8 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Rays went up 8 - 2 in the fourth when Ben Zobrist and Zaun both hit run-scoring singles . Gross had a seventh-inning sacrifice fly . Crawford tied his career high with his 59th stolen base when he took second	False
The Rays went up 8 - 2 in the fourth when Ben Zobrist and Zaun both hit run-scoring singles . Gross had a seventh-inning sacrifice fly . Crawford tied his career high with his 59th stolen base when he took second in the eighth	True
Tampa Bay 's bullpen , which worked the final three innings , has struggled recently , going 2 - 12 with nine blown saves in 13 opportunities over the past 39 games . Lyle Overbay and pinch hitter Kyle Phillips had RBI doubles during the sixth	True
BOSTON -- The Los Angeles Angels could n't afford to give the Boston Red Sox yet another psychological advantage in their budding postseason rivalry . One night after a ninth-inning collapse , the Angels rallied behind Howie Kendrick 's tie-breaking blooper in the ninth	True
Los Angeles improved to 6 1/2 games ahead of Texas in the AL West , and the Red Sox hold a six - game lead over the idle Rangers in the wild-card race . If the standings hold , Boston will open the playoffs in Anaheim ; the Red Sox have beaten the Angels in 12 of their last 13 postseason games dating to 1986 and are 4 - 0 all-time in postseason series against them . Kendrick also homered in the third	True
Los Angeles improved to 6 1/2 games ahead of Texas in the AL West , and the Red Sox hold a six - game lead over the idle Rangers in the wild-card race . If the standings hold , Boston will open the playoffs in Anaheim ; the Red Sox have beaten the Angels in 12 of their last 13 postseason games dating to 1986 and are 4 - 0 all-time in postseason series against them . Kendrick also homered in the third and score the tying run in the seventh	True
Kendrick also homered in the third and score the tying run in the seventh , and Fuentes rebounded from Wednesday night 's collapse to hand the Red Sox their first loss at Fenway in 11 games . Kevin Jepsen ( 6 - 3 ) got four outs , then Fuentes got the last two batters to earn his major league-leading 42nd save and end Los Angeles ' three - game losing streak . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 1 ) walked Juan Rivera to lead off the ninth	True
Kendrick also homered in the third and score the tying run in the seventh , and Fuentes rebounded from Wednesday night 's collapse to hand the Red Sox their first loss at Fenway in 11 games . Kevin Jepsen ( 6 - 3 ) got four outs , then Fuentes got the last two batters to earn his major league-leading 42nd save and end Los Angeles ' three - game losing streak . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 1 ) walked Juan Rivera to lead off the ninth , then pinch-hitter Reggie Willits sacrifice bunted him to second	False
Billy Wagner ( 1 - 1 ) walked Juan Rivera to lead off the ninth , then pinch-hitter Reggie Willits sacrifice bunted him to second . Kendrick blooped his third hit of the night over the second baseman 's head to make it 4 - 3 and help the Angels avoid a September sweep by their likely first-round playoff opponent . One game after Los Angeles complained about two questionable pitch calls that contributed to Boston 's two - out comeback rally in the ninth	True
Billy Wagner ( 1 - 1 ) walked Juan Rivera to lead off the ninth , then pinch-hitter Reggie Willits sacrifice bunted him to second . Kendrick blooped his third hit of the night over the second baseman 's head to make it 4 - 3 and help the Angels avoid a September sweep by their likely first-round playoff opponent . One game after Los Angeles complained about two questionable pitch calls that contributed to Boston 's two - out comeback rally in the ninth , starter Ervin Santana coughed up a 1 - 0 lead when he gave up Jacoby Ellsbury 's homer to lead off the fourth	True
One game after Los Angeles complained about two questionable pitch calls that contributed to Boston 's two - out comeback rally in the ninth , starter Ervin Santana coughed up a 1 - 0 lead when he gave up Jacoby Ellsbury 's homer to lead off the fourth and then a two - run shot to Jason Bay three batters later . The Angels cut it to 3 - 2 on back-to-back doubles by Jeff Mathis and Chone Figgins in the fifth	True
One game after Los Angeles complained about two questionable pitch calls that contributed to Boston 's two - out comeback rally in the ninth , starter Ervin Santana coughed up a 1 - 0 lead when he gave up Jacoby Ellsbury 's homer to lead off the fourth and then a two - run shot to Jason Bay three batters later . The Angels cut it to 3 - 2 on back-to-back doubles by Jeff Mathis and Chone Figgins in the fifth , then tied it in the seventh	False
The Braves took advantage of Murphy 's error to score two runs in the ninth inning off Francisco Rodriguez and beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Wednesday night for their season-best sixth straight win . With the game tied and runners on first	False
The Braves took advantage of Murphy 's error to score two runs in the ninth inning off Francisco Rodriguez and beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Wednesday night for their season-best sixth straight win . With the game tied and runners on first and second	False
With the game tied and runners on first and second with two outs , former Mets outfielder Ryan Church hit a grounder to first base . The in-between hopper hit off a charging Murphy , who then failed to catch the deflected ball as David Ross scored the winning run from second base . Rodriguez ( 3 - 5 ) gave up only one hit in the ninth	True
The Braves remained five games behind the Colorado Rockies in the NL wild-card race . Omir Santos gave New York a 5 - 4 lead with his first career pinch-hit homer in the eighth	True
Omir Santos gave New York a 5 - 4 lead with his first career pinch-hit homer in the eighth off Mike Gonzalez , who recorded only one out before leaving with a stiff back . Eric O'Flaherty ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the ninth	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win in a game that was delayed by rain for 1 hour , 56 minutes . After recording the last out in the eighth	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win in a game that was delayed by rain for 1 hour , 56 minutes . After recording the last out in the eighth , Rodriguez gave up a leadoff double down the right-field line to Garret Anderson in the ninth	True
Lowe made his shortest start of the season , giving up five hits and three runs , two earned , with two walks and two strikeouts . Lowe appeared to be bothered by his hand from the start of the game . He looked at his hand on his walk from the mound to the dugout after the first inning before giving up three runs in the second	True
Lowe appeared to be bothered by his hand from the start of the game . He looked at his hand on his walk from the mound to the dugout after the first inning before giving up three runs in the second . Jeff Francoeur , acquired by the Mets for Church on July 10 , had three hits , including a single off Lowe to lead off the second	True
Castillo 's two - out walk loaded the bases and set up Josh Thole 's two - run single . David Wright drove in Castillo with a single for a 3 - 0 lead . Infante doubled off Bobby Parnell in the second	True
Infante doubled off Bobby Parnell in the second and scored on Church 's single . The Braves added two runs in the third	True
The Braves added two runs in the third on McCann 's double and Infante 's single , tying the game at 3 . Nate McLouth scored on a passed ball by Thole in the fourth	True
The Braves added two runs in the third on McCann 's double and Infante 's single , tying the game at 3 . Nate McLouth scored on a passed ball by Thole in the fourth to put the Braves up 4 - 3 , but the Mets tied it in the fifth	False
Then Rafael Betancourt escaped a jam to save the best start of Jorge De La Rosa 's career and send the Rockies out of town with a 4 - 3 victory over San Francisco and a 3-game lead over the Giants in the wild card . It almost was n't to be as the Giants scored three runs in the ninth	True
It almost was n't to be as the Giants scored three runs in the ninth and put the tying run on third base before Betancourt struck out Nate Schierholtz for his first save since joining Colorado in July . That effort made sure that the brilliant work by De La Rosa ( 15 - 9 ) would n't go to waste . He allowed three hits in eight scoreless innings to beat the Giants for the sixth straight start . He gave the bullpen a 4 - 0 lead to start the ninth	False
But with De La Rosa outpitching All-Star Matt Cain ( 13 - 6 ) and once again dominating the Giants , Colorado leaves town with a comfortable lead with just over two weeks left in the season . The Giants opened the ninth	True
The Giants opened the ninth with three straight singles off Franklin Morales , with the first run scoring on Bengie Molina 's hit . Betancourt came in to protect a three - run lead and got Juan Uribe to hit a grounder to shortstop . Tulowitzki 's throw to second base was off target for an error , allowing a second run to score and pinch-runner Eli Whiteside to go to third	False
Betancourt came in to protect a three - run lead and got Juan Uribe to hit a grounder to shortstop . Tulowitzki 's throw to second base was off target for an error , allowing a second run to score and pinch-runner Eli Whiteside to go to third . After pinch-runner Eugenio Velez stole second	False
De La Rosa ( 15 - 9 ) has overcome an 0 - 6 start to the season to be one of the top pitchers in the NL the past few months . His 15 wins since June 1 are the most in the majors , with three coming against the Giants . He was at his best protecting a 4 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
De La Rosa ( 15 - 9 ) has overcome an 0 - 6 start to the season to be one of the top pitchers in the NL the past few months . His 15 wins since June 1 are the most in the majors , with three coming against the Giants . He was at his best protecting a 4 - 0 lead in the sixth after the Giants put runners on second	False
De La Rosa ( 15 - 9 ) has overcome an 0 - 6 start to the season to be one of the top pitchers in the NL the past few months . His 15 wins since June 1 are the most in the majors , with three coming against the Giants . He was at his best protecting a 4 - 0 lead in the sixth after the Giants put runners on second and third	False
Cain 's second-half woes continued as he has won once in his last 10 starts . Tulowitzki led off the fourth	True
Andre Ethier hit a tiebreaking homer , Manny Ramirez had an early RBI double and the Dodgers opened their penultimate regular-season homestand with a 6 - 2 victory over the woeful Pittsburgh Pirates on Monday night . Jon Garland ( 10 - 11 ) persevered through six rocky innings to remain unbeaten since joining Los Angeles last month , winning the NL leaders ' first	False
Orlando Hudson had three hits and drove in two late runs as the Dodgers ( 86 - 59 ) got hits from all eight starting position players to move back to a season-high 27 games over .500 with their fifth victory in seven games . Ethier put the Dodgers ahead 4 - 2 in the fifth	True
Orlando Hudson had three hits and drove in two late runs as the Dodgers ( 86 - 59 ) got hits from all eight starting position players to move back to a season-high 27 games over .500 with their fifth victory in seven games . Ethier put the Dodgers ahead 4 - 2 in the fifth with his 29th homer off rookie Daniel McCutchen , and Hudson added a long RBI double in the sixth	True
Ethier put the Dodgers ahead 4 - 2 in the fifth with his 29th homer off rookie Daniel McCutchen , and Hudson added a long RBI double in the sixth . Hudson twice drove home Casey Blake , who reached base four times . After two solid outings , Garland scuffled through his third start since joining the Dodgers for the playoff chase in a trade with Arizona on Aug. 31 . The right-hander yielded six hits and two runs while walking three , never retiring the side in order until the sixth	True
Dempster pitched eight shutout innings -- thanks in great part to big plays by center fielder Sam Fuld and third baseman Aramis Ramirez -- and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 2 - 0 on Monday night . Fuld dove to catch Frank Catalanotto 's sinking liner with a runner on third	False
Dempster pitched eight shutout innings -- thanks in great part to big plays by center fielder Sam Fuld and third baseman Aramis Ramirez -- and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 2 - 0 on Monday night . Fuld dove to catch Frank Catalanotto 's sinking liner with a runner on third to end the fifth inning and Ramirez made a leaping stop of Felipe Lopez 's shot with two on to finish the eighth	True
Dempster pitched eight shutout innings -- thanks in great part to big plays by center fielder Sam Fuld and third baseman Aramis Ramirez -- and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 2 - 0 on Monday night . Fuld dove to catch Frank Catalanotto 's sinking liner with a runner on third to end the fifth inning and Ramirez made a leaping stop of Felipe Lopez 's shot with two on to finish the eighth . Ramirez also was the pivot man on a unique 6 - 5 - 5 double play with the Cubs playing an exaggerated pull shift against Prince Fielder in the seventh	True
Derrek Lee hit his seventh homer in 10 games for the Cubs , who improved to 9 - 4 in September but remain well out of the playoff picture . Carlos Marmol worked a hitless ninth	True
Lee has overcome a slow start to bat .332 with 30 homers and 83 RBIs in 101 games since May 16 . He now has 33 home runs , his most since 46 in 2005 , and everybody associated with the Cubs declared him the team MVP . Pinch-hitter Mike Fontenot led off the eighth	True
Cuddyer 's tying three - run homer rescued the Twins , ruining a fine start for Cleveland by Jeremy Sowers in a 6 - 3 victory over the Indians on Monday night after Minnesota learned All-Star first baseman Justin Morneau 's season is over because of a back injury . Sowers stymied the Twins with his jerky left-handed delivery and left with a 3 - 0 lead after seven innings . Reliever Tony Sipp let the first two batters reach base in the eighth	True
Sowers stymied the Twins with his jerky left-handed delivery and left with a 3 - 0 lead after seven innings . Reliever Tony Sipp let the first two batters reach base in the eighth , though , the first coming on an error by shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera . Indians manager Eric Wedge summoned the right-handed Chris Perez to face Cuddyer , who flipped his bat with a flick of the wrist as he strided toward first	False
Sowers gave up six hits and threw 104 pitches . Wedge defended his decision to turn the game over to his top two setup men . Carl Pavano , pitching against the Indians for the first time since they traded him to the Twins last month , was in command for six innings except for two balls his old teammates crushed . Trevor Crowe hit his first career homer , a two - run shot in the third	True
Another rookie , Toronto 's Ricky Romero , took the loss . Romero ( 12 - 8 ) also went six innings , allowing four runs on 10 hits . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI single in the second	True
Another rookie , Toronto 's Ricky Romero , took the loss . Romero ( 12 - 8 ) also went six innings , allowing four runs on 10 hits . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI single in the second , and added three more runs in the third	True
Another rookie , Toronto 's Ricky Romero , took the loss . Romero ( 12 - 8 ) also went six innings , allowing four runs on 10 hits . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI single in the second , and added three more runs in the third . Placido Polanco led off with a walk and took third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI single in the second , and added three more runs in the third . Placido Polanco led off with a walk and took third on Magglio Ordonez 's double . Miguel Cabrera followed with an RBI single , Marcus Thames drove in a run by beating out a double play and Laird finished the inning with his second run-scoring base hit of the game . Toronto got onto the board on Edwin Encarnacion 's RBI double in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird 's RBI single in the second , and added three more runs in the third . Placido Polanco led off with a walk and took third on Magglio Ordonez 's double . Miguel Cabrera followed with an RBI single , Marcus Thames drove in a run by beating out a double play and Laird finished the inning with his second run-scoring base hit of the game . Toronto got onto the board on Edwin Encarnacion 's RBI double in the fourth , then cut the gap to two runs in the fifth	False
Toronto got onto the board on Edwin Encarnacion 's RBI double in the fourth , then cut the gap to two runs in the fifth when Aaron Hill 's groundout scored Raul Chavez . Detroit put the game away with three runs off Josh Roenicke in the eighth	True
The Angels came from behind to win for the 44th time , most in the majors . The next time they do it , they will tie the franchise record set in 2004 . The win went to Darren Oliver ( 5 - 1 ) , who pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Buehrle had a 2 - 0 lead before throwing his first pitch thanks to Carlos Quentin 's two - run single . The Angels got one back in the bottom half on Bobby Abreu 's sacrifice fly . They tied it in the third	True
`` But today the defense picked me up . It was a lot of fun to sit back and watch them make plays . '' Capps allowed Lance Berkman 's leadoff homer in the ninth	True
Capps allowed Lance Berkman 's leadoff homer in the ninth before earning his 25th save when Hunter Pence grounded into a game-ending double play . Capps had n't pitched in a save situation since Aug. 27 . After walking his first batter , Maholm faced the minimum for four innings . He retired 11 of 12 -- Humberto Quintero singled in the third	True
After walking his first batter , Maholm faced the minimum for four innings . He retired 11 of 12 -- Humberto Quintero singled in the third but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Tejada broke up the string by leading off the fifth	True
Paulino , who has n't won since beating Detroit on June 27 , got in trouble early . Andrew McCutchen hit the first pitch of the game down the left-field line for a double . One out later , Jones ' single to right gave Pittsburgh a 1 - 0 lead . Doumit added his ninth homer in the eighth	True
Doumit added his ninth homer in the eighth . Berkman hit his 21st home run in the ninth	False
Doumit added his ninth homer in the eighth . Berkman hit his 21st home run in the ninth . He was originally stopped at second	False
Jorge Cantu doubled , homered and drove in five runs , and Cody Ross also doubled and homered to lead Florida past Washington 11 - 3 on Saturday night . Gaby Sanchez added his first career home run for the Marlins , who won for the fourth time in five games -- and eighth	False
Chris Coghlan opened with a single before Nick Johnson walked . After Hanley Ramirez struck out looking , Cantu sent Estrada 's 2 - 2 pitch into the seats over the left-center scoreboard . Washington pulled within 3 - 1 when Maxwell led off the second	True
Chris Coghlan opened with a single before Nick Johnson walked . After Hanley Ramirez struck out looking , Cantu sent Estrada 's 2 - 2 pitch into the seats over the left-center scoreboard . Washington pulled within 3 - 1 when Maxwell led off the second with a homer to right . It was his first	False
Chris Coghlan opened with a single before Nick Johnson walked . After Hanley Ramirez struck out looking , Cantu sent Estrada 's 2 - 2 pitch into the seats over the left-center scoreboard . Washington pulled within 3 - 1 when Maxwell led off the second with a homer to right . It was his first of the season , and third	False
Washington pulled within 3 - 1 when Maxwell led off the second with a homer to right . It was his first of the season , and third of his career . Florida went ahead 5 - 1 in the third	True
Florida went ahead 5 - 1 in the third when Cantu doubled home Johnson and Ramirez with one out . Adam Dunn doubled home Willie Harris in the fifth	True
Adam Dunn doubled home Willie Harris in the fifth to make it 5 - 2 . It was Dunn 's 99th RBI as he seeks his fifth season with 100 or more RBIs . Ross and Gaby Sanchez , as a pinch hitter , homered in the sixth	True
Ross and Gaby Sanchez , as a pinch hitter , homered in the sixth to help the Marlins build an 8 - 2 lead . Ross led off by lining Logan Kensing 's 1 - 1 pitch over the left-field scoreboard . After Brett Carroll singled , Sanchez lined a 1 - 1 pitch into the left-field seats . Ross ' run-scoring double and Carroll 's sacrifice fly made it 10 - 2 in the seventh	True
Ross ' run-scoring double and Carroll 's sacrifice fly made it 10 - 2 in the seventh . Maxwell hit his second homer off Matt Lindstrom with one out in the eighth	False
CHICAGO -- Drew Sutton has had a busy year . He has been traded from the Houston Astros to the Cincinnati Reds , done the shuttle between the minors and majors and battled mononucleosis and dehydration . He added something else his to his resume Saturday -- a go-ahead pinch-hit double in the ninth	True
`` You got to try to get three outs no matter what the situation is . ... The first batter I walked it was right down the middle . I see it .. .. I had a bad day today . '' Arthur Rhodes ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero worked the ninth	True
`` But , we 'll take it big time and we still left some runners out there . '' Chicago scored three in the sixth	True
`` But , we 'll take it big time and we still left some runners out there . '' Chicago scored three in the sixth off starter Johnny Cueto and tied the game in the seventh	False
`` But , we 'll take it big time and we still left some runners out there . '' Chicago scored three in the sixth off starter Johnny Cueto and tied the game in the seventh on Geovany Soto 's two - out , two - run , bases-loaded double off Nick Masset . Chicago 's Aramis Ramirez tried to score from first	False
Chicago scored three in the sixth off starter Johnny Cueto and tied the game in the seventh on Geovany Soto 's two - out , two - run , bases-loaded double off Nick Masset . Chicago 's Aramis Ramirez tried to score from first on Soto 's drive to the center field wall but was thrown out at the plate on a relay from shortstop Paul Janish . Cueto gave up four hits and three runs in 5 1/3 innings . He was driven out in the sixth	True
Cueto gave up four hits and three runs in 5 1/3 innings . He was driven out in the sixth after an RBI single by Ramirez and a run-scoring double by Soto . Bobby Scales had a sacrifice fly off reliever Daniel Ray Herrera . Chicago first baseman Derrek Lee , third baseman Ramirez and shortstop Ryan Theriot all made errors in the third	True
Chicago first baseman Derrek Lee , third baseman Ramirez and shortstop Ryan Theriot all made errors in the third . Corky Miller hit a leadoff single before Lee fumbled Cueto 's bunt for an error , putting runners at first	False
Chicago first baseman Derrek Lee , third baseman Ramirez and shortstop Ryan Theriot all made errors in the third . Corky Miller hit a leadoff single before Lee fumbled Cueto 's bunt for an error , putting runners at first and second	False
Corky Miller hit a leadoff single before Lee fumbled Cueto 's bunt for an error , putting runners at first and second . When Drew Stubbs hit a grounder to Ramirez , he attempted to start a double play but his throw to second hit Miller in the helmet for another error . The ball ricocheted into the stands , and umpire Joe West awarded home to Miller , giving the Reds a 1 - 0 lead and putting runners at second	False
Corky Miller hit a leadoff single before Lee fumbled Cueto 's bunt for an error , putting runners at first and second . When Drew Stubbs hit a grounder to Ramirez , he attempted to start a double play but his throw to second hit Miller in the helmet for another error . The ball ricocheted into the stands , and umpire Joe West awarded home to Miller , giving the Reds a 1 - 0 lead and putting runners at second and third	False
Cueto was thrown out at the plate on a grounder to Theriot . But moments later , Theriot dropped Lee 's throw for Chicago 's third error of the inning , loading the bases . Brandon Phillips then delivered an RBI single . The Reds added three more runs in the fourth	True
Cueto was thrown out at the plate on a grounder to Theriot . But moments later , Theriot dropped Lee 's throw for Chicago 's third error of the inning , loading the bases . Brandon Phillips then delivered an RBI single . The Reds added three more runs in the fourth . Adam Rosales singled , Cueto bunted him to second	False
Cueto was thrown out at the plate on a grounder to Theriot . But moments later , Theriot dropped Lee 's throw for Chicago 's third error of the inning , loading the bases . Brandon Phillips then delivered an RBI single . The Reds added three more runs in the fourth . Adam Rosales singled , Cueto bunted him to second , Stubbs beat out a single to deep short and Darnell McDonald hit an RBI single for a 3 - 0 lead . Joey Votto followed with another run-scoring single off Lee 's glove at first	False
Edward Mujica made his first career start and allowed two hits in four scoreless innings . The Rockies ' only scoring threat before the ninth came in the seventh	True
Justin Morneau and Orlando Cabrera homered and the Minnesota Twins finally got the best of Halladay , beating the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cabrera tied it with a leadoff shot to left in the sixth	True
Justin Morneau and Orlando Cabrera homered and the Minnesota Twins finally got the best of Halladay , beating the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cabrera tied it with a leadoff shot to left in the sixth and Morneau hit a two - out tiebreaking drive to right in the eighth	False
Justin Morneau and Orlando Cabrera homered and the Minnesota Twins finally got the best of Halladay , beating the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 1 on Wednesday night . Cabrera tied it with a leadoff shot to left in the sixth and Morneau hit a two - out tiebreaking drive to right in the eighth for his 30th homer . Pinch-hitter Michael Cuddyer added a two - run double in the ninth	False
Pavano said he 's enjoying being part of a playoff push in Minnesota after struggling through four injury-plagued seasons with the New York Yankees and a tough beginning of the year with the Indians . Jose Mijares replaced Pavano with the tying run on second	False
Minnesota 's Joe Mauer started at designated hitter and went 1 - for - 4 , dropping his major league-leading average to .367 . Toronto took the lead in the fifth	True
Toronto took the lead in the fifth . Edwin Encarnacion led off with a triple and scored on Travis Snider 's second double of the game . Plate umpire Paul Nauert was hit in the mask by a foul ball in the bottom of the seventh	True
Penny struck out six and walked one over seven sharp innings in his first start at AT & T Park . He won at Philadelphia in impressive fashion Wednesday , two days after he signed with the Giants following his release by Boston . Adrian Gonzalez hit a towering solo home run off Penny in the sixth	True
Penny struck out six and walked one over seven sharp innings in his first start at AT & T Park . He won at Philadelphia in impressive fashion Wednesday , two days after he signed with the Giants following his release by Boston . Adrian Gonzalez hit a towering solo home run off Penny in the sixth , the slugger 's second	False
Penny 's teammates have quickly come to appreciate his spirit , not to mention his mammoth mound presence . Uribe and Edgar Renteria hit back-to-back home runs in the third	True
Uribe and Edgar Renteria hit back-to-back home runs in the third , helping the Giants remain two games back of the Rockies in the NL wild-card race . Colorado beat Cincinnati . Penny ( 2 - 0 ) did n't give up a hit until Venable 's triple leading off the fifth	True
Penny previously pitched for the Dodgers , and enjoyed the crowd response . Uribe tripled to start the second	True
Penny previously pitched for the Dodgers , and enjoyed the crowd response . Uribe tripled to start the second and scored on a wild pitch by Clayton Richard ( 4 - 2 ) to put the Giants ahead , then homered in the team 's five - run third	True
Uribe tripled to start the second and scored on a wild pitch by Clayton Richard ( 4 - 2 ) to put the Giants ahead , then homered in the team 's five - run third . After Uribe 's two - run shot , Renteria gave San Francisco its fifth set of consecutive home runs this season . Uribe hit a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Uribe hit a three - run shot in the seventh for his eighth career multihomer game . Nick Hundley hit a two - run homer off Alex Hinshaw with two outs in the ninth	True
Chicago had won four in a row . The loss dropped the White Sox eight games behind AL Central leader Detroit with only 24 games left . Lowell hit his 17th homer , a high fly into the White Sox bullpen in the fourth	True
Lowell hit his 17th homer , a high fly into the White Sox bullpen in the fourth , after Jason Bay started the inning with a single off John Danks ( 12 - 9 ) . Boston added a run for a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Boston added a run for a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth . Jacoby Ellsbury beat out an infield single and moved up on sacrifice and , after Kevin Youkilis was hit by a pitch , Bay delivered a RBI single with two outs . Ramon Castro homered leading off the White Sox eighth	True
Ramon Castro homered leading off the White Sox eighth against reliever Billy Wagner . But Martinez hit a three - run shot off Octavio Dotel in the ninth	True
Danks lost his bid for a career-high 13th win and pitched in and out of trouble most of the day in the matchup of tough left-handers . In six innings , he gave up seven hits and three runs . Chicago 's first two batters reached in the first	True
Danks lost his bid for a career-high 13th win and pitched in and out of trouble most of the day in the matchup of tough left-handers . In six innings , he gave up seven hits and three runs . Chicago 's first two batters reached in the first . But with his back to the infield , Boston second baseman Dustin Pedroia raced into shallow right to make an over-the-shoulder catch of Konerko 's fly . He then turned and threw to second	False
Fielder 's drive gave him career home run No . 151 . The triple play , that was No . 1 for him . San Francisco led 1 - 0 when it put Randy Winn on second	False
Fielder 's drive gave him career home run No . 151 . The triple play , that was No . 1 for him . San Francisco led 1 - 0 when it put Randy Winn on second and Ryan Garko on first	False
San Francisco led 1 - 0 when it put Randy Winn on second and Ryan Garko on first in the sixth inning . Aaron Rowand followed with a grounder that third baseman Casey McGehee fielded right on the bag . McGehee touched third	False
The game featured several good defensive plays , including diving catches by San Francisco left fielder Eugenio Velez and third baseman Pablo Sandoval , and Milwaukee catcher Jason Kendall . Milwaukee tied it at 1 in the bottom of the sixth	True
The game featured several good defensive plays , including diving catches by San Francisco left fielder Eugenio Velez and third baseman Pablo Sandoval , and Milwaukee catcher Jason Kendall . Milwaukee tied it at 1 in the bottom of the sixth when Lopez walked , moved to second	False
Milwaukee tied it at 1 in the bottom of the sixth when Lopez walked , moved to second on Ryan Braun 's single and scored on McGehee 's single . Mitch Stetter ( 4 - 1 ) pitched the 12th	True
Mitch Stetter ( 4 - 1 ) pitched the 12th to earn the win . San Francisco starter Jonathan Sanchez had another strong outing , giving up a run on six hits and three walks in six innings while striking out nine . He struck out six of the first nine batters he faced , but received a no-decision when he was removed for a pinch-hitter in the seventh	True
Wells ( 1 - 3 ) last won on April 17 , 2008 , when he was with Colorado . He gave up only a single to Garret Anderson in the second inning . The right-hander walked four , struck out four and hit a batter . Nate McLouth hit a run-scoring single off Nick Masset in the seventh	True
Votto hit a two - run homer off Jair Jurrjens ( 10 - 10 ) in the sixth inning to put the Reds up 2 - 0 . The 417-foot drive over the center field fence was his 21st . Brandon Phillips followed with a double to left and scored on an RBI single by Scott Rolen . Jurrjens , who had allowed only one hit until the sixth	True
It was the 15th time this season that Atlanta has scored three runs or less in a game Jurrjens has started . The Braves are 1 - 14 in those games . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
On Sunday , San Francisco will try to sweep the Brewers in Miller Park for the first time in nearly five years . This one got interesting late , when Cain came out to start the eighth	True
On Sunday , San Francisco will try to sweep the Brewers in Miller Park for the first time in nearly five years . This one got interesting late , when Cain came out to start the eighth after getting through a rocky seventh	True
This one got interesting late , when Cain came out to start the eighth after getting through a rocky seventh . Leading 3 - 1 , the right-hander allowed a leadoff double to Jason Kendall and was pulled for Affeldt . Kendall moved to third	False
Leading 3 - 1 , the right-hander allowed a leadoff double to Jason Kendall and was pulled for Affeldt . Kendall moved to third on pinch-hitter Mike Cameron 's groundout and scored on Felipe Lopez 's infield single to cut the lead to one . Affeldt then threw the ball into center field for an error on pinch-hitter Jason Bourgeois ' tapper back to the mound , putting runners on first	False
Leading 3 - 1 , the right-hander allowed a leadoff double to Jason Kendall and was pulled for Affeldt . Kendall moved to third on pinch-hitter Mike Cameron 's groundout and scored on Felipe Lopez 's infield single to cut the lead to one . Affeldt then threw the ball into center field for an error on pinch-hitter Jason Bourgeois ' tapper back to the mound , putting runners on first and second	False
Affeldt then threw the ball into center field for an error on pinch-hitter Jason Bourgeois ' tapper back to the mound , putting runners on first and second . But Wilson got Ryan Braun to hit into a fielder 's choice and Prince Fielder , who drove in his major league-leading 122nd run in the fourth	True
Affeldt then threw the ball into center field for an error on pinch-hitter Jason Bourgeois ' tapper back to the mound , putting runners on first and second . But Wilson got Ryan Braun to hit into a fielder 's choice and Prince Fielder , who drove in his major league-leading 122nd run in the fourth , hit a bouncer that second baseman Eugenio Velez flipped to Uribe at second	False
But Wilson got Ryan Braun to hit into a fielder 's choice and Prince Fielder , who drove in his major league-leading 122nd run in the fourth , hit a bouncer that second baseman Eugenio Velez flipped to Uribe at second to end the threat . Wilson worked around a one - out single by Jody Gerut in the ninth	True
Wilson worked around a one - out single by Jody Gerut in the ninth . Gold Glove center fielder Aaron Rowand and right fielder Randy Winn collided on the final out , a fly ball caught by Rowand after Winn slowed down at the last moment . Cain , who had n't won since July 24 , was sharp through the first six innings , retiring 10 of his first 11 batters and striking out the side in the third	True
Wilson worked around a one - out single by Jody Gerut in the ninth . Gold Glove center fielder Aaron Rowand and right fielder Randy Winn collided on the final out , a fly ball caught by Rowand after Winn slowed down at the last moment . Cain , who had n't won since July 24 , was sharp through the first six innings , retiring 10 of his first 11 batters and striking out the side in the third . He finished with five strikeouts and worked around consecutive walks to start the seventh	True
Cain , who had n't won since July 24 , was sharp through the first six innings , retiring 10 of his first 11 batters and striking out the side in the third . He finished with five strikeouts and worked around consecutive walks to start the seventh . Uribe homered off Gallardo ( 12 - 11 ) with two outs in the fourth	True
Suzuki had three hits and needs just one more for 2,000 . Six more will give him 200 on the season and continue his own major league record for consecutive seasons ( 9 ) with at least that many . Sweeney homered to lead off the second	True
Sweeney homered to lead off the second , sparking a three - run rally . Adrian Beltre walked , Jack Wilson singled and Josh Wilson walked ahead of Johnson 's two - run single . The A 's answered with a four - run third	True
Kennedy 's single in the fourth made it 5 - 3 . Bailey came on to get the final out of the eighth	True
Bailey came on to get the final out of the eighth , before the A 's scored four runs in their half . Ellis and Barton each hit a two - run double to make 9 - 3 before hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
HOUSTON -- Kaz Matsui 's patience brought the Houston Astros back after they 'd blown a late lead . His bases-loaded single off Brad Lidge drove in two runs in the bottom of the ninth	True
It was the Phillies closer 's 10th blown save of the season and it came at the site of many nightmares for Lidge , who blew eight blown saves in 2007 with the Astros . With one out in the ninth	True
With one out in the ninth , Geoff Blum walked and Chris Coste singled before Jason Michaels walked to load the bases . After Michael Bourn grounded out into a force at the plate , Brad Lidge ( 0 - 7 ) almost seemed as if he might escape . Jose Valverde ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
With one out in the ninth , Geoff Blum walked and Chris Coste singled before Jason Michaels walked to load the bases . After Michael Bourn grounded out into a force at the plate , Brad Lidge ( 0 - 7 ) almost seemed as if he might escape . Jose Valverde ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth after Philadelphia rallied from three runs down to lead 4 - 3 in the eighth	True
Jose Valverde ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth after Philadelphia rallied from three runs down to lead 4 - 3 in the eighth . Pedro Feliz singled for the Phillies to drive in the go-ahead run in a two - run eighth	True
Jose Valverde ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth after Philadelphia rallied from three runs down to lead 4 - 3 in the eighth . Pedro Feliz singled for the Phillies to drive in the go-ahead run in a two - run eighth that followed two runs in the seventh	True
Back-to-back RBI singles by Ben Francisco and Carlos Ruiz after Oswalt left made it 3 - 2 . Then Jimmy Rollins led off the eighth	True
Then Jimmy Rollins led off the eighth with a single off LaTroy Hawkins and Ryan Howard hit a tying triple before Feliz singled . Oswalt allowed two runs on four hits before leaving due to tightness in his lower back with one out in the seventh	True
Philadelphia starter Joe Blanton allowed three runs on six hits and a walk . He struck out five . In the second inning , Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer for his 22nd of the season , and added an RBI single up the middle in the third	True
Notes Utley hurt his foot when he fouled a ball off it in his first	False
The linescore may not have looked right -- the Royals had 11 hits , the Angels three -- but the result sure did . Weaver ( 14 - 5 ) did his part , allowing three hits to Mike Jacobs , Alberto Callaspo 's run-scoring triple in the fourth	True
Kansas City 's right-hander allowed a hit in 5 1/3 scoreless innings , then had to watch another bullpen meltdown . The Royals walked eight in innings 6 - 8 -- three by Jamey Wright ( 1 - 5 ) -- and twice dodged jams before Guerrero came through with the run-scoring single in the eighth	True
Kansas City 's right-hander allowed a hit in 5 1/3 scoreless innings , then had to watch another bullpen meltdown . The Royals walked eight in innings 6 - 8 -- three by Jamey Wright ( 1 - 5 ) -- and twice dodged jams before Guerrero came through with the run-scoring single in the eighth . Brian Fuentes made sure the gift held up , working the ninth	True
Tejeda did n't give them much after replacing Gil Meche , who was scratched because of shoulder fatigue . Though he 's been a starter before -- 47 combined with Philadelphia , Texas and Kansas City -- Tejeda did n't look the part , pitching exclusively from the stretch . He had no problem adjusting to pitching early instead of late , retiring 15 straight after a one - out single in the first inning , striking out the side in the second	True
Yes , it happened again . It just took a little longer than usual . Kyle Farnsworth survived a bases-loaded at-bat by Guerrero in the sixth	True
Kyle Farnsworth survived a bases-loaded at-bat by Guerrero in the sixth , making the crowd gulp by throwing off his back foot on the inning-ending comebacker . He did n't come back out after tweaking his back on the offbalance throw . Wright worked out of a jam in the seventh	True
San Francisco worked around 10 walks , the most its allowed in a nine - inning game this year . Prince Fielder drove in his 121st run , tops in the majors , and Jeff Suppan took a no-hitter into the fifth	True
San Francisco worked around 10 walks , the most its allowed in a nine - inning game this year . Prince Fielder drove in his 121st run , tops in the majors , and Jeff Suppan took a no-hitter into the fifth , but Milwaukee unraveled on the error in the sixth	True
Milwaukee could only take advantage in the first inning . Fielder 's RBI groundout made it 1 - 0 after Jason Bourgeois and Braun used a double steal to put men on second	False
Milwaukee could only take advantage in the first inning . Fielder 's RBI groundout made it 1 - 0 after Jason Bourgeois and Braun used a double steal to put men on second and third	False
Fielder 's RBI groundout made it 1 - 0 after Jason Bourgeois and Braun used a double steal to put men on second and third with one out . Casey McGehee walked and Cameron singled in Bourgeois before Zito got out of the jam . The Brewers ' two best chances came in the fifth	True
Fielder 's RBI groundout made it 1 - 0 after Jason Bourgeois and Braun used a double steal to put men on second and third with one out . Casey McGehee walked and Cameron singled in Bourgeois before Zito got out of the jam . The Brewers ' two best chances came in the fifth and sixth innings , but they failed to score off Miller , who walked the bases loaded before Howry got the final out of the fifth	True
Fielder 's RBI groundout made it 1 - 0 after Jason Bourgeois and Braun used a double steal to put men on second and third with one out . Casey McGehee walked and Cameron singled in Bourgeois before Zito got out of the jam . The Brewers ' two best chances came in the fifth and sixth innings , but they failed to score off Miller , who walked the bases loaded before Howry got the final out of the fifth . Howry then put two on in the sixth	True
After looking at a called third strike his time up , the streaking McGehee hit a go-ahead , two - run homer off Smoltz and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Thursday to avoid a three - game sweep . McGehee homered in the sixth	True
Trevor Hoffman closed for his 30th save , striking out Albert Pujols with a runner on base to end the game . Hoffman , the career saves leader , reached the 30 mark for the 14th time . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead into the sixth	True
Trevor Hoffman closed for his 30th save , striking out Albert Pujols with a runner on base to end the game . Hoffman , the career saves leader , reached the 30 mark for the 14th time . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead into the sixth , but Craig Counsell led off with a double and took third	False
Smoltz struck out Ryan Braun , then got Fielder to ground into a potential inning-ending double play . But second baseman Julio Lugo juggled the ball momentarily and could only throw out Fielder as the tying run scored . McGehee followed with a go-ahead drive just inside the left-field foul pole for his 13th homer of the season . He also drove in the Brewers ' first run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
McGehee followed with a go-ahead drive just inside the left-field foul pole for his 13th homer of the season . He also drove in the Brewers ' first run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Parra ( 10 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He gave up a leadoff homer to Lugo and Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single in the first	True
Parra ( 10 - 10 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings . He gave up a leadoff homer to Lugo and Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single in the first before settling down , and improved to 3 - 1 against the NL Central leaders this season . St. Louis loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
St. Louis loaded the bases with one out in the seventh . Reliever Mitch Stetter struck out Khalil Greene looking and Claudio Vargas got Pujols to ground out on a 3 - 2 pitch . Matt Holliday , who had three hits , brought the Cardinals to 4 - 3 with a leadoff homer in the eighth	True
St. Louis loaded the bases with one out in the seventh . Reliever Mitch Stetter struck out Khalil Greene looking and Claudio Vargas got Pujols to ground out on a 3 - 2 pitch . Matt Holliday , who had three hits , brought the Cardinals to 4 - 3 with a leadoff homer in the eighth . It was his 10th	False
Matt Holliday , who had three hits , brought the Cardinals to 4 - 3 with a leadoff homer in the eighth . It was his 10th as a Cardinal and 21st overall . He singled earlier in the game for his 1,000th career hit . Pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus walked later in the eighth	False
Matt Holliday , who had three hits , brought the Cardinals to 4 - 3 with a leadoff homer in the eighth . It was his 10th as a Cardinal and 21st overall . He singled earlier in the game for his 1,000th career hit . Pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus walked later in the eighth , but was picked off by Vargas . Hoffman worked around Lugo 's one - out bunt single with one out in the ninth	False
Philadelphia took a 2 - 0 lead in last year 's best-of-seven NLCS , beat the Dodgers in five games and went on to win the World Series . Manny Ramirez homered , but grounded out weakly with two runners on against a struggling Madson to end the Dodgers ' two - run rally in the eighth	True
Manny Ramirez homered , but grounded out weakly with two runners on against a struggling Madson to end the Dodgers ' two - run rally in the eighth . Their 14 hits set a club record in a single LCS game , but they stranded 10 runners . Lidge worked around a single and a walk in the ninth	True
Lidge was perfect in save tries all last year , but led the majors with 11 blown opportunities this season . Home runs dominated on both sides in a game that lasted 4 hours , 2 minutes . Ruiz highlighted a five - run burst in the fifth	True
Lidge was perfect in save tries all last year , but led the majors with 11 blown opportunities this season . Home runs dominated on both sides in a game that lasted 4 hours , 2 minutes . Ruiz highlighted a five - run burst in the fifth and Ibanez homered in the eighth	True
At 21 years and 211 days , Clayton Kershaw was the youngest pitcher ever to start a Game 1 in a league championship series , and it showed . The Dodgers lefty was tagged for five runs in the fifth	True
Kershaw allowed four hits in 4 2/3 innings and walked five in his second postseason career start . He worked out of the bullpen in last year 's NLCS , which the Dodgers lost 4 - 1 to the Phillies . He was 0 - 2 with a 5.23 ERA in two starts against them during the regular season . The Dodgers ' usually solid bullpen could n't contain the Phils . George Sherrill , their fourth reliever of the game , gave up Ibanez 's homer on the first pitch , the first homer off him by a left-handed hitter this year . Howard and Jayson Werth drew consecutive walks to open the eighth	True
The Dodgers ' usually solid bullpen could n't contain the Phils . George Sherrill , their fourth reliever of the game , gave up Ibanez 's homer on the first pitch , the first homer off him by a left-handed hitter this year . Howard and Jayson Werth drew consecutive walks to open the eighth . The Dodgers got two runs back in the bottom half on Martin 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Rafael Furcal . They had the tying runs at first	False
The Dodgers ' usually solid bullpen could n't contain the Phils . George Sherrill , their fourth reliever of the game , gave up Ibanez 's homer on the first pitch , the first homer off him by a left-handed hitter this year . Howard and Jayson Werth drew consecutive walks to open the eighth . The Dodgers got two runs back in the bottom half on Martin 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Rafael Furcal . They had the tying runs at first and third	False
The Dodgers ' usually solid bullpen could n't contain the Phils . George Sherrill , their fourth reliever of the game , gave up Ibanez 's homer on the first pitch , the first homer off him by a left-handed hitter this year . Howard and Jayson Werth drew consecutive walks to open the eighth . The Dodgers got two runs back in the bottom half on Martin 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Rafael Furcal . They had the tying runs at first and third with two outs , but Madson won a showdown when Ramirez grounded to third	False
The Dodgers got two runs back in the bottom half on Martin 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Rafael Furcal . They had the tying runs at first and third with two outs , but Madson won a showdown when Ramirez grounded to third . Kershaw retired five of the previous six batters he faced before the Phillies got to him . Ibanez led off with a single and took second	False
Ramirez 's RBIs gave him 78 in the postseason , putting him three away from breaking baseball 's career record of 80 by Bernie Williams . Los Angeles threatened in the sixth	True
Los Angeles threatened in the sixth , loading the bases on consecutive singles by Loney and Ronnie Belliard off Hamels and a two - out walk to pinch-hitter Jim Thome by J. A. Happ . But Happ retired Furcal on a grounder to end the inning . Loney got his first RBI of this postseason when he drove Hamels ' 2 - 1 pitch just over the right-field fence leading off the second	True
DENVER -- Between frosty breaths on the mound , Brad Lidge warmed to the challenge and erased a season of frustration . Philadelphia 's beleaguered closer stranded runners at first	False
DENVER -- Between frosty breaths on the mound , Brad Lidge warmed to the challenge and erased a season of frustration . Philadelphia 's beleaguered closer stranded runners at first and second	False
Philadelphia 's beleaguered closer stranded runners at first and second on a bitterly cold Sunday night when he retired Troy Tulowitzki on a flyball for the final out , preserving the Phillies ' 6 - 5 win over the Colorado Rockies in Game 3 of their NL playoff series . Huston Street allowed Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly in the top of the ninth	True
But he lost his perfect touch this season -- he led the majors with 11 blown saves , went 0 - 8 with a 7.21 ERA and briefly lost his job in September . After Rollins led off the ninth	True
Umpires have had a rocky first week of the playoffs , including an admitted missed call in the eighth inning of Game 2 of the Yankees and Twins series . Lidge came out of the bullpen for the ninth	True
Umpires have had a rocky first week of the playoffs , including an admitted missed call in the eighth inning of Game 2 of the Yankees and Twins series . Lidge came out of the bullpen for the ninth and retired pinch-hitter Brad Hawpe before walking Carlos Gonzalez , who swiped second	False
With the game pushed back a day , Manuel ditched plans to give 37-year-old right-hander Pedro Martinez his first postseason start in five years and went with rookie left-hander J. A. Happ instead . That neutralized the Rockies ' most potent lineup , sending third baseman Ian Stewart and Seth Smith to the bench . Tracy juggled his lineup , benching Hawpe , his All-Star right fielder who has slumped over the second half of the season , and replacing him with Ryan Spilborghs . He also moved catcher Yorvit Torrealba up two spots to fifth	False
Tracy juggled his lineup , benching Hawpe , his All-Star right fielder who has slumped over the second half of the season , and replacing him with Ryan Spilborghs . He also moved catcher Yorvit Torrealba up two spots to fifth in the order . Torrealba went 0 for 4 . Carlos Ruiz broke a 4-all tie in the sixth	True
Carlos Ruiz broke a 4-all tie in the sixth with his second run-scoring single , this one off Jose Contreras , who walked the two batters ahead of him . Tulowitzki 's sacrifice fly in the seventh tied it at 5 . Winning pitcher Chad Durbin threw a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
The Cardinals got a stellar performance from starter Adam Wainwright , who left with a 2 - 1 lead after eight innings . Still , St. Louis went home empty-handed after opening the series with two Cy Young Award contenders on the mound : Chris Carpenter and Wainwright . With the bases empty in the ninth	True
The Cardinals got a stellar performance from starter Adam Wainwright , who left with a 2 - 1 lead after eight innings . Still , St. Louis went home empty-handed after opening the series with two Cy Young Award contenders on the mound : Chris Carpenter and Wainwright . With the bases empty in the ninth , Holliday charged in on James Loney 's shot to left field . But he could n't make the play , allowing Loney to reach second	False
With the bases empty in the ninth , Holliday charged in on James Loney 's shot to left field . But he could n't make the play , allowing Loney to reach second . Franklin walked Casey Blake before Belliard singled up the middle , scoring pinch-runner Juan Pierre . A passed ball moved runners up to second	False
With the bases empty in the ninth , Holliday charged in on James Loney 's shot to left field . But he could n't make the play , allowing Loney to reach second . Franklin walked Casey Blake before Belliard singled up the middle , scoring pinch-runner Juan Pierre . A passed ball moved runners up to second and third	False
Franklin walked Casey Blake before Belliard singled up the middle , scoring pinch-runner Juan Pierre . A passed ball moved runners up to second and third , and Franklin walked Russell Martin on four pitches to load the bases . Loretta , batting for reliever George Sherrill , was 0 - for - 15 in his career against Franklin before fisting a soft single to center that drove in Blake . That triggered a huge celebration , with teammates jumping on Loretta in a pile between first	False
Wainwright was 1 - 0 with four saves when the Cardinals won the 2006 World Series in their last playoff appearance , making him the first pitcher since Bob Welch to save a World Series game and then start a postseason game . Trever Miller started the ninth	True
Albert Pujols and Manny Ramirez were non-factors for the second consecutive game . Pujols went 1 - for - 3 with an intentional walk for the Cardinals ; Ramirez finished 0 - for - 4 with a strikeout . The Cardinals snapped a 1-all tie in the seventh	True
Albert Pujols and Manny Ramirez were non-factors for the second consecutive game . Pujols went 1 - for - 3 with an intentional walk for the Cardinals ; Ramirez finished 0 - for - 4 with a strikeout . The Cardinals snapped a 1-all tie in the seventh on Colby Rasmus ' RBI double off the center-field wall . Mark DeRosa , who led off with a single , scored and Rasmus was out trying to advance to third	False
The Cardinals snapped a 1-all tie in the seventh on Colby Rasmus ' RBI double off the center-field wall . Mark DeRosa , who led off with a single , scored and Rasmus was out trying to advance to third on the throw home . Ethier tied it 1-all with a homer in the fourth -- the Dodgers ' first hit off Wainwright , who retired his first 11 batters . The right-hander set down another six in a row until Rafael Furcal 's two - out single in the sixth	False
Yorvit Torrealba hit a two - run homer , Aaron Cook pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Colorado Rockies beat Hamels and the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 4 on Thursday to even their NL playoff series at a game apiece . Huston Street pitched out of trouble in the ninth	True
Yorvit Torrealba hit a two - run homer , Aaron Cook pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Colorado Rockies beat Hamels and the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 4 on Thursday to even their NL playoff series at a game apiece . Huston Street pitched out of trouble in the ninth to secure the win for Colorado . He retired Shane Victorino on a soft liner to second	False
Jayson Werth 's solo homer off Rafael Betancourt in the eighth got the Phillies within a run and whipped the fans into a frenzy . But Franklin Morales came in and retired Raul Ibanez on a sharp grounder . Street , who was 35 for 37 in save chances in the regular season , started the ninth	True
He walked pinch-hitter Matt Stairs with one out . Lee , who became the first Phillies pitcher to steal a base in the postseason in Game 1 , ran for the slow-footed Stairs . After Miguel Cairo flied to right , Jimmy Rollins singled to right . But Street got Victorino to end it . Trailing 4 - 0 , the Phillies finally got going in the sixth	True
He walked pinch-hitter Matt Stairs with one out . Lee , who became the first Phillies pitcher to steal a base in the postseason in Game 1 , ran for the slow-footed Stairs . After Miguel Cairo flied to right , Jimmy Rollins singled to right . But Street got Victorino to end it . Trailing 4 - 0 , the Phillies finally got going in the sixth . Victorino led off with an infield single and advanced to second	False
Jose Contreras came in and struck out Werth . But Ibanez followed with a two - run single to cut it to 4 - 3 . After Happ was forced out in the seventh	True
After Happ was forced out in the seventh , Scott Eyre came in with the bases loaded and nobody out . He struck out Carlos Gonzalez before Dexter Fowler 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 3 . Eyre retired Todd Helton to end the inning . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth when Torrealba connected off Hamels . Torrealba had just two homers in 213 regular-season at-bats , but he ripped a hanging curve into the seats in left . Rockies manager Jim Tracy flip-flopped his top two hitters and it paid off right away . Gonzalez led off with a single . He stole second	False
Rockies manager Jim Tracy flip-flopped his top two hitters and it paid off right away . Gonzalez led off with a single . He stole second on an attempted pickoff , easily beating first baseman Howard 's double-clutch throw . Gonzalez advanced to third	False
Gonzalez advanced to third on Fowler 's sacrifice and scored on Helton 's 20-foot dribbler down the first-base line , giving the Rockies their first lead of the series . Gonzalez singled his next time up in the third	True
Gonzalez advanced to third on Fowler 's sacrifice and scored on Helton 's 20-foot dribbler down the first-base line , giving the Rockies their first lead of the series . Gonzalez singled his next time up in the third and was picked off again , but this time Howard quickly fired to second	False
Gonzalez singled his next time up in the third and was picked off again , but this time Howard quickly fired to second to get him . After Cook hit a one - out single in the fifth	True
The Cardinals failed to make it a happy 65th birthday for manager Tony La Russa , who joked before the game that he was looking forward to getting the senior citizen discount at the movie theater . Fielder ended with 46 homers , one behind Albert Pujols for the major league lead , and drove in three runs to tie Ryan Howard for the majors ' RBI title at 141 . He lost a chance to take the RBI title outright when he drew an intentional walk to load the bases in the 10th	True
Fielder ended with 46 homers , one behind Albert Pujols for the major league lead , and drove in three runs to tie Ryan Howard for the majors ' RBI title at 141 . He lost a chance to take the RBI title outright when he drew an intentional walk to load the bases in the 10th . Mid-game replacement David Freese had two hits and three RBIs for St. Louis , including a two - run bloop single off Chris Smith ( 1 - 0 ) to tie it at 6 in the eighth	True
Fielder ended with 46 homers , one behind Albert Pujols for the major league lead , and drove in three runs to tie Ryan Howard for the majors ' RBI title at 141 . He lost a chance to take the RBI title outright when he drew an intentional walk to load the bases in the 10th . Mid-game replacement David Freese had two hits and three RBIs for St. Louis , including a two - run bloop single off Chris Smith ( 1 - 0 ) to tie it at 6 in the eighth . Freese made his professional debut at catcher in the 10th	True
Fielder 's second homer of the game came in the ninth came off Todd Wellemeyer ( 7 - 10 ) . The Cardinals forced extra innings against Trevor Hoffman ( 3 - 2 ) when Julio Lugo beat the relay on a potential game-ending double-play ball with the bases loaded . Ryan Braun added an RBI single in the 10th	True
Ryan Braun added an RBI single in the 10th for the Brewers , finishing with an NL-high 203 hits , and John Axford finished for his first career save . Pujols won his first NL homer title and St. Louis ' first since Mark McGwire hit 65 in 1999 despite going without a long ball in his last 79 at-bats since Sept. 9 . He led the majors in slugging percentage for the third straight season , finished second	False
Ryan Braun added an RBI single in the 10th for the Brewers , finishing with an NL-high 203 hits , and John Axford finished for his first career save . Pujols won his first NL homer title and St. Louis ' first since Mark McGwire hit 65 in 1999 despite going without a long ball in his last 79 at-bats since Sept. 9 . He led the majors in slugging percentage for the third straight season , finished second to Hanley Ramirez with a .327 average , and was third	False
Also beset by injuries , Houston slogged to a disappointing finish as well . One game out of first place after games of July 22 , the Astros then lost two of three at home to the Mets and soon fell out of the race . Houston ( 74 - 88 ) came in fifth	False
The right-hander threw 76 of 113 pitches for strikes in the first complete-game shutout by a Mets pitcher at Citi Field . Rookie catcher Josh Thole had three hits , including an RBI single off rookie starter Wilton Lopez ( 0 - 2 ) in a two - run fourth	True
This game was a disaster for the Blue Jays from the outset , when David Purcey ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three first-inning runs , including a two - run double by Markakis . After an RBI single by Melvin Mora made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
This game was a disaster for the Blue Jays from the outset , when David Purcey ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three first-inning runs , including a two - run double by Markakis . After an RBI single by Melvin Mora made it 4 - 0 in the third , Encarnacion hit a three - run shot and Ruiz added a solo drive to tie it in the fourth	True
After an RBI single by Melvin Mora made it 4 - 0 in the third , Encarnacion hit a three - run shot and Ruiz added a solo drive to tie it in the fourth . In the bottom half , however , Wieters homered with two on to put the Orioles ahead for good . Aubrey hit his first homer in the fifth	True
After an RBI single by Melvin Mora made it 4 - 0 in the third , Encarnacion hit a three - run shot and Ruiz added a solo drive to tie it in the fourth . In the bottom half , however , Wieters homered with two on to put the Orioles ahead for good . Aubrey hit his first homer in the fifth to chase Purcey , and his grand slam came in the sixth	False
Lester showed no ill effects from his injury last week and was splendid in a final tuneup for the playoffs , pitching into the seventh inning and leading the Red Sox to a 3 - 0 win over the Cleveland Indians on Thursday night . Lester ( 15 - 8 ) gave up just two hits , walked one and struck out seven in 6 1/3 innings . He left after walking Jhonny Peralta with one out in the seventh	True
Lester threw a side session Monday , which alleviated any of his fears . Michael Brantley led off the fourth	True
Lester threw a side session Monday , which alleviated any of his fears . Michael Brantley led off the fourth with a single after Lester retired the first nine batters . In the fifth	True
Reliever Daniel Bard loaded the bases after Lester left , but got Andy Marte on an inning-ending double-play grounder . Jonathan Papelbon worked a perfect ninth	True
Lester , the club 's best starter last postseason , relied mainly on his fastball in the first two innings , getting five flyouts and a pop out before mixing in other pitches more . Cleveland starter Carlos Carrasco ( 0 - 4 ) left the game in the fourth	True
The Red Sox had most of their starting lineup back a day after resting all but two starters -- DH David Ortiz and shortstop Alex Gonzalez -- Wednesday . They clinched the wild card when the Texas Rangers lost to the Angels on Tuesday night . Boston went ahead 1 - 0 when Ellsbury singled leading off the first	True
Boston went ahead 1 - 0 when Ellsbury singled leading off the first , stole his major league-leading 68th base and advanced on Martinez 's fielder 's choice before scoring on Kevin Youkilis ' sacrifice fly . Ortiz and Jason Bay had RBI singles in the third	True
Lincecum struck out seven in his last start of the season , Andres Torres homered and hit an RBI triple and the San Francisco Giants finished their home schedule with a 7 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Thursday . Lincecum ( 15 - 7 ) was perfect before plunking Arizona leadoff man Chris Young starting the fourth	True
San Francisco was eliminated from playoff contention Wednesday night , but plenty of fans came out to see Lincecum 's last outing and to say a likely goodbye to Aurilia , the popular infielder -- and the last remaining member of the Giants ' 2002 NL pennant-winning team . Aurilia is n't likely to return next year , and neither is outfielder Randy Winn . Aurilia received a rousing standing ovation each time he came to the plate and he tipped his helmet before stepping in against Haren ( 14 - 10 ) in the second	True
San Francisco was eliminated from playoff contention Wednesday night , but plenty of fans came out to see Lincecum 's last outing and to say a likely goodbye to Aurilia , the popular infielder -- and the last remaining member of the Giants ' 2002 NL pennant-winning team . Aurilia is n't likely to return next year , and neither is outfielder Randy Winn . Aurilia received a rousing standing ovation each time he came to the plate and he tipped his helmet before stepping in against Haren ( 14 - 10 ) in the second . Fans chanted `` Richie ! Richie ! '' when he batted in the eighth	True
San Francisco was eliminated from playoff contention Wednesday night , but plenty of fans came out to see Lincecum 's last outing and to say a likely goodbye to Aurilia , the popular infielder -- and the last remaining member of the Giants ' 2002 NL pennant-winning team . Aurilia is n't likely to return next year , and neither is outfielder Randy Winn . Aurilia received a rousing standing ovation each time he came to the plate and he tipped his helmet before stepping in against Haren ( 14 - 10 ) in the second . Fans chanted `` Richie ! Richie ! '' when he batted in the eighth . He flied out to center , then came out for a curtain call , waving and saluting the crowd . Aurilia spent 12 seasons with the Giants , first	False
Aurilia received a rousing standing ovation each time he came to the plate and he tipped his helmet before stepping in against Haren ( 14 - 10 ) in the second . Fans chanted `` Richie ! Richie ! '' when he batted in the eighth . He flied out to center , then came out for a curtain call , waving and saluting the crowd . Aurilia spent 12 seasons with the Giants , first from 1995 - 2003 then again the past three . Bochy let him take his spot at first base in the ninth	True
Bochy let him take his spot at first base in the ninth , then replaced him with Travis Ishikawa . Lincecum left to a standing ovation with none out and two on in the top of the eighth	True
Lincecum left to a standing ovation with none out and two on in the top of the eighth . He tipped his cap before disappearing into the dugout . Johnson got his due , too . The 46-year-old Big Unit , a 303-game winner whose shoulder injury forced him into a reliever role , emerged from the bullpen to pitch the ninth	True
Johnson got his due , too . The 46-year-old Big Unit , a 303-game winner whose shoulder injury forced him into a reliever role , emerged from the bullpen to pitch the ninth . Lincecum had allowed only a fifth-inning single to Chad Tracy before Gerardo Parra 's base hit to start the eighth	True
Lincecum had allowed only a fifth-inning single to Chad Tracy before Gerardo Parra 's base hit to start the eighth . After a walk to Tracy , Bochy turned to reliever Bob Howry . Stephen Drew later drove in Arizona 's first run on an RBI single off Dan Runzler , who then gave up Justin Upton 's two - run single . Diamondbacks manager A. J. Hinch and pitching coach Mel Stottlemyre Jr. were ejected in the bottom of the fourth	True
It was the first career ejection for Stottlemyre . Crew chief Dana DeMuth said after the game both were warned several times before being ejected . Haren struck out the side in order in the third	True
What a much-needed boost heading home for a huge series with the first-place New York Mets this weekend . Howard snapped a career-high 65 at-bat homerless streak in the fifth	True
Lincecum , the two - time reigning NL Cy Young Award winner , struck out 11 in outdueling Cole Hamels and was poised to win his fifth straight start to begin the year until closer Brian Wilson blew it . Nate Schierholtz had an RBI double in the bottom of the 11th	True
Nate Schierholtz had an RBI double in the bottom of the 11th for his career-high fifth hit but it was n't enough on a day the Giants stranded 16 baserunners . Ryan Madson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win despite allowing an RBI single to Andres Torres in the bottom of the 10th	False
Ryan Madson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win despite allowing an RBI single to Andres Torres in the bottom of the 10th , Torres ' third RBI of the game . Nelson Figueroa finished for his first career save . Schierholtz 's 11th-inning double moved Uribe -- aboard on a pinch-hit single -- to third	False
Ryan Madson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win despite allowing an RBI single to Andres Torres in the bottom of the 10th , Torres ' third RBI of the game . Nelson Figueroa finished for his first career save . Schierholtz 's 11th-inning double moved Uribe -- aboard on a pinch-hit single -- to third and brought up Eugenio Velez . He grounded into a fielder 's choice to first	False
Schierholtz 's 11th-inning double moved Uribe -- aboard on a pinch-hit single -- to third and brought up Eugenio Velez . He grounded into a fielder 's choice to first and Howard threw home to Schneider to save the tying run on a close call at the plate . The Phillies added an insurance run in the 11th	True
The Phillies added an insurance run in the 11th on Velez 's fielding error in left when he dropped a routine fly by Shane Victorino . Schneider scored for Philadelphia in the top of the 10th	False
Schneider scored for Philadelphia in the top of the 10th on a wild pitch . Sergio Romo ( 0 - 2 ) was the loser . The homer by Howard was just the second	False
The homer by Howard was just the second of the year allowed by Lincecum , and Howard 's three career clouts against the Giants ' ace are the most by anyone . Lincecum had thrown 98 pitches when he went out to start the ninth	True
The last thing Bochy wants to do is overwork his ace , and that 's how he defended the decision -- not to mention Wilson has been reliable lately . Lincecum and Hamels combined for 21 strikeouts . Torres drew a go-ahead , bases-loaded walk from Hamels in the sixth	True
The last thing Bochy wants to do is overwork his ace , and that 's how he defended the decision -- not to mention Wilson has been reliable lately . Lincecum and Hamels combined for 21 strikeouts . Torres drew a go-ahead , bases-loaded walk from Hamels in the sixth and also hit a tying RBI double in the fifth	True
Lincecum and Hamels combined for 21 strikeouts . Torres drew a go-ahead , bases-loaded walk from Hamels in the sixth and also hit a tying RBI double in the fifth , but the bullpen could n't keep a 4 - 1 lead . Lincecum struck out the side in the second	True
Lincecum and Hamels combined for 21 strikeouts . Torres drew a go-ahead , bases-loaded walk from Hamels in the sixth and also hit a tying RBI double in the fifth , but the bullpen could n't keep a 4 - 1 lead . Lincecum struck out the side in the second and reached double digits in strikeouts for the 21st time and the second	False
Lincecum and Hamels combined for 21 strikeouts . Torres drew a go-ahead , bases-loaded walk from Hamels in the sixth and also hit a tying RBI double in the fifth , but the bullpen could n't keep a 4 - 1 lead . Lincecum struck out the side in the second and reached double digits in strikeouts for the 21st time and the second this year . Hamels did so for the 13th time and first	False
Lincecum struck out the side in the second and reached double digits in strikeouts for the 21st time and the second this year . Hamels did so for the 13th time and first in 2010 . After Torres ' walk in the sixth	True
After Torres ' walk in the sixth , Edgar Renteria followed with a two - run single . Howard hit a two - out double to right in the seventh	True
The reigning NL champion Phillies avoided their first four - game skid since dropping four straight at Houston last Sept. 4 - 7 . They fell out of at least a share of first place in the NL East for the first time all season Tuesday night and wrapped up a disappointing 4 - 5 road trip . Lincecum retired the first 10 batters of the game before Placido Polanco lined a one - out single to right in the fourth	True
Atlanta has totaled 13 runs during a seven - game losing streak , the franchise 's worst since a 10-game skid in June 2006 . The Braves coughed up an early lead for the second straight game , 2 - 0 after three innings Tuesday and 3 - 0 after five on Monday . Derek Lowe ( 3 - 2 ) retired the first 10 batters before Ryan Ludwick homered and was chased in a four - run sixth	True
Derek Lowe ( 3 - 2 ) retired the first 10 batters before Ryan Ludwick homered and was chased in a four - run sixth that put St. Louis ahead 5 - 2 , falling to 1 - 7 with a 6.85 ERA against the Cardinals and 0 - 4 in four starts at new Busch Stadium . Cardinals manager Tony La Russa batted the pitcher eighth	False
Cardinals manager Tony La Russa batted the pitcher eighth for the first time since last July before the trade for Matt Holliday . He needed four pitchers to get out of the seventh inning as the Braves scored twice to cut the gap to 5 - 4 before Jason Heyward took a called third strike from Trever Miller with the bases loaded . Carpenter ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings , beating the Braves for the first time since 2006 and raising his career mark against them to 3 - 2 . Melky Cabrera and Lowe had run-scoring singles in the second	True
Cardinals manager Tony La Russa batted the pitcher eighth for the first time since last July before the trade for Matt Holliday . He needed four pitchers to get out of the seventh inning as the Braves scored twice to cut the gap to 5 - 4 before Jason Heyward took a called third strike from Trever Miller with the bases loaded . Carpenter ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings , beating the Braves for the first time since 2006 and raising his career mark against them to 3 - 2 . Melky Cabrera and Lowe had run-scoring singles in the second , the latter Lowe 's 16th career RBI , but the Braves ' only other hit against Carpenter was an infield hit by Brian McCann to start the sixth	True
Molina 's two - run single put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 2 and knocked out Lowe . Molina 's RBI double broke an eighth-inning tie in a 4 - 3 victory Monday and he 's 2 - for - 2 with six RBIs with the bases loaded after going 1 - for - 15 last year . Blake Hawksworth 's throwing error to the plate on Martin Prado 's tapper with two men on led to two unearned runs in the seventh	True
Molina 's two - run single put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 2 and knocked out Lowe . Molina 's RBI double broke an eighth-inning tie in a 4 - 3 victory Monday and he 's 2 - for - 2 with six RBIs with the bases loaded after going 1 - for - 15 last year . Blake Hawksworth 's throwing error to the plate on Martin Prado 's tapper with two men on led to two unearned runs in the seventh for the Braves , who added Jones ' RBI infield hit . Jason Motte got the last five outs for his first save of the season and second	False
Closer Ryan Franklin did not warm up after getting saves the previous two games , leaving it to the hard-throwing right-hander who lost the closer job after one failure last season . Ludwick hit his fourth homer just inside the left field foul pole in the fourth	True
Closer Ryan Franklin did not warm up after getting saves the previous two games , leaving it to the hard-throwing right-hander who lost the closer job after one failure last season . Ludwick hit his fourth homer just inside the left field foul pole in the fourth and added an RBI double in the sixth	True
At 35 , Hernandez continues to excel after struggling last year . So do the Nationals , who at 11 - 10 matched their best start since 2005 . Ian Desmond delivered a pair of RBI singles -- one during a two - run first	True
At 35 , Hernandez continues to excel after struggling last year . So do the Nationals , who at 11 - 10 matched their best start since 2005 . Ian Desmond delivered a pair of RBI singles -- one during a two - run first and one in the eighth	True
Hernandez did not allow an extra-base hit while outpitching Tom Gorzelanny ( 0 - 3 ) and continued to put aside last season 's misery , when he was 9 - 12 with a 5.44 ERA for the Mets and Nationals . This year ? He has allowed three runs in four starts , and he kept the Cubs off balance with a heavy sinker . He left after Ryan Theriot led off the eighth	True
He left after Ryan Theriot led off the eighth with a single down the right-field line . Tyler Clippard came in and walked Kosuke Fukudome on a 3 - 2 pitch before Derrek Lee popped out . Marlon Byrd then grounded to second	False
He left after Ryan Theriot led off the eighth with a single down the right-field line . Tyler Clippard came in and walked Kosuke Fukudome on a 3 - 2 pitch before Derrek Lee popped out . Marlon Byrd then grounded to second on a 3 - 1 count , putting runners on second	False
He left after Ryan Theriot led off the eighth with a single down the right-field line . Tyler Clippard came in and walked Kosuke Fukudome on a 3 - 2 pitch before Derrek Lee popped out . Marlon Byrd then grounded to second on a 3 - 1 count , putting runners on second and third	False
He left after Ryan Theriot led off the eighth with a single down the right-field line . Tyler Clippard came in and walked Kosuke Fukudome on a 3 - 2 pitch before Derrek Lee popped out . Marlon Byrd then grounded to second on a 3 - 1 count , putting runners on second and third , and Aramis Ramirez bounced to first	False
Tyler Clippard came in and walked Kosuke Fukudome on a 3 - 2 pitch before Derrek Lee popped out . Marlon Byrd then grounded to second on a 3 - 1 count , putting runners on second and third , and Aramis Ramirez bounced to first to end the inning . Matt Capps allowed a two - out single to Geovany Soto in the ninth	True
Matt Capps allowed a two - out single to Geovany Soto in the ninth before striking out pinch-hitter Tyler Colvin for his major league leading ninth save in as many chances . That snapped the Cubs ' four - game win streak . Gorzelanny lasted seven innings in his longest start this season , allowing two runs and five hits . He settled down after a rough first	True
They got triples from two of the first three batters , with Nyjer Morgan driving one to left-center leading off and scoring on a single by Desmond . Guzman then knocked a low slider over center fielder Byrd 's head for another triple that made it 2 - 0 . The Cubs cut it to 2 - 1 in the second	True
They got triples from two of the first three batters , with Nyjer Morgan driving one to left-center leading off and scoring on a single by Desmond . Guzman then knocked a low slider over center fielder Byrd 's head for another triple that made it 2 - 0 . The Cubs cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on back-to-back singles by Alfonso Soriano and Mike Fontenot that put runners on first	False
They got triples from two of the first three batters , with Nyjer Morgan driving one to left-center leading off and scoring on a single by Desmond . Guzman then knocked a low slider over center fielder Byrd 's head for another triple that made it 2 - 0 . The Cubs cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on back-to-back singles by Alfonso Soriano and Mike Fontenot that put runners on first and third	False
The Nationals backed him with several highlight reel defensive plays on Tuesday , robbing Lee three times . Third baseman Alberto Gonzalez dove to his left to snag Lee 's liner in the first	True
The Nationals backed him with several highlight reel defensive plays on Tuesday , robbing Lee three times . Third baseman Alberto Gonzalez dove to his left to snag Lee 's liner in the first . In the third	True
The Nationals backed him with several highlight reel defensive plays on Tuesday , robbing Lee three times . Third baseman Alberto Gonzalez dove to his left to snag Lee 's liner in the first . In the third , it was Desmond taking away a hit when the shortstop made a diving stop on a grounder toward the middle and , from his stomach , flipped to Guzman at second	False
The Nationals backed him with several highlight reel defensive plays on Tuesday , robbing Lee three times . Third baseman Alberto Gonzalez dove to his left to snag Lee 's liner in the first . In the third , it was Desmond taking away a hit when the shortstop made a diving stop on a grounder toward the middle and , from his stomach , flipped to Guzman at second to force Fukudome . Then , in the sixth	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi knew who was to blame for the decision that led to Kendry Morales ' three - run homer in the seventh inning . New York was trailing 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi knew who was to blame for the decision that led to Kendry Morales ' three - run homer in the seventh inning . New York was trailing 5 - 4 in the seventh , when Yankees catcher Francisco Cervelli was given the signal from the dugout to intentionally walk the switch-hitting Morales with first	False
New York had won its first five series , including a three - game set against the Angels in the Bronx , to tie the 1926 Yankees for the most consecutive series won by the franchise at the start of a season . Scott Kazmir ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two home runs -- including his third	False
Scott Kazmir ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two home runs -- including his third to Robinson Cano this season -- but got the win after allowing four runs , three hits and four walks in 5 1/3 innings . Javier Vazquez ( 1 - 3 ) threw 78 pitches in just 3 2/3 innings , giving up five runs , five hits and three walks . The 33-year-old right-hander has n't made it through the sixth	True
Javier Vazquez ( 1 - 3 ) threw 78 pitches in just 3 2/3 innings , giving up five runs , five hits and three walks . The 33-year-old right-hander has n't made it through the sixth in any of his four starts , surrendering 20 runs in 20 innings . Last year , Vazquez pitched at least six innings in 28 of his 32 starts with Atlanta . The Angels spotted the Yankees a 3 - 0 lead before Abreu launched a solo shot to right with two out in the third	True
Javier Vazquez ( 1 - 3 ) threw 78 pitches in just 3 2/3 innings , giving up five runs , five hits and three walks . The 33-year-old right-hander has n't made it through the sixth in any of his four starts , surrendering 20 runs in 20 innings . Last year , Vazquez pitched at least six innings in 28 of his 32 starts with Atlanta . The Angels spotted the Yankees a 3 - 0 lead before Abreu launched a solo shot to right with two out in the third . It was his 259th career homer and his 10th	False
The Angels spotted the Yankees a 3 - 0 lead before Abreu launched a solo shot to right with two out in the third . It was his 259th career homer and his 10th off Vazquez , the most he 's hit against any pitcher . The three - time defending AL West champions pulled ahead 5 - 3 in the fourth	False
Jorge Posada hit the next pitch into the trees behind the center field fence for his fourth homer to give the Yankees a 2 - 0 lead , and Cano stomped on the plate before heading to the dugout . Thames followed Posada 's fourth homer with a double , advanced on a sacrifice by Curtis Granderson and scored as Derek Jeter beat the relay to first base on a potential inning-ending double-play grounder to third	False
Jorge Posada hit the next pitch into the trees behind the center field fence for his fourth homer to give the Yankees a 2 - 0 lead , and Cano stomped on the plate before heading to the dugout . Thames followed Posada 's fourth homer with a double , advanced on a sacrifice by Curtis Granderson and scored as Derek Jeter beat the relay to first base on a potential inning-ending double-play grounder to third . Cano led off the sixth	True
Manager Ozzie Guillen , who gave the team encouragement after Wednesday 's loss , was not so kind after watching the last-place White Sox fall to 5 - 11 . Leading 2 - 0 in the third	True
Leading 2 - 0 in the third , Peavy loaded the bases by walking Jason Bartlett and Ben Zobrist and giving up Crawford 's single . After Pena walked to force in a run , Burrell 's two - out , two - run single gave Tampa Bay a 3 - 2 lead . Pena singled to open the fifth	True
Leading 2 - 0 in the third , Peavy loaded the bases by walking Jason Bartlett and Ben Zobrist and giving up Crawford 's single . After Pena walked to force in a run , Burrell 's two - out , two - run single gave Tampa Bay a 3 - 2 lead . Pena singled to open the fifth and went to third	False
Pena singled to open the fifth and went to third on B. J. Upton 's double . A walk to Burrell loaded the bases before Brignac 's two - run single chased Peavy . Randy Williams got Bartlett to pop out but gave up Crawford 's two - run double to make it 7 - 2 . Pena added a three - run double in the eighth	False
Paul Maholm pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jason Jaramillo had a three - run double and the Pirates completed a three - game sweep of close games by beating the slumping Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Sunday . Jay Bruce hit his first two homers of the season , solo shots in the fifth	True
Paul Maholm pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jason Jaramillo had a three - run double and the Pirates completed a three - game sweep of close games by beating the slumping Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Sunday . Jay Bruce hit his first two homers of the season , solo shots in the fifth off Maholm and the ninth	True
Paul Maholm pitched four - hit ball into the seventh inning , Jason Jaramillo had a three - run double and the Pirates completed a three - game sweep of close games by beating the slumping Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Sunday . Jay Bruce hit his first two homers of the season , solo shots in the fifth off Maholm and the ninth off Octavio Dotel , but the Reds lost their fifth	False
Delwyn Young , Lastings Milledge and Ryan Church singled around Garrett Jones ' walk , and Bobby Crosby was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded . Jaramillo , the backup catcher and one of four bench players in the lineup , followed by driving in his first three runs of the season with a double to left . On Tuesday , four of the five runs Arroyo allowed against Florida came in the fourth	True
On Tuesday , four of the five runs Arroyo allowed against Florida came in the fourth . The Reds came back to win that game 10 - 8 but have n't won since , scoring only 15 runs during the five consecutive losses . Arroyo gave up one run in 15 innings while beating the Pirates twice last season and had an 0.86 ERA in his last three starts against them . Dotel got his third save in four opportunities despite allowing Bruce 's second homer . Brendan Donnelly pitched a scoreless eighth	True
On Tuesday , four of the five runs Arroyo allowed against Florida came in the fourth . The Reds came back to win that game 10 - 8 but have n't won since , scoring only 15 runs during the five consecutive losses . Arroyo gave up one run in 15 innings while beating the Pirates twice last season and had an 0.86 ERA in his last three starts against them . Dotel got his third save in four opportunities despite allowing Bruce 's second homer . Brendan Donnelly pitched a scoreless eighth and Joel Hanrahan got the final out in the seventh	True
Hideki Matsui went 2 for 4 with two doubles and an RBI as Los Angeles improved to 6 - 7 after opening the season with six losses in eight games . The Angels swept a three - game series in Toronto for the first time since July 9 - 11 , 2004 . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) entered with a 6.94 ERA in two starts but was dominant against the Blue Jays , setting down 17 in a row before Adam Lind homered to right on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs in the ninth	True
Hideki Matsui went 2 for 4 with two doubles and an RBI as Los Angeles improved to 6 - 7 after opening the season with six losses in eight games . The Angels swept a three - game series in Toronto for the first time since July 9 - 11 , 2004 . Santana ( 1 - 2 ) entered with a 6.94 ERA in two starts but was dominant against the Blue Jays , setting down 17 in a row before Adam Lind homered to right on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs in the ninth , his third	False
Santana ( 1 - 2 ) entered with a 6.94 ERA in two starts but was dominant against the Blue Jays , setting down 17 in a row before Adam Lind homered to right on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs in the ninth , his third . The next batter , Vernon Wells , ended it with a fly to center . Santana allowed four hits , walked none and struck out six . He needed just five pitches to retire the side in the sixth	True
Santana allowed four hits , walked none and struck out six . He needed just five pitches to retire the side in the sixth . The only blemish was the changeup that Lind homered on in the ninth	True
The only blemish was the changeup that Lind homered on in the ninth , the ninth pitch of the at bat . Toronto left-hander Ricky Romero , who took a no-hitter into the eighth	True
The only blemish was the changeup that Lind homered on in the ninth , the ninth pitch of the at bat . Toronto left-hander Ricky Romero , who took a no-hitter into the eighth in his last start , did n't give up a hit through the first three innings in this one , but allowed the leadoff man to reach safely in the fourth	True
The only blemish was the changeup that Lind homered on in the ninth , the ninth pitch of the at bat . Toronto left-hander Ricky Romero , who took a no-hitter into the eighth in his last start , did n't give up a hit through the first three innings in this one , but allowed the leadoff man to reach safely in the fourth , fifth	True
The only blemish was the changeup that Lind homered on in the ninth , the ninth pitch of the at bat . Toronto left-hander Ricky Romero , who took a no-hitter into the eighth in his last start , did n't give up a hit through the first three innings in this one , but allowed the leadoff man to reach safely in the fourth , fifth and sixth	True
Toronto left-hander Ricky Romero , who took a no-hitter into the eighth in his last start , did n't give up a hit through the first three innings in this one , but allowed the leadoff man to reach safely in the fourth , fifth and sixth . Romero escaped the first two times but paid the price after Erick Aybar doubled to lead off the sixth	True
Romero ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings . He walked two and struck out six . Matsui doubled to begin the ninth	True
Matsui doubled to begin the ninth against Scott Downs and was replaced by pinch-runner Mike Napoli . Kendry Morales followed with a hard grounder that went through the legs of first baseman Lyle Overbay , scoring Napoli . Morales took second	False
Morales took second on the throw to the plate and scored when Mathis followed with a double , extending his hitting streak to a career-high nine games . Outfielder Fred Lewis made his first start since joining Toronto in Thursday 's trade with San Francisco . Lewis hit a two - out double in the third	True
Morales took second on the throw to the plate and scored when Mathis followed with a double , extending his hitting streak to a career-high nine games . Outfielder Fred Lewis made his first start since joining Toronto in Thursday 's trade with San Francisco . Lewis hit a two - out double in the third and stole third	False
It 's easy to see why Guillen would feel that way . The White Sox were five outs away from a comeback win before everything fell apart , dropping Chicago to 4 - 8 . Asdrubal Cabrera homered with one out in the eighth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera homered with one out in the eighth off starter Jake Peavy to tie the game . Left-hander Matt Thornton ( 1 - 1 ) came on to face two left-handed hitters , but retired neither . Grady Sizemore singled to center and scored easily when Shin-Soo Choo lined a 1 - 2 pitch to the wall in left-center for a double . Jensen Lewis ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera homered with one out in the eighth off starter Jake Peavy to tie the game . Left-hander Matt Thornton ( 1 - 1 ) came on to face two left-handed hitters , but retired neither . Grady Sizemore singled to center and scored easily when Shin-Soo Choo lined a 1 - 2 pitch to the wall in left-center for a double . Jensen Lewis ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth . Chris Perez worked the ninth	True
The Indians allowed any fan with a ticket from the Cavaliers-Bulls NBA playoff game , played next door at Quicken Loans Arena , to watch the conclusion of the baseball game for $ 5 . The attendance was announced at 12,885 , including 1,107 from the basketball game . From a pitching standpoint , the game had gone perfectly into the eighth	True
Perez pitched a perfect ninth filling in as closer for the injured Kerry Wood . Perez had struggled in his last two outings , blowing a save on Sunday and failing to retire any of the three batters he faced in Monday 's home opener . Jake Westbrook took a two - hit shutout into the sixth	True
Perez pitched a perfect ninth filling in as closer for the injured Kerry Wood . Perez had struggled in his last two outings , blowing a save on Sunday and failing to retire any of the three batters he faced in Monday 's home opener . Jake Westbrook took a two - hit shutout into the sixth , but Mark Teahen drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
Perez pitched a perfect ninth filling in as closer for the injured Kerry Wood . Perez had struggled in his last two outings , blowing a save on Sunday and failing to retire any of the three batters he faced in Monday 's home opener . Jake Westbrook took a two - hit shutout into the sixth , but Mark Teahen drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's double . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Perez pitched a perfect ninth filling in as closer for the injured Kerry Wood . Perez had struggled in his last two outings , blowing a save on Sunday and failing to retire any of the three batters he faced in Monday 's home opener . Jake Westbrook took a two - hit shutout into the sixth , but Mark Teahen drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's double . The White Sox had runners on first and third	False
Jake Westbrook took a two - hit shutout into the sixth , but Mark Teahen drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's double . The White Sox had runners on first and third with one out , but Carlos Quentin hit into a double play . Chicago took the lead in the seventh	False
Jake Westbrook took a two - hit shutout into the sixth , but Mark Teahen drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Alexei Ramirez 's double . The White Sox had runners on first and third with one out , but Carlos Quentin hit into a double play . Chicago took the lead in the seventh . Andruw Jones started the rally with a one - out single and took second	False
Ryan Theriot bunted in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning , and Derrek Lee capped a six - run uprising with a three - run homer that sent the Cubs to a 7 - 2 victory over the scuffling Houston Astros on Friday . Theriot was retired easily his first three at-bats before coming to the plate with the bases loaded and one out in the seventh	True
Acquired in December from Seattle for Milton Bradley , the ineffective and injury-prone Silva had been a $ 48 million flop in two seasons with the Mariners . Silva helped himself in the first inning with a run-scoring double -- his first double and his first RBI since Aug. 25 , 2003 , when he was with Philadelphia . It was just his fourth career hit and first	False
Byrd started the seventh inning with a double off Felipe Paulino ( 0 - 1 ) and scored on Alfonso Soriano 's double . Paulino then walked the bases loaded , leading to the cascade of runs . `` One inning , '' lamented Paulino , who had allowed only four hits entering the seventh	True
`` One inning , '' lamented Paulino , who had allowed only four hits entering the seventh . `` I just have to keep working , forget about it and go forward . '' Carlos Lee singled in the sixth	True
Carlos Lee singled in the sixth to snap a career-worst 0 - for - 18 slump , but Houston 's $ 100 million cleanup hitter -- who has averaged 109 RBIs the last seven seasons -- is still hitting just .103 and has yet to drive in a run . Soriano in left field and third baseman Aramis Ramirez robbed Lee of hits his first two times up , and he was visibly frustrated after striking out in the eighth	True
LOS ANGELES -- Andre Ethier 's first walkoff hit of the season was a fitting climax to a grueling three - game series that lasted about as long as two coast-to-coast flights . Arizona shortstop Stephen Drew 's wild throw over the first-base dugout gave Los Angeles the tying run with two outs in the ninth	True
Manny Ramirez hit a two - out RBI single to make it 5 - 4 and came home on the error before the Dodgers captured the rubber game of the series . Ethier drove a pitch from Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 1 ) over Young , who was playing in shallow center with runners on second	False
Manny Ramirez hit a two - out RBI single to make it 5 - 4 and came home on the error before the Dodgers captured the rubber game of the series . Ethier drove a pitch from Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 1 ) over Young , who was playing in shallow center with runners on second and third	False
Ethier drove a pitch from Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 1 ) over Young , who was playing in shallow center with runners on second and third for the 10th winning hit of his career . Six came last season . Blake DeWitt led off the 10th	True
Blake DeWitt led off the 10th with a single and advanced on Rafael Furcal 's sacrifice bunt before Matt Kemp was intentionally walked . Both advanced on a wild pitch before Ethier 's hit . Jonathan Broxton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Jonathan Broxton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th . Upton hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth	True
Upton hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth off overworked Dodgers reliever Jeff Weaver , giving Arizona a 4 - 3 lead after Aaron Heilman blew a 3 - 1 lead he inherited from Dan Haren . Manager Joe Torre was planning on resting Weaver for a second straight day after he pitched in six of the Dodgers ' first seven games . Arizona made it 5 - 3 in the ninth	True
Haren was charged with two runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings and struck out seven . The three - time All-Star was pulled by manager A. J. Hinch with a 3 - 1 lead after 121 pitches -- four more than his season high in 33 starts last year . Heilman came on and threw a wild pitch that let Ronnie Belliard go to second	False
Lewis began his career with Texas from 2002 - 04 , had shoulder problems and was waived . He moved on to Detroit and Oakland , then spent the past two seasons with Hiroshima of Japan 's Central League , where he went 26 - 17 with a 2.82 ERA in 55 games . He re-signed with the Rangers on Jan. 19 and made his first major league start since May 22 , 2007 , for the Athletics . Lewis admitted he was tentative in the first	True
Lewis admitted he was tentative in the first few innings , but his confidence grew . Trailing 5 - 1 , the Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
The Mariners , hitting .199 as a team , were 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . Nelson Cruz homered for the third time in four games , had three hits and drove in a pair of runs for the Rangers , who evened their record at 2 - 2 . Vladimir Guerrero keyed a four - run sixth	True
The Mariners , hitting .199 as a team , were 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . Nelson Cruz homered for the third time in four games , had three hits and drove in a pair of runs for the Rangers , who evened their record at 2 - 2 . Vladimir Guerrero keyed a four - run sixth with an RBI double . He has had multiple hits in each of Texas ' four games , a first	False
Jason Vargas ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mariners . Casey Kotchman homered for Seattle . Kotchman 's RBI groundout put Seattle ahead in the first following Suzuki 's leadoff double , and Cruz 's homered tied the score in the fourth	True
Kotchman 's RBI groundout put Seattle ahead in the first following Suzuki 's leadoff double , and Cruz 's homered tied the score in the fourth . Josh Hamilton walked in the sixth	True
Kotchman 's RBI groundout put Seattle ahead in the first following Suzuki 's leadoff double , and Cruz 's homered tied the score in the fourth . Josh Hamilton walked in the sixth and scored on Guerrero 's double for a 2 - 1 lead . Cruz followed with an RBI single , Joaquin Arias singled off Shawn Kelley for a 4 - 1 lead and Elvis Andrus added an RBI single . Hamilton made it 6 - 1 with an RBI double in the seventh	False
Josh Hamilton walked in the sixth and scored on Guerrero 's double for a 2 - 1 lead . Cruz followed with an RBI single , Joaquin Arias singled off Shawn Kelley for a 4 - 1 lead and Elvis Andrus added an RBI single . Hamilton made it 6 - 1 with an RBI double in the seventh . Kotchman homered in the eighth	False
Kotchman homered in the eighth against Chris Ray . Former Ranger Milton Bradley went 0 for 4 for the Mariners and is hitting .059 on the season . After popping out in the eighth	True
Former Ranger Milton Bradley went 0 for 4 for the Mariners and is hitting .059 on the season . After popping out in the eighth , he glared for about 10 seconds at fans who were jeering him behind the visitor 's dugout . When he was asked if he knew about Bradley flipping off fans down the left field line after making a catch in the fourth	True
Edgar Renteria tied a career high with five hits to help the Giants to a 3 - 0 record for the first time since 2003 , when they began with a sweep at San Diego and won seven straight . Houston last started 0 - 3 in 2007 . It was 4-all when Juan Uribe doubled in the eighth inning and scored the go-ahead run when Sammy Gervacio ( 0 - 1 ) threw away a bunt . The Giants added another run in the inning , then scored four times in the ninth	True
Rowand , the Giants ' leadoff man , and Renteria , the No . 2 hitter , each drove in two runs . Uribe made it 5 - 4 when he scooted home after Gervacio overthrew third base on a sacrifice by Eli Whiteside . Rowand had an RBI single later in the eighth	True
Uribe made it 5 - 4 when he scooted home after Gervacio overthrew third base on a sacrifice by Eli Whiteside . Rowand had an RBI single later in the eighth . Uribe hit an RBI double to highlight the ninth	True
Uribe hit an RBI double to highlight the ninth . The Astros scored three runs in the seventh	True
Bourn is optimistic that the Astros will get on track in their next series which starts Friday against the Phillies . Bowker 's two - run homer that landed in the bullpen in right-center field in the second	True
Bowker 's two - run homer that landed in the bullpen in right-center field in the second . It was his first career hit against Myers after striking out in his previous three at-bats against him . The Giants pushed the lead to 3 - 0 in the third	True
The Giants pushed the lead to 3 - 0 in the third when Renteria scored as Mark DeRosa grounded into a double play . Pedro Feliz doubled twice for the Astros , including an RBI hit in the fourth	True
Tyson Ross pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings and struck out Ken Griffey Jr. in his major league debut to help the Oakland Athletics rally behind a pair of RBI doubles by Suzuki to beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 5 on Wednesday night . But this season-opening series has n't provided those types of games , with all three contests heading into the ninth	True
Ross , who went to high school in Oakland and college at UC Berkeley , came into this game to relieve Duchscherer with two outs in the sixth inning . He struck out Rob Johnson to begin his career , keeping the Mariners ' lead at 5 - 4 . After Suzuki tied the game in the seventh	True
Ross , who went to high school in Oakland and college at UC Berkeley , came into this game to relieve Duchscherer with two outs in the sixth inning . He struck out Rob Johnson to begin his career , keeping the Mariners ' lead at 5 - 4 . After Suzuki tied the game in the seventh with his first double , Ross struck out Griffey in the eighth	True
After Suzuki tied the game in the seventh with his first double , Ross struck out Griffey in the eighth to help set the stage for the winning rally . With Kevin Kouzmanoff running from first	False
After Suzuki tied the game in the seventh with his first double , Ross struck out Griffey in the eighth to help set the stage for the winning rally . With Kevin Kouzmanoff running from first with one out in the ninth	True
With Kevin Kouzmanoff running from first with one out in the ninth , Suzuki hit a drive to the wall in left field off Mark Lowe ( 0 - 1 ) . Milton Bradley reached up to try to make the catch , but the ball appeared to glance off his glove and hit off the wall . As the ball rolled away , Kouzmanoff raced around to score easily on Suzuki 's seventh career game-ending hit . That provided a happy ending to a night that began with the return of Duchscherer to the mound . Duchscherer missed all of last season while recovering from elbow surgery and dealing with a bout of clinical depression . He pitched into the sixth	True
That provided a happy ending to a night that began with the return of Duchscherer to the mound . Duchscherer missed all of last season while recovering from elbow surgery and dealing with a bout of clinical depression . He pitched into the sixth in his first appearance in nearly 20 months and ended up with a no-decision . Jerry Blevins ( 1 - 0 ) got the final out of the ninth	True
Bradley earlier hit a two - run homer for his first hit with the Mariners . Rajai Davis hit a solo shot for Oakland . After giving up Bradley 's homer in the first inning , Duchscherer retired nine straight batters starting in the second	True
Bradley earlier hit a two - run homer for his first hit with the Mariners . Rajai Davis hit a solo shot for Oakland . After giving up Bradley 's homer in the first inning , Duchscherer retired nine straight batters starting in the second and took a 3 - 2 lead into the fifth	True
Bradley earlier hit a two - run homer for his first hit with the Mariners . Rajai Davis hit a solo shot for Oakland . After giving up Bradley 's homer in the first inning , Duchscherer retired nine straight batters starting in the second and took a 3 - 2 lead into the fifth after an error by right fielder Ichiro Suzuki allowed a run to score in the fourth	True
After giving up Bradley 's homer in the first inning , Duchscherer retired nine straight batters starting in the second and took a 3 - 2 lead into the fifth after an error by right fielder Ichiro Suzuki allowed a run to score in the fourth . Franklin Gutierrez started a rally for Seattle when he singled and advanced to second	False
Franklin Gutierrez started a rally for Seattle when he singled and advanced to second on one of Duchscherer 's two wild pitches in the game . Jack Wilson tied the game with a one - out single and later scored the go-ahead run on a sacrifice fly by Chone Figgins . After the A 's tied the game in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Daric Barton , the Mariners took the lead for good in the sixth	True
Franklin Gutierrez started a rally for Seattle when he singled and advanced to second on one of Duchscherer 's two wild pitches in the game . Jack Wilson tied the game with a one - out single and later scored the go-ahead run on a sacrifice fly by Chone Figgins . After the A 's tied the game in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Daric Barton , the Mariners took the lead for good in the sixth when Jose Lopez singled with two outs , went to second	False
Andrew Bailey got the final four outs for his 11th save . The win was Oakland 's third	False
Andrew Bailey got the final four outs for his 11th save . The win was Oakland 's third of the four - game series and fifth	False
Justin Verlander ( 5 - 4 ) took his second straight loss , giving up three runs on six hits and a walk in seven innings . He struck out eight . Verlander appeared out of rhythm when the game finally began , allowing hits to the first three batters . Rajai Davis led off with a single and scored on Daric Barton 's double . Barton took third	False
Verlander , though , did n't want to blame the delay for the way he began the game . He has struggled with the first inning all season , allowing a .370 batting average . Detroit nearly got on the board in the fourth	True
Kouzmanoff 's single broke a 0 - for - 14 slump . Austin Jackson pulled the Tigers within 3 - 1 with a two - out , pinch-hit single in the seventh	True
Kouzmanoff 's single broke a 0 - for - 14 slump . Austin Jackson pulled the Tigers within 3 - 1 with a two - out , pinch-hit single in the seventh , but Oakland added a fourth run in the eighth	False
Granderson singled , and a wild pitch allowed him and pinch-runner Ramiro Pena to take a base , leading to an intentional walk of Teixeira . Cleveland starter Mitch Talbot ( 6 - 4 ) left with the Indians trailing only 2 - 1 . He held down the Yankees ' lineup , but the Indians could n't get anything going against Pettitte ( 7 - 1 ) , and by the time they came back up again in the top of the eighth	True
Rodriguez worked a 3 - 1 count before launching a no-doubter to straightaway center field off Chris Perez , and , after Rodriguez took a curtain call on a sunny Memorial Day afternoon , Robinson Cano followed with a solo shot . He later added a two - run single that glanced off the heel of first baseman Matt LaPorta . Rodriguez , who drove in six runs , has 20 grand slams , third	False
Rodriguez worked a 3 - 1 count before launching a no-doubter to straightaway center field off Chris Perez , and , after Rodriguez took a curtain call on a sunny Memorial Day afternoon , Robinson Cano followed with a solo shot . He later added a two - run single that glanced off the heel of first baseman Matt LaPorta . Rodriguez , who drove in six runs , has 20 grand slams , third in baseball history behind Lou Gehrig ( 23 ) and Manny Ramirez ( 21 ) . He hit an RBI single in the first	True
Rodriguez worked a 3 - 1 count before launching a no-doubter to straightaway center field off Chris Perez , and , after Rodriguez took a curtain call on a sunny Memorial Day afternoon , Robinson Cano followed with a solo shot . He later added a two - run single that glanced off the heel of first baseman Matt LaPorta . Rodriguez , who drove in six runs , has 20 grand slams , third in baseball history behind Lou Gehrig ( 23 ) and Manny Ramirez ( 21 ) . He hit an RBI single in the first and added an RBI double in the eighth	True
The Yankees scored 15 runs in the seventh innings of their three wins in the four - game series , while the Indians scored seven runs in the seventh inning of their win . Mark Grudzielanek 's single with one out in the third gave Cleveland its last baserunner until Travis Hafner worked a full-count walk with two outs in the ninth	True
Baffling ? The Cubs think so . For now , manager Lou Piniella plans to give a slumping Derrek Lee the day off Tuesday , the same tactic that did n't work Monday with Ryan Theriot . Theriot , who entered during a double switch in the eighth	True
For most of the season , the Pirates -- who were a season-low 11 games below .500 before winning -- have felt the same way . They won despite scoring three runs or fewer for the 11th time in 12 games . Jones ' ninth homer of the season tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
For most of the season , the Pirates -- who were a season-low 11 games below .500 before winning -- have felt the same way . They won despite scoring three runs or fewer for the 11th time in 12 games . Jones ' ninth homer of the season tied it at 1 in the sixth , and he doubled leading off the eighth	False
Jones ' ninth homer of the season tied it at 1 in the sixth , and he doubled leading off the eighth against reliever Sean Marshall ( 5 - 2 ) . After Lastings Milledge grounded out and Ryan Doumit was intentionally walked , Crosby lined a 3 - 2 pitch by Marshall into center field to score Jones . Evan Meek ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Pirates starter Ross Ohlendorf , 0 - 3 this season and winless in 10 starts since Aug. 18 , also pitched effectively . He struck out six and walked two while allowing three hits over seven innings , and a mixup by the Pirates ' outfield led to the only run he allowed . Soriano tripled into the left-center gap with one out in the second	True
Soriano tripled into the left-center gap with one out in the second on a fly ball that center fielder Andrew McCutchen was in position to catch , before he pulled up at the last moment to avoid colliding with left fielder Ryan Church . Soriano , who came in batting .211 in his previous 12 games , then scored on Geovany Soto 's grounder . Despite the Soriano fly ball misplay , McCutchen roamed far to his right to slide on his left hip and catch Soriano 's line drive in the sixth inning . In the eighth	True
Soriano tripled into the left-center gap with one out in the second on a fly ball that center fielder Andrew McCutchen was in position to catch , before he pulled up at the last moment to avoid colliding with left fielder Ryan Church . Soriano , who came in batting .211 in his previous 12 games , then scored on Geovany Soto 's grounder . Despite the Soriano fly ball misplay , McCutchen roamed far to his right to slide on his left hip and catch Soriano 's line drive in the sixth inning . In the eighth , third baseman Andy LaRoche likely prevented a run from scoring by making an excellent play on Mike Fontenot 's two - out grounder with a runner on third	False
Pujols hit three long balls and Adam Wainwright pitched seven impressive innings , leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 9 - 1 win over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday . Pujols homered in the first	True
Pujols hit three long balls and Adam Wainwright pitched seven impressive innings , leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 9 - 1 win over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday . Pujols homered in the first , fifth	True
Cubs starter Ryan Dempster ( 3 - 5 ) allowed six runs on nine hits . He struck out seven , walked three on 125 pitches . With two outs in the first	True
`` The first one he hits , it happens , but the second home run he fouled off a lot of really , really , really good pitches leading up to that , then I hung a slider right over the middle of the plate and he hit it off the firehouse across the street , said Dempster . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , Pujols pulled Dempster 's two - out , 3 - 2 pitch just inside the left-field foul pole and onto Waveland to give St. Louis a 4 - 0 lead . It was Pujols ' third multihomer game of the season and 36th overall and he is just one game behind Stan Musial for most in club history . Pujols ' third home run of the game came off John Grabow in the ninth	True
In the fifth , Pujols pulled Dempster 's two - out , 3 - 2 pitch just inside the left-field foul pole and onto Waveland to give St. Louis a 4 - 0 lead . It was Pujols ' third multihomer game of the season and 36th overall and he is just one game behind Stan Musial for most in club history . Pujols ' third home run of the game came off John Grabow in the ninth . He hit a 1 - 2 pitch to straightaway center for his 12th	False
Pujols ' third home run of the game came off John Grabow in the ninth . He hit a 1 - 2 pitch to straightaway center for his 12th of the season . After Holliday singled , Freese hit his fourth home run of the season . Geovany Soto homered in the seventh	True
Geovany Soto homered in the seventh for the Cubs , who finished a six - game homestand 3 - 3 . In the second inning with two outs , Aramis Ramirez tried to score from second	False
In the second inning with two outs , Aramis Ramirez tried to score from second on Starlin Castro 's single , but center fielder Jon Jay threw out Ramirez at the plate . The Cubs had another scoring chance spoiled in the fourth	True
Daric Barton hit a two - run homer for Oakland . Dallas Braden ( 4 - 5 ) allowed five runs and 11 hits in six innings . Detroit scored single runs in the first four innings and five of the first six . Cabrera doubled in a run in the third	True
Daric Barton hit a two - run homer for Oakland . Dallas Braden ( 4 - 5 ) allowed five runs and 11 hits in six innings . Detroit scored single runs in the first four innings and five of the first six . Cabrera doubled in a run in the third and hit a three - run shot in the Tigers ' five - run eighth	True
Scherzer ( 2 - 4 ) struck out seven in the first three innings . Jack Cust got Oakland 's first hit in the fourth -- a one - out double that just eluded left fielder Ryan Raburn -- but Scherzer threw a called third strike past Mark Ellis and got Gabe Gross swinging to end the threat . Scherzer struck out the first two batters of the sixth	True
Scherzer struck out the first two batters of the sixth , then narrowly missed on a 3 - 2 pitch to Cust . He then hit Ellis with his 113th pitch and was removed by manager Jim Leyland . The crowd of 32,510 saluted Scherzer 's effort with a standing ovation . Phil Coke struck out Jake Fox to end the inning but gave up Barton 's third homer in the seventh	True
Phil Coke struck out Jake Fox to end the inning but gave up Barton 's third homer in the seventh . Detroit put the game away with five runs off Vin Mazzaro in the eighth	True
The 6-foot-9 right-hander limited the White Sox to singles by Alex Rios and Gordon Beckham before giving up a homer to Mark Teahen , leading off the eighth inning . Niemann ( 5 - 0 ) walked three and struck out five before Randy Choate and Dan Wheeler finished the four - hitter with a scoreless ninth	True
Niemann ( 5 - 0 ) walked three and struck out five before Randy Choate and Dan Wheeler finished the four - hitter with a scoreless ninth . Crawford hit his fourth homer in the first inning and also drove in a run off Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 5 ) with a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Niemann ( 5 - 0 ) walked three and struck out five before Randy Choate and Dan Wheeler finished the four - hitter with a scoreless ninth . Crawford hit his fourth homer in the first inning and also drove in a run off Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 5 ) with a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Longoria 's solo shot off the Chicago starter put Tampa Bay ahead 3 - 0 in the sixth	True
This time , he mildly protested to umpire Eric Cooper that Teahen , the third baseman , had put a good tag on Rays runner Sean Rodriguez , who advanced on a pop fly that was caught in foul territory . Rodriguez scored , making it 2 - 0 , on Crawford 's sacrifice fly . Longoria 's 10th homer gave Niemann a three - run lead , and Blalock 's two - run single off Scott Linebrink made it 5 - 1 in the eighth	True
Kouzmanoff made sure all that good fortune did n't go to waste . Kouzmanoff doubled in three runs to cap a five - run eighth	True
Kouzmanoff doubled in three runs to cap a five - run eighth , and the Athletics defeated the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5 Thursday night for their second road series win . Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen took a two - hitter and a 5 - 2 lead into the eighth	True
Gabe Gross homered for the Athletics , who won the final two games of the three - game series . Oakland 's only other series win on the road came against the Los Angeles Angels on April 9 - 11 . Michael Wuertz ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh	True
Gabe Gross homered for the Athletics , who won the final two games of the three - game series . Oakland 's only other series win on the road came against the Los Angeles Angels on April 9 - 11 . Michael Wuertz ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh , Craig Breslow worked a perfect eighth	True
Afterward , Baltimore bemoaned the bounces that did n't go its way . As lightning bolts flashed around the stadium and thunder roared in the distance , the Orioles sandwiched two walks around a single by Adam Jones to load the bases with one out in the sixth	True
As lightning bolts flashed around the stadium and thunder roared in the distance , the Orioles sandwiched two walks around a single by Adam Jones to load the bases with one out in the sixth . Lou Montanez was thrown out at first base after tapping a slow grounder to the right side , but his second RBI of the season gave Baltimore a 3 - 2 lead . Tejada singled in a run in the seventh	True
Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez gave up three runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings . Half his six strikeouts came against Corey Patterson . Oakland went up 2 - 0 in the second	True
Oakland went up 2 - 0 in the second when Kouzmanoff walked and Gross hit a drive over the center-field wall to end his 52-game homerless drought . The Orioles tied it in the third	True
The Brewers , who avoided their longest skid at home in 14 years , had lost 11 of the past 13 overall , but the team was noticeably upbeat after a day off following a tough series in Minnesota , where they avoided a sweep Sunday . Braun started it with a two - run homer in the first	True
The Brewers , who avoided their longest skid at home in 14 years , had lost 11 of the past 13 overall , but the team was noticeably upbeat after a day off following a tough series in Minnesota , where they avoided a sweep Sunday . Braun started it with a two - run homer in the first , and Weeks ' two - run shot sealed it in the seventh	True
Houston starter Felipe Paulino ( 0 - 7 ) had his third quality start in his past four appearances , allowing only Braun 's 447-foot blast over six innings . Milwaukee tacked on four runs in the seventh	True
The NL-worst Astros came in hitting a majors-low .227 with the fewest home runs , extra-base hits and RBIs in baseball , and they continued to struggle at the plate . Houston had four singles in seven innings off Wolf , who faced a bases-loaded jam in the second	True
The NL-worst Astros came in hitting a majors-low .227 with the fewest home runs , extra-base hits and RBIs in baseball , and they continued to struggle at the plate . Houston had four singles in seven innings off Wolf , who faced a bases-loaded jam in the second after two walks , and a two - on and two - out situation in the seventh	True
The veteran left-hander became the first Brewers starter to pitch at least seven innings since May 1 . He was also one of the more unlikely candidates in recent weeks , going 1/3 with a 7.66 ERA in his first four May starts . Paulino allowed two runs over six innings , but the Astros gave a starter no run support for the 11th time this season to fall to 15 - 30 overall . They failed to score until Humberto Quintero 's one - out double in the ninth	True
Floyd ( 2 - 4 ) came in the game , allowing five runs or more in each of his last three starts , but he had his best outing of the season against the Marlins . He allowed just one run and six hits . Floyd was backed by a strong White Sox bullpen . J. J. Putz got two outs in the seventh	True
Floyd was backed by a strong White Sox bullpen . J. J. Putz got two outs in the seventh and Sergio Santos pitched a scoreless eighth inning . White Sox closer Bobby Jenks ended the game with a perfect ninth	True
Marlins starter Chris Volstad ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs over six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Gordon Beckham reached on an infield hit in the third inning and stole second	False
Marlins starter Chris Volstad ( 3 - 5 ) gave up three runs over six innings . He struck out four and walked three . Gordon Beckham reached on an infield hit in the third inning and stole second . After Beckham took third	False
Volstad hit Beckham with a pitch in the fifth inning , two outs later , Rios homered to left to put the White Sox ahead 3 - 0 . Chicago got an insurance run in the eighth	True
Heyward doubled twice and also hit his first major league triple . The rookie helped the Braves end Cincinnati 's four - game winning streak . Martin Prado singled with two outs in the ninth	True
Martin Prado singled with two outs in the ninth off Nick Masset ( 3 - 2 ) and scored on Heyward 's double to right field . The Reds , who lead the NL with 13 comeback wins , scored three runs in the eighth	True
Martin Prado singled with two outs in the ninth off Nick Masset ( 3 - 2 ) and scored on Heyward 's double to right field . The Reds , who lead the NL with 13 comeback wins , scored three runs in the eighth and tied it in the ninth	False
Martin Prado singled with two outs in the ninth off Nick Masset ( 3 - 2 ) and scored on Heyward 's double to right field . The Reds , who lead the NL with 13 comeback wins , scored three runs in the eighth and tied it in the ninth on pinch-hitter Chris Heisey 's leadoff homer against Wagner ( 4 - 0 ) . Wagner absorbed his second blown save in six chances but struck out Scott Rolen and Jay Bruce with runners on first	False
Martin Prado singled with two outs in the ninth off Nick Masset ( 3 - 2 ) and scored on Heyward 's double to right field . The Reds , who lead the NL with 13 comeback wins , scored three runs in the eighth and tied it in the ninth on pinch-hitter Chris Heisey 's leadoff homer against Wagner ( 4 - 0 ) . Wagner absorbed his second blown save in six chances but struck out Scott Rolen and Jay Bruce with runners on first and second	False
Martin Prado singled with two outs in the ninth off Nick Masset ( 3 - 2 ) and scored on Heyward 's double to right field . The Reds , who lead the NL with 13 comeback wins , scored three runs in the eighth and tied it in the ninth on pinch-hitter Chris Heisey 's leadoff homer against Wagner ( 4 - 0 ) . Wagner absorbed his second blown save in six chances but struck out Scott Rolen and Jay Bruce with runners on first and second to end the ninth	True
Braves manager Bobby Cox said `` Heyward comes through again . `` He hit that last one really hard . He hit it so hard I did n't know if [ Prado ] could score from first	False
Brian McCann hit a two - run homer in the first inning as Atlanta took a 3 - 0 lead off Aaron Harang . Chipper Jones drove in two runs with two hits . Rolen , who had three hits , hit a two - run double off Takashi Saito in the eighth	True
Back-to-back doubles by Heyward and Jones drove in the first Atlanta run before McCann 's homer . Harang did n't allow another run until the fifth	True
Harang did n't allow another run until the fifth , when Heyward tripled and scored on Jones ' single . Reds second baseman Brandon Phillips remained in the game after he was shaken up while making a diving catch on Prado 's short fly ball in shallow right field in the first	True
Pagan 's homer came in Washington 's third season at its ballpark . His second career inside-the-parker came on a drive off the center-field wall . Nyjer Morgan could n't make a leaping grab and Pagan scampered around the bases , sliding home safely ahead of a relay by shortstop Ian Desmond . When third base coach Chip Hale windmilled him around third	False
After making an earlier diving grab to rob Roger Bernadina of an extra-base hit , Pagan started the 10th triple play in Mets history . The Nationals put runners on first	False
After making an earlier diving grab to rob Roger Bernadina of an extra-base hit , Pagan started the 10th triple play in Mets history . The Nationals put runners on first and second	False
After making an earlier diving grab to rob Roger Bernadina of an extra-base hit , Pagan started the 10th triple play in Mets history . The Nationals put runners on first and second in the fifth	True
The Nationals put runners on first and second in the fifth and Cristian Guzman hit a sinking liner that Pagan rushed in to catch . The runners , expecting the ball to drop , kept going and Pagan overthrew second	False
The runners , expecting the ball to drop , kept going and Pagan overthrew second , his peg reaching home . Catcher Henry Blanco tossed the ball to shortstop Jose Reyes at second base to double off Livan Hernandez . Reyes relayed to first baseman Ike Davis to catch Morgan . Morgan , standing on second	False
Lost in Pagan 's twin feats was the end of Washington 's season-high five - game skid . The Nationals broke a 2-all tie with a three - run seventh	True
Guzman added an RBI triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Rookie Drew Storen ( 1 - 0 ) got the final two outs of the seventh	True
Rookie Drew Storen ( 1 - 0 ) got the final two outs of the seventh for his first major league victory . Matt Capps got the final three outs for his major league-leading 15th save despite allowing Fernando Tatis ' solo homer . Washington got to Mets starter R. A. Dickey , whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Buffalo before the game , for two runs in the fourth	True
The knuckleball specialist allowed singles to Guzman and Zimmerman before walking Adam Dunn to load the bases . Josh Willingham followed with a tying single and Bernadina had a sacrifice fly , with Pagan making a diving catch in left-center . The Mets tied it in the sixth	True
Johnson improved to 3 - 1 with a 1.00 ERA lifetime against Arizona . He struck out nine and walked two . Billy Buckner ( 0 - 1 ) made his season debut after being called up from Triple-A Reno . The 26-year-old righty , who is not related to the former big leaguer of the same name , was effective early before running into trouble in the fourth	True
Buckner hit Gaby Sanchez with a pitch and walked Brett Hayes with two outs to load the bases . Buckner then hit Barden with a pitch , too , giving the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Marlins added another run in the fifth	True
The Marlins added another run in the fifth on doubles by Uggla and Jorge Cantu off the left-field wall in nearly in the same location . Barden hit an RBI single off recently acquired Saul Rivera in the sixth	True
Coming off his shortest outing of the season -- 3 2/3 innings in his third consecutive loss at Minnesota on May 9 -- Matusz allowed at least one runner in every inning . The left-hander walked four and struck out six . Wigginton homered to left off Talbot , his team-high 11th	False
Coming off his shortest outing of the season -- 3 2/3 innings in his third consecutive loss at Minnesota on May 9 -- Matusz allowed at least one runner in every inning . The left-hander walked four and struck out six . Wigginton homered to left off Talbot , his team-high 11th , with one out in the second	True
Coming off his shortest outing of the season -- 3 2/3 innings in his third consecutive loss at Minnesota on May 9 -- Matusz allowed at least one runner in every inning . The left-hander walked four and struck out six . Wigginton homered to left off Talbot , his team-high 11th , with one out in the second for a 1 - 0 Baltimore lead . In the seventh	True
Coming off his shortest outing of the season -- 3 2/3 innings in his third consecutive loss at Minnesota on May 9 -- Matusz allowed at least one runner in every inning . The left-hander walked four and struck out six . Wigginton homered to left off Talbot , his team-high 11th , with one out in the second for a 1 - 0 Baltimore lead . In the seventh , Wigginton connected again , ripping a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field stands for his third multihomer game this season and the 12th	False
Saunders posted his second career shutout and third complete game in 103 big league starts , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 4 - 0 victory over the AL West-rival Oakland Athletics on Friday night . Braden , who pitched the 19th perfect game in major league history Sunday against Tampa Bay , matched zeros with Saunders for five innings before Kendry Morales hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Braden , who pitched the 19th perfect game in major league history Sunday against Tampa Bay , matched zeros with Saunders for five innings before Kendry Morales hit an RBI single in the sixth and Hideki Matsui followed with a three - run homer . Braden gave up a two - out double in the first	True
Braden ( 4 - 3 ) gave up seven hits , struck out five and walked one . Abreu 's hit ended a string of 29 consecutive batters retired by the left-hander -- tying the Oakland record set by Catfish Hunter , who pitched a perfect game in 1968 against Minnesota . Erick Aybar led off the sixth	True
MILWAUKEE -- A week after Jamie Moyer became the oldest pitcher in history to throw a shutout , the 47-year-old passed another milestone in a victory -- 500 home runs allowed . Moyer overcame the three homers he gave up in the second	True
`` I do n't really keep track of it all , but you guys seem to be able to do a pretty good job of that . '' All joking aside , Moyer ( 5 - 2 ) continued his dazzling start , only struggling briefly when Prince Fielder , Jim Edmonds and George Kottaras all hit solo homers in the second	True
All joking aside , Moyer ( 5 - 2 ) continued his dazzling start , only struggling briefly when Prince Fielder , Jim Edmonds and George Kottaras all hit solo homers in the second to tie the game 3-all . That pushed Moyer to 501 home runs allowed , second	False
Moyer improved to 263 - 197 in his 24-year career for a .571 winning percentage that 's better than all of them . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer and Shane Victorino drove in two with a triple in the fourth	True
Moyer followed up his shutout last Friday by holding Milwaukee 's inconsistent offense to five runs . Fielder hit a 462-foot blast and Edmonds and Kottaras added homers in the second	True
Fielder hit a 462-foot blast and Edmonds and Kottaras added homers in the second , only the second time in the left-hander 's career he 'd allowed three homers in an inning , according to STATS LLC . Moyer went on to win that start on Sept. 9 , 2007 against the Marlins . Milwaukee 's sputtering offense that scores in bunches or not at all never figured him out again until chasing him with a single and two walks in the seventh	True
Moyer went on to win that start on Sept. 9 , 2007 against the Marlins . Milwaukee 's sputtering offense that scores in bunches or not at all never figured him out again until chasing him with a single and two walks in the seventh . Reliever David Herndon got a ground ball that could 've been an inning-ending double play , but Utley 's throw from second	False
Pittsburgh accounted for only one run and 10 hits in the series . Just like Cueto , Bailey took advantage of the aggressive Pirates batters , not going to a single three - ball count and throwing more than four pitches to a single batter just six times . Twenty-two of Bailey 's first 23 pitches were strikes . The longest at-bat of the game ? Opposing pitcher Zach Duke drawing eight pitches before striking out in the third	True
Ranked 28th in the majors in batting average entering the game , Pittsburgh was shut out for the fifth time in 34 games this season . Votto homered for the third time in his last five games -- his eighth	False
Ranked 28th in the majors in batting average entering the game , Pittsburgh was shut out for the fifth time in 34 games this season . Votto homered for the third time in his last five games -- his eighth of the season -- in the first	True
Votto homered for the third time in his last five games -- his eighth of the season -- in the first . Stubbs ' homer , his third	False
Votto homered for the third time in his last five games -- his eighth of the season -- in the first . Stubbs ' homer , his third , was a solo shot in the fourth	True
Jeff Niemann and Evan Longoria , Kazmir 's ex-teammates , led the Rays to a 7 - 2 victory over Los Angeles on Tuesday night . The victory was only the second	False
Randy Choate came in and walked Hideki Matsui on four pitches to force in a run , but Grant Balfour restored order by striking out Howie Kendrick and retiring Michael Ryan on a fielder 's choice grounder . Kazmir ( 2 - 3 ) threw 108 pitches in five innings , allowing three runs and seven hits with two strikeouts and three walks . The two - time All-Star has failed to reach the seventh	True
Kazmir is 4 - 5 with a 4.05 ERA in 12 starts since joining the Angels . Right-hander Wade Davis , who replaced Kazmir in the Rays ' rotation after the trade , is 5 - 4 with a 3.46 ERA in 12 starts since his promotion from Triple-A Durham last September . Kazmir , Tampa Bay 's career leader in wins , starts , innings , and strikeouts , was traded to the Angels last August 28 for three players . One of those players , second baseman Sean Rodriguez , was 2 for 4 with a double and scored the game 's first run in the third inning on the first	True
The next batter , No . 3 hitter Ben Zobrist , laid down a squeeze bunt to the right of the mound and was thrown out by Kazmir as Jason Bartlett crossed the plate . Longoria made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
The next batter , No . 3 hitter Ben Zobrist , laid down a squeeze bunt to the right of the mound and was thrown out by Kazmir as Jason Bartlett crossed the plate . Longoria made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the fifth , then doubled the margin in the seventh	False
Kelly Johnson drove in two runs and Chris Young also had an RBI for Arizona . After the Diamondbacks scored three runs in the seventh	True
Kelly Johnson drove in two runs and Chris Young also had an RBI for Arizona . After the Diamondbacks scored three runs in the seventh to pull within one , the Dodgers pushed across seven in the eighth	True
Los Angeles scored nine of its runs off Arizona relievers , who have surrendered 26 runs in 11 2/3 innings over the past four games . The Chase Field crowd of 21,030 booed when Daniel Stange walked Belliard with the bases loaded to make it 9 - 3 in the eighth	True
Arizona gave up 17 hits for the second time on this homestand . After Los Angeles ' big eighth	True
Haren got off to a stellar start . He struck out eight of the first nine batters he faced and set a franchise record by fanning the side in each of the first three innings . Arizona 's ace needed 54 pitches to get through those innings , and Los Angeles figured him out after that . The Dodgers put up two runs in the fourth	True
Cueto pitched a one - hitter for his first major league complete game , allowing only a third-inning single that went off shortstop Janish 's glove , and the Reds beat the Pirates 9 - 0 on Tuesday night for their fourth consecutive win . The Pirates ' only hit was by Ronny Cedeno -- and it nearly was n't one . Janish deflected Cedeno 's one - out grounder into left field , barely missing making the play . Cedeno was the Pirates ' only baserunner , also reaching when he was hit in the left wrist by a Cueto fastball in the sixth	True
Two days after Dallas Braden of the Oakland Athletics threw a perfect game against the Tampa Bay Rays , Cedeno did n't want to see all zeros as the Pirates ' linescore . Cedeno broke up a no-hitter on Aug. 4 against the Arizona Diamondbacks , getting a single in the eighth inning for the Pirates ' only hit against Yusmeiro Petit and reliever Leo Rosales , who pitched the ninth	True
The Reds had n't had a complete game one - hitter since John Smiley beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 0 in the second game of a doubleheader on Sept. 22 , 1996 . Pittsburgh had nothing else close to a hit as Cueto faced only one batter more than the minimum because Cedeno was thrown out attempting to steal in the sixth	True
Pittsburgh had nothing else close to a hit as Cueto faced only one batter more than the minimum because Cedeno was thrown out attempting to steal in the sixth . Cueto struck out eight , walked none and threw 103 pitches , 67 for strikes . The Pirates did n't do much to push up Cueto 's pitch count , going down in order on only seven pitches in both the seventh	True
Pittsburgh had nothing else close to a hit as Cueto faced only one batter more than the minimum because Cedeno was thrown out attempting to steal in the sixth . Cueto struck out eight , walked none and threw 103 pitches , 67 for strikes . The Pirates did n't do much to push up Cueto 's pitch count , going down in order on only seven pitches in both the seventh and eighth	True
Pittsburgh had nothing else close to a hit as Cueto faced only one batter more than the minimum because Cedeno was thrown out attempting to steal in the sixth . Cueto struck out eight , walked none and threw 103 pitches , 67 for strikes . The Pirates did n't do much to push up Cueto 's pitch count , going down in order on only seven pitches in both the seventh and eighth . Pittsburgh lost its fourth	False
The Pirates did n't do much to push up Cueto 's pitch count , going down in order on only seven pitches in both the seventh and eighth . Pittsburgh lost its fourth in five games . Chris Heisey backed up Cueto 's superbly pitched game with his first three major league hits , two singles and a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Cincinnati had 15 hits against four pitchers as the Pirates lost by six runs or more for the 13th time in 33 games , with seven losses by eight runs or more . Cueto did n't need any more support after Heisey and Brandon Phillips singled to the start the game , Votto hit a sacrifice fly and Scott Rolen doubled in a run against Charlie Morton ( 1 - 6 ) to make it 2 - 0 . Morton gave up three runs and seven hits in six innings , also allowing Hernandez 's RBI double in the sixth	True
Adam Wainwright ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and five hits over six innings -- the 25th time in 26 starts dating to last season he 's permitted three runs or fewer while lasting at least six innings . He is 16 - 5 in those starts . The Cardinals did n't need nearly as much offense as they got against Pittsburgh , one of the majors ' most perplexing clubs . The Pirates are 10 - 2 in games decided by two runs or fewer -- normally , a sign of a contending club -- but they have been blown out in more than one - third	False
The Cardinals did n't need nearly as much offense as they got against Pittsburgh , one of the majors ' most perplexing clubs . The Pirates are 10 - 2 in games decided by two runs or fewer -- normally , a sign of a contending club -- but they have been blown out in more than one - third of their games . The Pirates already have losses by margins of 20 , 14 , nine and eight runs ( three times ) , plus three losses of seven runs and three by six runs , and the season is n't one - fifth	False
Some defense , too . Ludwick , the left fielder , took potential extra-base hits away from leadoff batters Aki Iwamura in the first	True
Some defense , too . Ludwick , the left fielder , took potential extra-base hits away from leadoff batters Aki Iwamura in the first and Garrett Jones in the second	True
No . 9 hitter Tyler Greene followed Wainwright 's extended at-bat with a double , and the productive inning was on . Left fielder Lastings Milledge could n't hold onto Ludwick 's wind-blown fly ball during a two - run fourth	True
No . 9 hitter Tyler Greene followed Wainwright 's extended at-bat with a double , and the productive inning was on . Left fielder Lastings Milledge could n't hold onto Ludwick 's wind-blown fly ball during a two - run fourth , with Ludwick credited with a triple . St. Louis then put it away by sending 11 to the plate during a five - run sixth	True
Left fielder Lastings Milledge could n't hold onto Ludwick 's wind-blown fly ball during a two - run fourth , with Ludwick credited with a triple . St. Louis then put it away by sending 11 to the plate during a five - run sixth . Molina had a two - run single and pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus also singled in a run , while reliever Brian Bass walked three during the sixth	True
Molina had a two - run single and pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus also singled in a run , while reliever Brian Bass walked three during the sixth . Garrett Jones hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Using fastballs early and changeups later , Weaver ( 4 - 1 ) held the first 22 Mariners hitless . He was teaming with catcher Budde for the first time in a regular-season game . With two outs in the seventh	True
With two outs in the seventh , 40-year-old Ken Griffey Jr. sent an 0 - 1 fastball bouncing through the infield past first baseman Kendry Morales . Weaver allowed one other hit in his 7 1/3 innings . Juan Rivera and Howie Kendrick also homered off Hernandez ( 2 - 3 ) in a four - run fourth	True
Friday was the first time in Mariners history the team played a game in which each side had a losing streak of at least six games . It was only the sixth time in the major leagues since 1977 that two teams with losing streaks of at least six games met . Weaver , who walked three while throwing 118 pitches , allowed only six balls to reach the outfield . The last was a double by Saunders that chased Weaver with one out in the eighth	True
The White Sox signed each 33-year-old to a bargain contract and have been rewarded . Jones , whose 397th homer moved him past Joe Carter into 49th place on baseball 's career list , is third	False
Even in a lopsided loss , however , the Royals did n't make things easy for Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) , who had gone 0 - 7 with a 7.40 ERA in eight starts against them since last beating them on July 25 , 2005 . He had to get out of jams in the second	True
Even in a lopsided loss , however , the Royals did n't make things easy for Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) , who had gone 0 - 7 with a 7.40 ERA in eight starts against them since last beating them on July 25 , 2005 . He had to get out of jams in the second , fifth	True
Quentin entered the game in a 6 - for - 53 slump while Teahen had been 4 for 28 . Paul Konerko doubled home a run in the second	True
Quentin entered the game in a 6 - for - 53 slump while Teahen had been 4 for 28 . Paul Konerko doubled home a run in the second and the White Sox scored twice in the fourth	True
Paul Konerko doubled home a run in the second and the White Sox scored twice in the fourth when Jones drew a bases-loaded walk from Bruce Chen and Rios had a sacrifice fly . Garcia , who went 40 - 21 with the White Sox from 2004 - 06 , allowed a run in the fifth	True
Paul Konerko doubled home a run in the second and the White Sox scored twice in the fourth when Jones drew a bases-loaded walk from Bruce Chen and Rios had a sacrifice fly . Garcia , who went 40 - 21 with the White Sox from 2004 - 06 , allowed a run in the fifth and another in the sixth	False
Garcia , who went 40 - 21 with the White Sox from 2004 - 06 , allowed a run in the fifth and another in the sixth but kept the Royals from big innings that would have gotten them back in the game . After Chris Getz 's RBI single put two on with nobody out in the fifth	True
After Chris Getz 's RBI single put two on with nobody out in the fifth , Garcia retired Willie Bloomquist on a liner and David DeJesus on a grounder and then struck out Scott Podsednik . Alberto Callaspo 's run-scoring single made it 7 - 2 in the sixth	False
Alberto Callaspo 's run-scoring single made it 7 - 2 in the sixth and Jason Kendall followed with a two - out double , but Garcia snagged Getz 's line drive to end the inning . Rios added a two - run homer off Brad Thompson in the sixth	True
Oswalt allowed five hits and one run with eight strikeouts in seven innings . Oswalt , who normally works with J. R. Towles , was caught by Humberto Quintero for the first time in a regular-season game . Tuesday was Oswalt 's second career loss against the Diamondbacks and the first since 2007 . He is 9 - 2 in 12 games against the team . Chris Young walked with one out in the fourth inning before stealing second base . He moved to third	False
Oswalt allowed five hits and one run with eight strikeouts in seven innings . Oswalt , who normally works with J. R. Towles , was caught by Humberto Quintero for the first time in a regular-season game . Tuesday was Oswalt 's second career loss against the Diamondbacks and the first since 2007 . He is 9 - 2 in 12 games against the team . Chris Young walked with one out in the fourth inning before stealing second base . He moved to third on a single by Parra before the second	True
MIAMI -- The seesaw marathon lasted nearly four hours , and afterward it took awhile for Aaron Rowand to peel off his sweat-soaked uniform . It was his own fault . Rowand kept the game going with a tying two - out solo homer in the ninth inning , and Aubrey Huff hit a two - run single to break the tie in the 12th	True
It was his own fault . Rowand kept the game going with a tying two - out solo homer in the ninth inning , and Aubrey Huff hit a two - run single to break the tie in the 12th , helping the San Francisco Giants beat the Florida Marlins 9 - 6 Tuesday night . Dan Uggla 's three - run homer with two out in the eighth	True
Unbeaten Giants ace Tim Lincecum had 13 strikeouts in seven innings and left with a 5 - 3 lead , but he was denied his fifth win of the season when Florida rallied . Lincecum was up 3 - 0 before Hanley Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Lincecum was up 3 - 0 before Hanley Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the sixth . Lincecum 's ERA soared to 1.70 , but aside from the homer he was in top form , allowing only five hits and one walk . Dan Runzler ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the 11th	True
Lincecum was up 3 - 0 before Hanley Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the sixth . Lincecum 's ERA soared to 1.70 , but aside from the homer he was in top form , allowing only five hits and one walk . Dan Runzler ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the 11th , and Guillermo Mota pitched a perfect 12th	True
Dan Runzler ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the 11th , and Guillermo Mota pitched a perfect 12th for his first save . Six San Francisco pitchers combined for 20 strikeouts . Andres Torres singled with one out in the 12th	True
Dan Runzler ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the 11th , and Guillermo Mota pitched a perfect 12th for his first save . Six San Francisco pitchers combined for 20 strikeouts . Andres Torres singled with one out in the 12th off Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 3 ) , then took third	False
In the early going , Lincecum was on pace to break the Giants ' 106-year-old team record of 16 strikeouts set by Hall of Famer Christy Mathewson . By the fifth inning , Lincecum had 12 Ks and had struck out every position player , making the Marlins look silly at times . Cody Ross fell down when he swung at a 3 - 2 pitch and missed . An inning later , the bats began finding the ball . Pinch hitter Mike Lamb singled to start the sixth	True
An inning later , the bats began finding the ball . Pinch hitter Mike Lamb singled to start the sixth , and Cameron Maybin beat out a swinging bunt . Rowand robbed Chris Coghlan of a hit , but Ramirez hit the next pitch for a homer . It was his fourth homer in a span of nine at-bats , and his sixth	False
It was his fourth homer in a span of nine at-bats , and his sixth this season . With Florida trailing 5 - 3 in the eighth	True
Florida starter Anibal Sanchez allowed three runs , two earned , in six innings . Nunez blew a save for the second time in six chances . The Giants went 6 for 14 with runners in scoring position . Juan Uribe hit a two - out , two - run double in the eighth	True
Karstens was the third Pirates starter in this four - game series who had never faced the Dodgers before , along with Brian Burres and Charlie Morton . The trio combined to give up 12 runs ( nine earned ) , 21 hits and seven walks with 14 strikeouts . Xavier Paul led off the Dodgers ' three - run fifth	True
Last year , Church came all the way home from first base with an apparent go-ahead run for the Mets on Angel Pagan 's two - out drive to the right-center fence -- but was called out on appeal for missing third base . Pittsburgh got on the board in the fourth	True
Last year , Church came all the way home from first base with an apparent go-ahead run for the Mets on Angel Pagan 's two - out drive to the right-center fence -- but was called out on appeal for missing third base . Pittsburgh got on the board in the fourth when Garrett Jones doubled and scored on Adam LaRoche 's groundout . Jones was back in the lineup at first base , one day after checking himself into a hospital because of a blockage of food in his esophagus . He had two doubles , one of which drove in a run in the ninth	True
Damon connected off reliever Scot Shields with one out in the ninth inning Saturday to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels . Damon finished with three hits and also made a sterling play on defense , throwing out his former Yankees teammate Hideki Matsui in the sixth	True
Shields ( 0 - 1 ) blamed his fastball on being too far inside . Damon 's home run made a winner of Ryan Perry ( 1 - 1 ) , who retired the final two batters in the top of the ninth	False
Damon 's home run made a winner of Ryan Perry ( 1 - 1 ) , who retired the final two batters in the top of the ninth . Brandon Inge 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly gave Detroit a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Damon 's home run made a winner of Ryan Perry ( 1 - 1 ) , who retired the final two batters in the top of the ninth . Brandon Inge 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly gave Detroit a 1 - 0 lead in the first , but three errors by the Tigers allowed Los Angeles to pull even in the fourth	True
Brandon Inge 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly gave Detroit a 1 - 0 lead in the first , but three errors by the Tigers allowed Los Angeles to pull even in the fourth . After Howie Kendrick 's one - out single , he advanced to second	False
Brandon Inge 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly gave Detroit a 1 - 0 lead in the first , but three errors by the Tigers allowed Los Angeles to pull even in the fourth . After Howie Kendrick 's one - out single , he advanced to second when Miguel Cabrera could n't handle Jeremy Bonderman 's pickoff attempt . Bobby Abreu then hit a liner to right that Ryan Raburn dropped while running toward the line . Kendrick stopped at third	False
After Howie Kendrick 's one - out single , he advanced to second when Miguel Cabrera could n't handle Jeremy Bonderman 's pickoff attempt . Bobby Abreu then hit a liner to right that Ryan Raburn dropped while running toward the line . Kendrick stopped at third but came home when Raburn 's throw got by the cutoff man , Cabrera . Brandon Wood 's RBI single gave the Angels a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
After Howie Kendrick 's one - out single , he advanced to second when Miguel Cabrera could n't handle Jeremy Bonderman 's pickoff attempt . Bobby Abreu then hit a liner to right that Ryan Raburn dropped while running toward the line . Kendrick stopped at third but came home when Raburn 's throw got by the cutoff man , Cabrera . Brandon Wood 's RBI single gave the Angels a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth , but Cabrera made up for his mistakes on defense with his run-scoring single in the fifth	True
Bonderman was locked up in a nifty pitching battle with Scott Kazmir for most of the afternoon , allowing two runs -- only one earned -- on 10 hits over six innings . Kazmir also allowed two runs -- and one earned ) on five hits over six innings . Jackson 's leadoff single was his sixth consecutive hit , after going 5 for 5 on Friday night . His streaked ended with a strikeout to end the second	True
Alberto Callaspo hit a two - run double in the 11th inning and Kansas City beat the Rays 4 - 2 on Saturday night for its second consecutive victory over the AL East leaders . Rays reliever Lance Cormier ( 2 - 1 ) got the first two batters out in the 11th	True
Joakim Soria worked out of a jam to earn his seventh save . Ben Zobrist and Evan Longoria opened the 11th	True
Joakim Soria worked out of a jam to earn his seventh save . Ben Zobrist and Evan Longoria opened the 11th with singles off Soria , putting runners on first	False
Joakim Soria worked out of a jam to earn his seventh save . Ben Zobrist and Evan Longoria opened the 11th with singles off Soria , putting runners on first and second	False
Royals starter Kyle Davies also went six innings , allowing two runs and three hits . The right-hander struck out six and walked five . Yuniesky Betancourt had an RBI groundout and Chris Getz drove in a run with a bunt single as Kansas City took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Yuniesky Betancourt had an RBI groundout and Chris Getz drove in a run with a bunt single as Kansas City took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . The Royals had just one baserunner -- David DeJesus reached on a fifth-inning error -- against Price over his final four innings . Tampa Bay pulled within 2 - 1 on Reid Brignac 's run-scoring single in the second	True
Yuniesky Betancourt had an RBI groundout and Chris Getz drove in a run with a bunt single as Kansas City took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . The Royals had just one baserunner -- David DeJesus reached on a fifth-inning error -- against Price over his final four innings . Tampa Bay pulled within 2 - 1 on Reid Brignac 's run-scoring single in the second , then tied the game in the third	False
Tampa Bay , which lost 3 - 2 to the Royals on Friday night , has 11 hits over the past two games . Crawford also made a sliding catch in left during the eighth	True
Third baseman Jamey Carroll had two doubles , walked twice and scored three runs as the Dodgers improved to 21 - 5 within their division . Padilla used a masterful changeup to keep the Giants off balance and off the bases . Aside from Rowand 's sixth-inning shot over the center field wall , only four others reached base and none went past first	False
Padilla , who reached the century mark in his 11th big league season , earned his first win since beating the Giants on April 16 . He allowed the one run on three hits , walking one and striking out five . Furcal , who had four hits , hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Furcal , who had four hits , hit a two - run shot in the fifth . Two batters later , Kemp hit a solo shot well up into the left field stands . Kemp and Belliard each drove in a run in the seventh	True
Kemp and Belliard each drove in a run in the seventh and Carroll scored on a passed ball . The Dodgers scored twice in the third	True
The Dodgers have won 26 of their last 39 games in San Francisco . Juan Uribe drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Laffey was n't at Progessive Field at all Tuesday after Braeden was born at 10:42 a.m. Laffey said he got plenty of rest anyway and felt comfortable in his second start since being recalled from the minors on Saturday . He was optioned to Triple-A Columbus on May 30 . Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in 10 chances . He closed in place of Kerry Wood , who had three saves in three days . Choo put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 with a 422-foot home run off Jesse Litsch ( 0 - 3 ) with one out in the first	True
Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in 10 chances . He closed in place of Kerry Wood , who had three saves in three days . Choo put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 with a 422-foot home run off Jesse Litsch ( 0 - 3 ) with one out in the first . It was Choo 's fifth homer in his last eight games and 13th	False
Choo put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 with a 422-foot home run off Jesse Litsch ( 0 - 3 ) with one out in the first . It was Choo 's fifth homer in his last eight games and 13th of the season . Carlos Santana had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Choo put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 with a 422-foot home run off Jesse Litsch ( 0 - 3 ) with one out in the first . It was Choo 's fifth homer in his last eight games and 13th of the season . Carlos Santana had an RBI single in the sixth to put Cleveland ahead 2 - 0 and LaPorta 's second homer in two nights , off reliever Shawn Camp in the seventh	True
Carlos Santana had an RBI single in the sixth to put Cleveland ahead 2 - 0 and LaPorta 's second homer in two nights , off reliever Shawn Camp in the seventh , made it 3 - 1 . Toronto loaded the bases in the fifth	True
Toronto loaded the bases in the fifth on a two - out double by Aaron Hill and two walks . Laffey got out of the jam by striking out Fred Lewis . John Buck singled to open the seventh	True
Toronto loaded the bases in the fifth on a two - out double by Aaron Hill and two walks . Laffey got out of the jam by striking out Fred Lewis . John Buck singled to open the seventh . Buck was running when Lyle Overbay singled off the glove of a leaping LaPorta at first base . Overbay 's 1,000th career hit put Blue Jays on first	False
Toronto loaded the bases in the fifth on a two - out double by Aaron Hill and two walks . Laffey got out of the jam by striking out Fred Lewis . John Buck singled to open the seventh . Buck was running when Lyle Overbay singled off the glove of a leaping LaPorta at first base . Overbay 's 1,000th career hit put Blue Jays on first and third	False
John Buck singled to open the seventh . Buck was running when Lyle Overbay singled off the glove of a leaping LaPorta at first base . Overbay 's 1,000th career hit put Blue Jays on first and third and finished Laffey . Reliever Frank Herrmann got Hill to pop out to second	False
CHICAGO -- Just when it looked as if the Chicago White Sox 's longest winning streak in 49 years would end quietly , the Southsiders made their crosstown rivals work hard to avoid a series sweep . The White Sox scored three times in the ninth	True
The White Sox scored three times in the ninth off Cubs closer Carlos Marmol before he struck out Alex Rios swinging with the tying runs on base to preserve an 8 - 6 victory on Sunday . The White Sox 's streak , which moved them back into the thick of the AL Central race , ended at 11 games . It was their longest since a 12-gamer in 1961 . Tyler Colvin and Alfonso Soriano homered for the Cubs . The Cubs led 6 - 2 after the top of the sixth	True
Down 8 - 3 , the White Sox started to come back when Marmol walked Mark Kotsay and A. J. Pierzynski with one out . After Alexei Ramirez flied out , Gordon Beckham hit an RBI double and Juan Pierre followed with a two - run single . Pinch-hitter Andruw Jones walked before Rios struck out . Colvin 's three - run shot off John Danks ( 7 - 6 ) in the third gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead and Derrek Lee extended it with a two - run double in the fifth	True
Colvin 's three - run shot off John Danks ( 7 - 6 ) in the third gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead and Derrek Lee extended it with a two - run double in the fifth , Soriano led off a two - run eighth	True
Colvin 's three - run shot off John Danks ( 7 - 6 ) in the third gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead and Derrek Lee extended it with a two - run double in the fifth , Soriano led off a two - run eighth with his 11th homer , connecting against Tony Pena . And after the White Sox came up short in the ninth	True
Three years ago , they turned things around and went on the win the NL Central after Zambrano fought in the dugout and clubhouse with former catcher Michael Barrett and manager Lou Piniella got ejected in back-to-back games against Atlanta . Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 6 ) went seven innings as the Cubs won for the third time in nine games . He allowed a two - run single in a shaky first	True
Three years ago , they turned things around and went on the win the NL Central after Zambrano fought in the dugout and clubhouse with former catcher Michael Barrett and manager Lou Piniella got ejected in back-to-back games against Atlanta . Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 6 ) went seven innings as the Cubs won for the third time in nine games . He allowed a two - run single in a shaky first to Carlos Quentin and a leadoff homer to Konerko in the sixth	True
Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 6 ) went seven innings as the Cubs won for the third time in nine games . He allowed a two - run single in a shaky first to Carlos Quentin and a leadoff homer to Konerko in the sixth , but was solid otherwise . The loss was just the second	False
Ryan Dempster ( 6 - 6 ) went seven innings as the Cubs won for the third time in nine games . He allowed a two - run single in a shaky first to Carlos Quentin and a leadoff homer to Konerko in the sixth , but was solid otherwise . The loss was just the second in 17 games for the White Sox , who got a rare poor start and came up short trying to extend a club record with their fourth straight three - game sweep . Instead , they fell for the first time since June 13 when the Cubs ' Ted Lilly took a no-hitter into the ninth	True
Sean Rodriguez and Jason Bartlett both had two RBIs for the Rays , held hitless Friday night for the third time in the past 12 months . Price ( 11 - 3 ) allowed two runs and seven hits while walking one and matching his career high with 11 strikeouts . Rodriguez keyed a three - run sixth	True
Rodriguez keyed a three - run sixth that made it 4 - 1 by driving in a pair with a single off reliever Sam Demel . Carlos Pena added an RBI grounder . Arizona 's bid for consecutive no-hitters ended when Matt Joyce singled off a wild Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) to load the bases with no outs in the second	True
Arizona 's bid for consecutive no-hitters ended when Matt Joyce singled off a wild Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 6 ) to load the bases with no outs in the second . Jackson threw 149 pitches and walked eight in a 1 - 0 win Friday night over Tampa Bay , his former team . Justin Upton and Chris Young homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost 16 of their last 18 road games . Young hit a solo shot off Rafael Soriano , who pitched the ninth	True
Justin Upton and Chris Young homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost 16 of their last 18 road games . Young hit a solo shot off Rafael Soriano , who pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 19 chances . The Rays went up 1 - 0 in the second	True
Justin Upton and Chris Young homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost 16 of their last 18 road games . Young hit a solo shot off Rafael Soriano , who pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 19 chances . The Rays went up 1 - 0 in the second on Bartlett 's sacrifice fly . He had a run-scoring bunt single in the seventh	True
Arizona 's starting pitcher has walked seven or more in three straight games . The Diamondbacks walked 11 and hit two batters overall Saturday . Arizona tied it at 1 on Upton 's fourth-inning homer . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
Arizona tied it at 1 on Upton 's fourth-inning homer . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with one out in the fifth but failed to score when Kelly Johnson fouled out and Tony Abreu flied out . Chris Snyder pulled Arizona to 4 - 2 on a run-scoring double in the seventh	True
They 're on a nice little surge . Cincinnati has moved it back into first place in the NL Central , a half-game ahead of St. Louis . The Reds have n't been in first	False
They do n't do those very well . Masterson committed his fifth error on a pickoff throw -- the Indians lead the AL with 56 of them -- and threw a pair of wild pitches while giving up a 3 - 1 lead . The Indians also had a runner caught in a rundown between second	True
They do n't do those very well . Masterson committed his fifth error on a pickoff throw -- the Indians lead the AL with 56 of them -- and threw a pair of wild pitches while giving up a 3 - 1 lead . The Indians also had a runner caught in a rundown between second and third	False
Reds rookie starter Sam LeCure faded fast on a sticky , 88-degree evening with no breeze , failing to make it through the fourth inning . Pitchers regularly worked deep into counts , struggling to keep their hands dry so they could get a grip on their pitches . Danny Herrera ( 1 - 3 ) got the final out in the sixth	True
Reds rookie starter Sam LeCure faded fast on a sticky , 88-degree evening with no breeze , failing to make it through the fourth inning . Pitchers regularly worked deep into counts , struggling to keep their hands dry so they could get a grip on their pitches . Danny Herrera ( 1 - 3 ) got the final out in the sixth . Left-hander Arthur Rhodes pitched the seventh	True
Reds rookie starter Sam LeCure faded fast on a sticky , 88-degree evening with no breeze , failing to make it through the fourth inning . Pitchers regularly worked deep into counts , struggling to keep their hands dry so they could get a grip on their pitches . Danny Herrera ( 1 - 3 ) got the final out in the sixth . Left-hander Arthur Rhodes pitched the seventh , tying a major league record with his 33rd straight scoreless appearance . Francisco Cordero gave up a two - out RBI single to Austin Kearns in the ninth	True
Then , Nix got them on their feet . His single put the Reds up 4 - 3 in the bottom of the sixth	True
Then , Nix got them on their feet . His single put the Reds up 4 - 3 in the bottom of the sixth . He eventually scored from third	False
His single put the Reds up 4 - 3 in the bottom of the sixth . He eventually scored from third on Miguel Cairo 's sacrifice fly , going headfirst into the plate behind catcher Carlos Santana , who had to move to get the throw . Nix expected him to block the plate and planned to go in hard . Santana was back in the lineup a day after he jammed his left thumb and left Cincinnati 's 10 - 3 win . Santana doubled home a run in the first inning . Anderson Hernandez doubled home two more in the fourth	True
Buchholz ( 10 - 4 ) allowed three hits , three walks and two hit batsmen while striking out four to win for the seventh time in his past eight starts . Daniel Bard got four outs and Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
For the Red Sox , Pedroia was the key to the only run they needed . The Boston second baseman stole two bases in the game , swiping second	False
For the Red Sox , Pedroia was the key to the only run they needed . The Boston second baseman stole two bases in the game , swiping second in the first inning and then continuing to third	False
For the Red Sox , Pedroia was the key to the only run they needed . The Boston second baseman stole two bases in the game , swiping second in the first inning and then continuing to third after catcher Russell Martin 's throw trickled into center field for an error . The play was backed up , but the Dodgers had shifted the infield with lefty David Ortiz at the plate , and it was pitcher Hiroki Kuroda 's responsibility to cover third	False
Ortiz walked , then Kevin Youkilis hit a check-swing dribbler that third baseman Casey Blake ran past , hoping it would go foul . The ball rolled down the line and hit the base as Pedroia scored without a throw to make it 1 - 0 . Boston made it 2 - 0 when Marco Scutaro led off the third	True
There were more cheers -- and more boos -- for Ramirez , who was playing in Boston for the first time since leaving the city he helped win two World Series titles . The 2004 Series MVP was 2 for 3 with a walk in the finale ; he also jogged out of the basepaths without any effort to disrupt an inning-ending double play on James Loney 's grounder in the third inning . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the first	True
There were more cheers -- and more boos -- for Ramirez , who was playing in Boston for the first time since leaving the city he helped win two World Series titles . The 2004 Series MVP was 2 for 3 with a walk in the finale ; he also jogged out of the basepaths without any effort to disrupt an inning-ending double play on James Loney 's grounder in the third inning . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the first before Buchholz struck out Garret Anderson and got Blake on a comebacker . Anderson doubled to lead off the seventh	True
Glaus ' 14th homer came off Robinson Tejeda ( 2 - 3 ) and gave the Braves 13 victories in their final at-bat . Though Glaus leads the NL with 55 RBIs , Atlanta had yet to win on his last swing of the game . Billy Wagner ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Billy Wagner ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . Royals starter Zack Greinke fell behind 2 - 0 in the first	True
Billy Wagner ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . Royals starter Zack Greinke fell behind 2 - 0 in the first . Chipper Jones hit an RBI single , moved to second	False
Billy Wagner ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth to earn the win . Royals starter Zack Greinke fell behind 2 - 0 in the first . Chipper Jones hit an RBI single , moved to second on the throw and advanced to third	False
Royals starter Zack Greinke fell behind 2 - 0 in the first . Chipper Jones hit an RBI single , moved to second on the throw and advanced to third on a passed ball . He scored on shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt 's throwing error . McCann 's seventh homer , a leadoff shot in the fourth	True
McCann 's seventh homer , a leadoff shot in the fourth , made it 3 - 0 . Kansas City cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth	False
Kansas City cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth on Scott Podsednik 's sacrifice fly and Jason Kendall 's RBI groundout . The Braves went ahead 4 - 2 in the sixth	False
Kansas City cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth on Scott Podsednik 's sacrifice fly and Jason Kendall 's RBI groundout . The Braves went ahead 4 - 2 in the sixth when Jason Heyward scored from second	False
Kansas City cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth on Scott Podsednik 's sacrifice fly and Jason Kendall 's RBI groundout . The Braves went ahead 4 - 2 in the sixth when Jason Heyward scored from second on Glaus ' grounder . Betancourt tried to begin a double play , but Jones , who was running from first	False
Seeing Aviles was getting up slowly with the ball , Heyward dashed for the plate and scored with a headfirst slide . Eric O'Flaherty replaced Atlanta starter Kris Medlen with one out in the seventh	True
Seeing Aviles was getting up slowly with the ball , Heyward dashed for the plate and scored with a headfirst slide . Eric O'Flaherty replaced Atlanta starter Kris Medlen with one out in the seventh and runners on second	False
Seeing Aviles was getting up slowly with the ball , Heyward dashed for the plate and scored with a headfirst slide . Eric O'Flaherty replaced Atlanta starter Kris Medlen with one out in the seventh and runners on second and third	False
Medlen , who was 3 - 0 in his last four starts , allowed five hits , three runs and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . The right-hander struck out five . Jonny Venters pitched the eighth	True
Medlen , who was 3 - 0 in his last four starts , allowed five hits , three runs and two walks in 6 1/3 innings . The right-hander struck out five . Jonny Venters pitched the eighth for Atlanta , striking out Betancourt with a runner at third	False
Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) , whose scheduled start Thursday was pushed back two days because of an achy right shoulder , walked two and struck out seven as the White Sox moved within a game of .500 ( 33 - 34 ) for the first time since April 14 , when they were 4 - 5 . The right-hander , who is 6 - 1 in his last seven starts against NL clubs , worked out of a two - on , none - out jam in the first	True
Carlos Quentin 's RBI single in the fourth sent the Nationals to their season-worst sixth consecutive defeat . Chicago has won nine of 10 overall . Nyjer Morgan drew a leadoff walk in the Washington ninth	True
Carlos Quentin 's RBI single in the fourth sent the Nationals to their season-worst sixth consecutive defeat . Chicago has won nine of 10 overall . Nyjer Morgan drew a leadoff walk in the Washington ninth and moved to second	False
Carlos Quentin 's RBI single in the fourth sent the Nationals to their season-worst sixth consecutive defeat . Chicago has won nine of 10 overall . Nyjer Morgan drew a leadoff walk in the Washington ninth and moved to second on Cristian Guzman 's sacrifice bunt . Peavy then struck out Ryan Zimmerman looking and intentionally walked Adam Dunn before getting Josh Willingham on a popup to second	False
Nyjer Morgan drew a leadoff walk in the Washington ninth and moved to second on Cristian Guzman 's sacrifice bunt . Peavy then struck out Ryan Zimmerman looking and intentionally walked Adam Dunn before getting Josh Willingham on a popup to second . Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen made a visit to the mound before Peavy faced Dunn in the ninth	True
Nyjer Morgan drew a leadoff walk in the Washington ninth and moved to second on Cristian Guzman 's sacrifice bunt . Peavy then struck out Ryan Zimmerman looking and intentionally walked Adam Dunn before getting Josh Willingham on a popup to second . Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen made a visit to the mound before Peavy faced Dunn in the ninth with the tying run at second	False
Chicago improved to 9 - 2 in interleague play this season , while the Nationals fell to 3 - 8 . Omar Vizquel led off the fourth	True
Chicago improved to 9 - 2 in interleague play this season , while the Nationals fell to 3 - 8 . Omar Vizquel led off the fourth with a bloop single to center . He went to second	False
Omar Vizquel led off the fourth with a bloop single to center . He went to second on Mark Kotsay 's groundout and scored when Quentin laced a two - out single to left . After making a pitching change in the eighth	True
NEW YORK -- David Wright dived for home plate in the first inning , then pumped his fist and screamed after a crucial out in the sixth	True
Hisanori Takahashi outpitched Javier Vazquez in their second low-scoring duel this season and the Mets ran their winning streak to eight games with a 4 - 0 victory over the suddenly slumping New York Yankees on Friday night . Wright scored in the first	True
Hisanori Takahashi outpitched Javier Vazquez in their second low-scoring duel this season and the Mets ran their winning streak to eight games with a 4 - 0 victory over the suddenly slumping New York Yankees on Friday night . Wright scored in the first with a nifty slide and made a key defensive play at third base . Angel Pagan added a two - run double in the eighth	True
Pedro Feliciano pitched out of trouble in two late innings and Francisco Rodriguez got two outs for his 16th save in 19 chances , preserving the Mets ' 12th win in 13 games . The Yankees , tied with Tampa Bay atop the AL East , were shut out for the second time in their hitter-friendly ballpark , which opened last year . With the bases loaded in the ninth	True
Takahashi ( 6 - 2 ) is a big reason why . Promoted from long relief to help an injury-depleted rotation , the 35-year-old rookie from Japan is 3 - 1 in six starts . Painting corners and keeping the Yankees off balance with an effective changeup , Takahashi yielded four hits in six innings . The left-hander escaped a bases-loaded jam in the sixth	True
Takahashi ( 6 - 2 ) is a big reason why . Promoted from long relief to help an injury-depleted rotation , the 35-year-old rookie from Japan is 3 - 1 in six starts . Painting corners and keeping the Yankees off balance with an effective changeup , Takahashi yielded four hits in six innings . The left-hander escaped a bases-loaded jam in the sixth when Wright barehanded Jorge Posada 's chopper and threw him out at first	False
Painting corners and keeping the Yankees off balance with an effective changeup , Takahashi yielded four hits in six innings . The left-hander escaped a bases-loaded jam in the sixth when Wright barehanded Jorge Posada 's chopper and threw him out at first , prompting several fired-up Mets -- including Wright and Takahashi -- to pump their fists and shout with joy . The Yankees got leadoff hits in the seventh	False
Painting corners and keeping the Yankees off balance with an effective changeup , Takahashi yielded four hits in six innings . The left-hander escaped a bases-loaded jam in the sixth when Wright barehanded Jorge Posada 's chopper and threw him out at first , prompting several fired-up Mets -- including Wright and Takahashi -- to pump their fists and shout with joy . The Yankees got leadoff hits in the seventh and eighth	False
Vazquez ( 6 - 6 ) was nearly as good this time , allowing one run and three hits in seven innings . Still , his three - start winning streak was snapped . Pagan fisted a two - run double over a drawn-in infield against Chan Ho Park in the eighth	True
Vazquez ( 6 - 6 ) was nearly as good this time , allowing one run and three hits in seven innings . Still , his three - start winning streak was snapped . Pagan fisted a two - run double over a drawn-in infield against Chan Ho Park in the eighth . Reyes added an RBI single in the ninth	True
Pagan fisted a two - run double over a drawn-in infield against Chan Ho Park in the eighth . Reyes added an RBI single in the ninth off Boone Logan . Wright doubled with two outs in the first	True
Encarnacion hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning and drove in three runs as Toronto beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 2 Friday night . Encarnacion homered into the lower deck in left field on Zito 's first pitch of the eighth	True
Encarnacion came in stuck in a 2 - for - 26 slump and had not homered since June 4 . Encarnacion hit a two - run single in the fifth	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run single in the fifth and went 2 for 2 with a walk . Eight of his past 16 hits have been home runs . Scott Downs ( 2 - 5 ) worked one inning of relief for the win and Kevin Gregg closed it out in the ninth	True
Zito ( 7 - 3 ) allowed three runs and four hits in eight innings for his 11th career complete game and first since May 19 , 2009 . He walked one and struck out five . Pablo Sandoval drew a bases-loaded walk off Blue Jays right-hander Brandon Morrow to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Pablo Sandoval drew a bases-loaded walk off Blue Jays right-hander Brandon Morrow to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Zito did n't allow a hit through the first four innings , but was tagged for two runs in the fifth	True
Pablo Sandoval drew a bases-loaded walk off Blue Jays right-hander Brandon Morrow to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Zito did n't allow a hit through the first four innings , but was tagged for two runs in the fifth . Alex Gonzalez led off with an infield single , Jose Bautista was hit by a pitch and everyone was safe when Sandoval threw late to second	False
Pablo Sandoval drew a bases-loaded walk off Blue Jays right-hander Brandon Morrow to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Zito did n't allow a hit through the first four innings , but was tagged for two runs in the fifth . Alex Gonzalez led off with an infield single , Jose Bautista was hit by a pitch and everyone was safe when Sandoval threw late to second on Lyle Overbay 's bouncer to third	False
Sandoval , who was playing on artificial turf for the first time in his career , said he struggled all night with bounces and double clutched Overbay 's chopper . The Giants promptly tied it in the top of the sixth	True
The Giants promptly tied it in the top of the sixth , but could have had more . Aubrey Huff led off with a drive that ticked off the glove of centerfielder Fred Lewis . Huff paused before breaking out of the box , believing he had homered , but was held to a double . `` Can I get to three there if I did n't hot dog it a little bit ? '' Huff asked . `` I do n't know . It would have been bang-bang . That 's unacceptable , I 've got to bust out of the box there and that slight hesitation might have cost me getting to third	False
CINCINNATI -- Hitting . Pitching . Defense . Bronson Arroyo did it all . The lanky right-hander hit the first	False
Arroyo 's first homer in two years was the highlight of his all-around impressive game . Arroyo ( 6 - 3 ) issued a career-high six walks and allowed five hits but helped himself on defense . He was on the back end of three double plays , covering first	False
The Dodgers outscored the Reds 18 - 2 while winning the first two games of the series against a team it has dominated like no other . Los Angeles is 25 - 7 against Cincinnati since 2006 . The Dodgers had a chance to get back into the game in the eighth	True
His worst moment came in the second inning , when Arroyo came up with two outs and two runners aboard . With a 1 - 1 count , he tried to throw a fastball inside . Instead , it wound up right down the middle , belt-high . Ely doubled over on the mound as soon as the ball left the bat , knowing it was gone . Arroyo 's fifth career homer -- his first	False
Ely lasted 4 1/3 innings , giving up seven runs , eight hits and three walks . The three homers allowed matched the total he 'd allowed in his nine previous starts combined . Besides supplying most of the pitching and offense , Arroyo became an integral part of the NL 's second-best defense . The Dodgers grounded into double plays in the first	True
Ely lasted 4 1/3 innings , giving up seven runs , eight hits and three walks . The three homers allowed matched the total he 'd allowed in his nine previous starts combined . Besides supplying most of the pitching and offense , Arroyo became an integral part of the NL 's second-best defense . The Dodgers grounded into double plays in the first , fourth	True
Ely lasted 4 1/3 innings , giving up seven runs , eight hits and three walks . The three homers allowed matched the total he 'd allowed in his nine previous starts combined . Besides supplying most of the pitching and offense , Arroyo became an integral part of the NL 's second-best defense . The Dodgers grounded into double plays in the first , fourth and seventh innings . All three started with grounders to Votto , who threw to second	False
Ely lasted 4 1/3 innings , giving up seven runs , eight hits and three walks . The three homers allowed matched the total he 'd allowed in his nine previous starts combined . Besides supplying most of the pitching and offense , Arroyo became an integral part of the NL 's second-best defense . The Dodgers grounded into double plays in the first , fourth and seventh innings . All three started with grounders to Votto , who threw to second and watched Arroyo cover first	False
Kevin Youkilis also homered , and Jon Lester ( 8 - 2 ) scattered four hits over seven innings to earn his eighth straight victory and send the Diamondbacks to a franchise-record 12th straight road loss . Rodrigo Lopez ( 2 - 6 ) lost his fourth straight decision , giving up Marco Scutaro 's single to lead off the Red Sox first	True
Lester gave up Justin Upton 's two - run homer in the second inning and then just two more singles . He struck out seven -- giving him a share of the AL lead for strikeouts with 96 -- but also walked three and hit two batters . After Ramon Ramirez put two men on in the ninth	True
After Ramon Ramirez put two men on in the ninth , Jonathan Papelbon got the last out for his 15th save . Lopez allowed six runs , 10 hits and two walks in seven innings and struck out three . Sam Demel , acquired Tuesday in a trade with Oakland , made his major league debut in relief and pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Fenway Park crowd broke into the now-obligatory chant of `` Beat L. A. ! '' in support of the Celtics , who will play Game 7 of the NBA Finals against the Lakers on Thursday night . More surprising was the sound of a vuvuzela -- one of the buzzing horns made famous from the World Cup -- coming from the stands . The Red Sox scored two in the third	True
The next batter , J. D. Drew , hit a line drive to Young 's right , but he could n't get to it and played it off the Green Monster . Pedroia scored , then David Ortiz scored on Adrian Beltre 's infield hit to make it 4 - 2 . Youkilis added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Buck launched a two - run shot off the balcony on the fourth floor of the Western Metal Supply Co. Building in the left-field corner in the fifth inning for a 3 - 1 lead . It was his 12th -- he homered twice in Monday night 's 6 - 3 win . Wells hit his 16th homer on Kevin Correia 's first pitch of the sixth	True
Wells hit his 16th homer on Kevin Correia 's first pitch of the sixth , making it 5 - 1 . Lewis tripled , singled and doubled in his first three at-bats before striking out and then hitting a two - run , bases-loaded single with one out in the ninth	True
Toronto left-hander Ricky Romero ( 6 - 3 ) allowed an unearned run and five hits in six innings , struck out five and walked three . The Padres scored an unearned run in the second	True
His pinch-hit , two - run triple in the ninth inning lifted the Texas Rangers to a 3 - 2 win over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Josh Hamilton led off the ninth	True
His pinch-hit , two - run triple in the ninth inning lifted the Texas Rangers to a 3 - 2 win over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Josh Hamilton led off the ninth with a single and stole second	False
Manager Ron Washington elected to go with Treanor although he had a left-handed bat on the bench to face Nunez , a righty . Neftali Feliz pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Marlins managed just three hits , but drew a season-high eight walks including three apiece by Dan Uggla and Gaby Sanchez . A pair of Rangers players extended their hitting streaks with singles in the first	True
Tampa Bay first baseman Carlos Pena was hitless in four at-bats , ending his streak of six games with at least one homer . He finished two games shy of the major league record shared by Dale Long ( Pittsburgh 1956 ) , Don Mattingly ( New York Yankees 1987 ) and Ken Griffey Jr. ( Seattle 1993 ) . The Rays dropped into a tie for first	False
Tampa Bay first baseman Carlos Pena was hitless in four at-bats , ending his streak of six games with at least one homer . He finished two games shy of the major league record shared by Dale Long ( Pittsburgh 1956 ) , Don Mattingly ( New York Yankees 1987 ) and Ken Griffey Jr. ( Seattle 1993 ) . The Rays dropped into a tie for first in the AL East with the New York Yankees , who beat Houston 9 - 5 Sunday . Tampa Bay had held sole possession of first	False
Rays right-hander Jeff Niemann ( 6 - 1 ) allowed five runs and nine hits over six innings . He was 8 - 0 in 16 starts at home since losing to Boston on May 2 , 2009 . The Marlins scored four times in the sixth	True
The Marlins scored four times in the sixth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Cantu went deep , Stanton hit an RBI single and Helms added a two - run shot . Stanton , a highly touted prospect , also singled in a run with two out in the fourth	True
The Rays tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Ben Zobrist 's sacrifice fly , which was caught by second baseman Dan Uggla . With Uggla running away from the infield , Carl Crawford easily beat his spinning throw to the plate . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
The Pirates matched their longest skid of the season . Leyland did n't want his current team to let down against the franchise he managed from 1986 - 1996 . Phil Coke ( 4 - 0 ) got the win with a scoreless 10th	True
Phil Coke ( 4 - 0 ) got the win with a scoreless 10th . The Pirates made it 3-all in the eighth	True
Phil Coke ( 4 - 0 ) got the win with a scoreless 10th . The Pirates made it 3-all in the eighth when Jose Tabata stretched what looked like a routine one - out single into a double as center fielder Austin Jackson did n't react quickly enough . Tabata stole third	False
The Pirates made it 3-all in the eighth when Jose Tabata stretched what looked like a routine one - out single into a double as center fielder Austin Jackson did n't react quickly enough . Tabata stole third and scored the tying run on Neil Walker 's single through a drawn-in infield . The Tigers put runners on second	False
The Pirates made it 3-all in the eighth when Jose Tabata stretched what looked like a routine one - out single into a double as center fielder Austin Jackson did n't react quickly enough . Tabata stole third and scored the tying run on Neil Walker 's single through a drawn-in infield . The Tigers put runners on second and third	False
The Pirates made it 3-all in the eighth when Jose Tabata stretched what looked like a routine one - out single into a double as center fielder Austin Jackson did n't react quickly enough . Tabata stole third and scored the tying run on Neil Walker 's single through a drawn-in infield . The Tigers put runners on second and third with two outs in the ninth	False
The Tigers put runners on second and third with two outs in the ninth , but Brennan Boesch struck out . Pittsburgh got a run in the second	True
Pittsburgh got a run in the second on Ryan Church 's RBI double , and still had the bases loaded with one out , but Jason Jaramillo bounced into a 1 - 6 - 6 double play . The Tigers tied the game in the bottom half on an unusual double play . With the bases loaded and no one out , Gerald Laird flied out to the wall in right-center field . Boesch scored from third	False
Pittsburgh got a run in the second on Ryan Church 's RBI double , and still had the bases loaded with one out , but Jason Jaramillo bounced into a 1 - 6 - 6 double play . The Tigers tied the game in the bottom half on an unusual double play . With the bases loaded and no one out , Gerald Laird flied out to the wall in right-center field . Boesch scored from third , but Guillen was thrown out trying to take third	False
The Tigers tied the game in the bottom half on an unusual double play . With the bases loaded and no one out , Gerald Laird flied out to the wall in right-center field . Boesch scored from third , but Guillen was thrown out trying to take third . Garrett Jones made it 2 - 1 with a long homer in the fourth	True
The Tigers tied the game in the bottom half on an unusual double play . With the bases loaded and no one out , Gerald Laird flied out to the wall in right-center field . Boesch scored from third , but Guillen was thrown out trying to take third . Garrett Jones made it 2 - 1 with a long homer in the fourth . Ryan Doumit nearly gave the Pirates back-to-back homers , but the umpires ruled that a fan had reached into the field of play to catch the ball , and held him at second	False
Garrett Jones made it 2 - 1 with a long homer in the fourth . Ryan Doumit nearly gave the Pirates back-to-back homers , but the umpires ruled that a fan had reached into the field of play to catch the ball , and held him at second . The Tigers loaded the bases in the fifth	True
The Tigers loaded the bases in the fifth , but Guillen grounded into an inning-ending double play . Detroit took the lead in the seventh	True
Who thought it would take this long to come to fruition ? Buehrle pitched scoreless ball into the seventh	True
Buehrle pitched scoreless ball into the seventh , Paul Konerko drove in two runs and the White Sox handed Carlos Silva his first loss , beating the struggling Cubs 2 - 1 Saturday for their season-high fourth straight win . Konerko delivered a run-scoring single in the first	True
Buehrle pitched scoreless ball into the seventh , Paul Konerko drove in two runs and the White Sox handed Carlos Silva his first loss , beating the struggling Cubs 2 - 1 Saturday for their season-high fourth straight win . Konerko delivered a run-scoring single in the first and another in the seventh	True
Buehrle pitched scoreless ball into the seventh , Paul Konerko drove in two runs and the White Sox handed Carlos Silva his first loss , beating the struggling Cubs 2 - 1 Saturday for their season-high fourth straight win . Konerko delivered a run-scoring single in the first and another in the seventh after Juan Pierre stole second	False
Konerko delivered a run-scoring single in the first and another in the seventh after Juan Pierre stole second , avoiding the tag with a neat dive . Konerko is 20 for 42 in his last 12 games . The Cubs got a run-scoring single from Ryan Theriot off Bobby Jenks with two outs in the ninth	False
The solid outing by Buehrle capped a string of strong performances by a rotation that is finally starting to live up to the hype . White Sox starters have a 1.60 ERA over the past five games -- a big improvement for a group that started the week with an American League-worst 5.28 ERA . The veteran left-hander allowed eight hits and struck out seven without a walk against an all right-handed lineup after going 1 - 6 with a 6.22 ERA in his previous 10 starts . He left to cheers from the White Sox fans after allowing back-to-back singles by Tyler Colvin and Theriot with two outs in the seventh	True
Sergio Santos came in and struck out Tracy with a 97-mph fastball on the outside corner . J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless eighth	True
J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless eighth . Jenks issued a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless eighth . Jenks issued a leadoff walk in the ninth to Geovany Soto , who went to second	False
J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless eighth . Jenks issued a leadoff walk in the ninth to Geovany Soto , who went to second on Kosuke Fukudome 's chopper to the mound for the second	True
Jenks issued a leadoff walk in the ninth to Geovany Soto , who went to second on Kosuke Fukudome 's chopper to the mound for the second out and came around on Theriot 's single to right , but the White Sox hung on . Marlon Byrd had three hits for the Cubs , who fell eight games below .500 for the first time since they were 24 - 32 on June 5 , 2007 . They went on to win the first	False
Silva ( 8 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings while falling short in his bid to become the first Cubs starter to open a season 9 - 0 since Ken Holtzman in 1967 . He set career highs with 123 pitches and two hit batters , and although he was n't at his sharpest , he delivered another solid outing . He allowed consecutive singles by Alexei Ramirez , Alex Rios and Konerko as the White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He allowed consecutive singles by Alexei Ramirez , Alex Rios and Konerko as the White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first and left the bases loaded after hitting A. J. Pierzynski . Pierre set up the White Sox 's second run with a leadoff walk in the seventh	True
He allowed consecutive singles by Alexei Ramirez , Alex Rios and Konerko as the White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first and left the bases loaded after hitting A. J. Pierzynski . Pierre set up the White Sox 's second run with a leadoff walk in the seventh and a spectacular dive to steal second	False
With his mother and father watching from the back of the postgame interview room , Nava was asked about his climb to this moment . Only four players in big league history have hit grand slams in their first at-bat . Nava became the 10th player to homer in his first at-bat for the Red Sox , and just the second	False
As luck would have it , Nava came up the next inning and again the bases loaded were loaded . With the crowd on its feet , Nava struck out on a check swing against Blanton . Nava later hit a line-drive double into the left-center gap , and finished 2 for 4 . Not a bad debut , considering it began on a shaky note -- he had a little trouble corraling Schneider 's double down the left-field line in the top of the second	True
J. D. Drew homered and had three hits for the Red Sox , who beat the Phillies 12 - 2 on the opener of a three - game series on Friday night . Delcarmen ( 2 - 2 ) , the second	False
When he was n't busy on the basepaths , Pineiro ( 5 - 6 ) was dictating from the mound in the Freeway Series opener between two surging teams . The right-hander struck out seven , walked one and retired his final 14 batters to earn his second straight win . Pineiro was especially effective against the heart of the Dodgers ' lineup . Matt Kemp , Andre Ethier , Manny Ramirez and James Loney were a combined 1 for 15 . Ethier walked once , while Loney 's home run in the fourth	True
Chad Billingsley ( 6 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out three and walked three in losing his second straight , while his seven earned runs were a career-high . Pineiro scored the Angels ' first run on Bobby Abreu 's two - out single in the second	True
Martin added , `` I'm sure the last thing he wanted to do was walk the pitcher . You 've got to make him earn his way on . '' Matsui doubled to right field with two outs in the fifth	True
Matsui doubled to right field with two outs in the fifth , giving the Angels a 4 - 1 lead . The ball deflected off Ethier 's glove as he made a diving attempt , allowing Pineiro , Erick Aybar and Hunter to score . The Angels added four runs in the sixth	True
Pineiro took a called third strike in his fourth at-bat . Howie Kendrick added a two - run homer in the ninth	True
It could n't be Friday night . Ninth hitter Ramon Santiago had a two - run homer and the bottom third	False
Ross Ohlendorf ( 0 - 4 ) allowed six runs -- all with two outs -- and 10 hits in six innings . Both starters did n't give up a hit until the third	True
Both starters did n't give up a hit until the third , when Andrew McCutchen 's RBI double put Pittsburgh ahead 1 - 0 . McCutchen doubled to lead off the eighth	True
McCutchen doubled to lead off the eighth and Neil Walker walked on four pitches , chasing Verlander . Phil Coke got Ryan Doumit to hit into a double play , and then Garrett Jones hit an RBI single to make it 6 - 2 . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
Brendan Ryan hit a three - run home run in the seventh inning and the St. Louis Cardinals snapped a four - game losing streak with a 5 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Ryan 's drive ruined an otherwise good pitching performance from Lopez , who was cruising until he allowed back-to-back singles in the seventh	True
Ryan was mired in an 0 - for - 16 slump before his blast . St. Louis scored twice in the second inning off Lopez ( 2 - 5 ) with doubles from Matt Holliday and Skip Schumaker . Schumaker took third	False
Ryan was mired in an 0 - for - 16 slump before his blast . St. Louis scored twice in the second inning off Lopez ( 2 - 5 ) with doubles from Matt Holliday and Skip Schumaker . Schumaker took third on the first	False
Garcia got into a bases-loaded jam in the fourth thanks to an error and two walks , but he got Lopez to ground out to end the threat . In the fifth	True
Garcia got into a bases-loaded jam in the fourth thanks to an error and two walks , but he got Lopez to ground out to end the threat . In the fifth , after a Conor Jackson double and with two out , manager Tony LaRussa elected to intentionally walk Arizona 's Mark Reynolds to put runners on first	False
Garcia got into a bases-loaded jam in the fourth thanks to an error and two walks , but he got Lopez to ground out to end the threat . In the fifth , after a Conor Jackson double and with two out , manager Tony LaRussa elected to intentionally walk Arizona 's Mark Reynolds to put runners on first and second	False
Garcia got into a bases-loaded jam in the fourth thanks to an error and two walks , but he got Lopez to ground out to end the threat . In the fifth , after a Conor Jackson double and with two out , manager Tony LaRussa elected to intentionally walk Arizona 's Mark Reynolds to put runners on first and second . Reynolds entered the game batting .212 and was second	False
The next batter , Adam LaRoche , made the Cardinals pay when he laced a double to right field to drive in Jackson . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
The victory allowed San Diego to pull into a first-place tie in the NL West with the Los Angeles Dodgers , who lost 10 - 1 against the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Pinch hitter Will Venable led off the ninth	True
The victory allowed San Diego to pull into a first-place tie in the NL West with the Los Angeles Dodgers , who lost 10 - 1 against the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Pinch hitter Will Venable led off the ninth with a single off Aardsma ( 0 - 4 ) . He advanced to second	False
Hundley also helped the Padres beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 2 on May 30 at home with a pinch-hit single in the 11th inning . Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jason Vargas allowed a pair of runs in the third inning but pitched out of a couple of jams for Seattle . The right-hander gave up seven hits , struck out five and walked two as he allowed three earned runs or less for the 11th straight start . After falling behind 2 - 0 , the Mariners tied the score in the fifth	True
After falling behind 2 - 0 , the Mariners tied the score in the fifth . Eliezer Alfonzo led off with a double , was sacrificed to third	False
Bradley finished 3 for 4 and had a stolen base . Tony Gwynn put the Padres ahead in the third	True
Cleveland overcame three errors in one inning by third baseman Andy Marte , a 5 - 0 deficit , then a blown save by Kerry Wood along with an eighth-inning disruption by two unruly fans . Adrian Beltre 's two - out , two - run homer in the ninth	True
`` There was n't a point in that inning when I thought I would n't get out of it . I think you have to have that mentality . '' A different mental state arose in the eighth	True
Earlier this season , a fan ran on the field in Philadelphia and was stopped with a Taser . Wood got two fast outs in the ninth	True
Lou Marson 's two - run single in the sixth put Cleveland ahead 6 - 5 against Boston starter Jon Lester . Marte helped atone for his miscues with an RBI single to bring the Indians within 5 - 4 in the sixth	True
Marte become the first major leaguer with three errors in an inning since Chicago White Sox third baseman Andy Gonzalez on Aug. 30 , 2007 . According to the Elias Sports Bureau , the last Indians player to commit three errors in an inning was shortstop Frank Duffy on Sept. 24 , 1972 -- in the 11th inning of the first game of a doubleheader against the New York Yankees . Marte bobbled a ground ball by Kevin Youkilis with the bases loaded , scoring one run . Later , he made two errors on one play as two runs scored when he mishandled a grounder hit by Mike Cameron , scrambled after it and threw wildly to first	False
Juan Uribe drove in four runs with two singles , providing the Giants ' final lead in a back-and-forth game , and a bullpen that has struggled away from home was nearly perfect Monday night , holding on for a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds . Uribe had a two - run single in the third	True
Juan Uribe drove in four runs with two singles , providing the Giants ' final lead in a back-and-forth game , and a bullpen that has struggled away from home was nearly perfect Monday night , holding on for a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds . Uribe had a two - run single in the third and another in the seventh	True
The Giants ' bullpen has been a mess on the road this season , putting up a combined 4.96 ERA . It had to survive one of the majors ' most hitter-friendly ballparks to keep San Francisco on its winning surge . It not only survived , but made it look easy . After starter Barry Zito left with two outs in the sixth	True
It not only survived , but made it look easy . After starter Barry Zito left with two outs in the sixth , four relievers held the Reds without a hit or a walk the rest of the way . Sergio Romo ( 2 - 3 ) got the victory in relief . Brian Wilson recovered from a blown save in his last outing , pitching a perfect ninth	True
Zito , winless since May 16 , could n't hold an early 4 - 1 lead that was set up by his rare two - RBI hit . The pitcher had only five career RBIs -- none this season -- when he came to bat against Johnny Cueto in the second	True
The Angels roughed up Seattle pitching for 38 hits and 27 runs during the three - game series . After the Mariners rallied to tie it at 4 in the sixth	True
After the Mariners rallied to tie it at 4 in the sixth , Napoli jumped on a high slider from Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 1 ) , driving it over the right-field wall and the outstretched arm of Ichiro Suzuki . Napoli also singled and scored in the ninth	True
After a leadoff walk to Suzuki in the bottom half , Chone Figgins hit a chopper between the mound and third base . Pineiro fielded the ball but collided with a charging Kevin Frandsen , allowing Figgins to reach on an infield single . Jose Lopez singled past a diving Aybar at shortstop to score Suzuki , but Figgins was thrown out by left fielder Rivera trying to advance to third	False
After a leadoff walk to Suzuki in the bottom half , Chone Figgins hit a chopper between the mound and third base . Pineiro fielded the ball but collided with a charging Kevin Frandsen , allowing Figgins to reach on an infield single . Jose Lopez singled past a diving Aybar at shortstop to score Suzuki , but Figgins was thrown out by left fielder Rivera trying to advance to third . Milton Bradley followed with a double to deep left-center to score Lopez from first	False
Jose Lopez singled past a diving Aybar at shortstop to score Suzuki , but Figgins was thrown out by left fielder Rivera trying to advance to third . Milton Bradley followed with a double to deep left-center to score Lopez from first , and Josh Wilson hit an RBI triple to give the Mariners a 3 - 1 lead . Figgins disagreed with a strike called by plate umpire Tim Timmons in the second inning . He was ahead in the count 3 - 1 when Timmons called a strike on the outside corner . Figgins grounded out to second	False
Timmons then ejected Figgins from the game , prompting Seattle manager Don Wakamatsu to come out of the dugout . After a long conversation , first base umpire and crew chief Tim Tschida got involved . Wakamatsu became increasingly more animated and was tossed as well . Napoli led off the fourth	True
Timmons then ejected Figgins from the game , prompting Seattle manager Don Wakamatsu to come out of the dugout . After a long conversation , first base umpire and crew chief Tim Tschida got involved . Wakamatsu became increasingly more animated and was tossed as well . Napoli led off the fourth with a single and scored on a double off the wall in left by Robb Quinlan that was misplayed by Michael Saunders . Matsui tied it 3-all in the fifth	True
Napoli led off the fourth with a single and scored on a double off the wall in left by Robb Quinlan that was misplayed by Michael Saunders . Matsui tied it 3-all in the fifth with a towering home run into the right-field seats . The Angels staged a two - out rally in the sixth	True
Jenrry Mejia and Fernando Nieve finished up for the Mets , who have won 17 of 21 at Citi Field . New York , which is 8 - 18 on the road , has taken the first two games of a three - game series after dropping six meetings in a row to the Marlins . Back on a big league mound after one minor league rehab assignment , Niese struck out six , walked one and induced a pair of inning-ending double plays in a game that took just 2 hours , 15 minutes . He did not go to a three - ball count until facing Jorge Cantu leading off the seventh	True
Back on a big league mound after one minor league rehab assignment , Niese struck out six , walked one and induced a pair of inning-ending double plays in a game that took just 2 hours , 15 minutes . He did not go to a three - ball count until facing Jorge Cantu leading off the seventh . Davis doubled to start the second	True
Davis doubled to start the second , ending a 5 - for - 38 skid ( .132 ) . Francoeur hit an RBI single and Tejada , who has provided a surprising offensive spark since coming up from the minors Friday , cracked a run-scoring double off the left-field fence . Angel Pagan hit a leadoff double in the third	True
Angel Pagan hit a leadoff double in the third and scored on Davis ' one - out single . Wright followed with a long drive onto a second-tier balcony in the left-field corner for his 10th home run this season -- equaling last year 's total . It was Wright 's first homer at Citi Field since connecting off Florida ace Josh Johnson on opening day , and seventh	False
It was Wright 's first homer at Citi Field since connecting off Florida ace Josh Johnson on opening day , and seventh here since the ballpark opened last year . Davis doubled again with two outs in the fifth	True
It was Wright 's first homer at Citi Field since connecting off Florida ace Josh Johnson on opening day , and seventh here since the ballpark opened last year . Davis doubled again with two outs in the fifth and scored on Wright 's single , making it 6 - 0 . Davis also singled leading off the eighth	False
Davis doubled again with two outs in the fifth and scored on Wright 's single , making it 6 - 0 . Davis also singled leading off the eighth . Dan Uggla doubled in the seventh	False
Led by Berkman and Michael Bourn , who had three hits and scored twice , Houston finally managed to get Paulino some runs . Matt Lindstrom pitched a perfect ninth	True
Zambrano was 2 - 0 with a 0.90 ERA in four previous starts against the Astros , including a no-hitter in September 2008 , but he struggled with his control early on , leading to a short outing . Bourn led off the first	True
Zambrano was 2 - 0 with a 0.90 ERA in four previous starts against the Astros , including a no-hitter in September 2008 , but he struggled with his control early on , leading to a short outing . Bourn led off the first with a single , advanced on Jeff Keppinger 's groundout and scored on Berkman 's drive to the left-field corner . Left fielder Alfonso Soriano threw the ball to the infield in time for the Cubs to catch Berkman in a rundown between first	False
Zambrano was 2 - 0 with a 0.90 ERA in four previous starts against the Astros , including a no-hitter in September 2008 , but he struggled with his control early on , leading to a short outing . Bourn led off the first with a single , advanced on Jeff Keppinger 's groundout and scored on Berkman 's drive to the left-field corner . Left fielder Alfonso Soriano threw the ball to the infield in time for the Cubs to catch Berkman in a rundown between first and second	False
Houston loaded the bases when Zambrano gave up a double to Carlos Lee and two - out walks to Cory Sullivan and Geoff Blum . Pitching coach Larry Rothschild visited the mound , and Pedro Feliz popped up to end Zambrano 's 34-pitch inning . Paulino escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third	True
Paulino escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third when Aramis Ramirez fouled out to Berkman to end the inning . The Cubs had a scare in the fifth	True
Paulino escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third when Aramis Ramirez fouled out to Berkman to end the inning . The Cubs had a scare in the fifth when rookie shortstop Starlin Castro was shaken up sliding into third	False
Paulino escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third when Aramis Ramirez fouled out to Berkman to end the inning . The Cubs had a scare in the fifth when rookie shortstop Starlin Castro was shaken up sliding into third on Zambrano 's bunt up the third-base line . Third baseman Feliz threw out Zambrano and catcher Humberto Quintero ran to third	False
Paulino escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third when Aramis Ramirez fouled out to Berkman to end the inning . The Cubs had a scare in the fifth when rookie shortstop Starlin Castro was shaken up sliding into third on Zambrano 's bunt up the third-base line . Third baseman Feliz threw out Zambrano and catcher Humberto Quintero ran to third to take the throw from first	False
Castro remained in the game and scored on Marlon Byrd 's double to the left-field corner . He had scrapes and cuts on his right forearm and left shoulder , but said he was OK . Bourn singled in the bottom half , stole second	False
Piniella then replaced Zambrano with left-hander Tom Gorzelanny , who was making his first relief appearance after nine starts this season . Berkman drove Gorzelanny 's first pitch off the left-field scoreboard for a double to give Houston a 3 - 1 lead . Paulino struck out at least one hitter in every inning between the fourth	True
Piniella then replaced Zambrano with left-hander Tom Gorzelanny , who was making his first relief appearance after nine starts this season . Berkman drove Gorzelanny 's first pitch off the left-field scoreboard for a double to give Houston a 3 - 1 lead . Paulino struck out at least one hitter in every inning between the fourth and the eighth	True
Piniella then replaced Zambrano with left-hander Tom Gorzelanny , who was making his first relief appearance after nine starts this season . Berkman drove Gorzelanny 's first pitch off the left-field scoreboard for a double to give Houston a 3 - 1 lead . Paulino struck out at least one hitter in every inning between the fourth and the eighth . Bourn helped Paulino with a sharp defensive play in the seventh	True
The 6-foot-7 right-hander allowed one run , seven hits , and three walks while striking out eight . He threw 75 of his 115 pitches for strikes . Clay Hensley pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Milwaukee 's Chris Capuano ( 0 - 1 ) made his first start in the majors since Sept. 28 , 2007 , against San Diego . Capuano , returning from Tommy John surgery , got off to a good start , but ran into trouble in the fourth inning . With the Marlins leading 1 - 0 on an RBI double by Paulino in the second	True
Milwaukee 's Chris Capuano ( 0 - 1 ) made his first start in the majors since Sept. 28 , 2007 , against San Diego . Capuano , returning from Tommy John surgery , got off to a good start , but ran into trouble in the fourth inning . With the Marlins leading 1 - 0 on an RBI double by Paulino in the second , Jorge Cantu and Uggla hit back-to-back doubles to open the fourth	True
Capuano allowed three runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings in addition to walking one and throwing two wild pitches . He struck out four . Weeks hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
PITTSBURGH -- The hometown kid 's first home run helped the Pirates do what they do best -- beat the Chicago Cubs . Pittsburgh-area native Neil Walker hit a two - run homer to the deepest part of the ballpark in left-center to put the Pirates ahead in the eighth	True
Xavier Nady -- one of several backups in the Cubs lineup -- had four hits , including his third home run , but Chicago lost for the fourth time in five games . Pittsburgh 's Garrett Jones homered for the second consecutive day , Joel Hanrahan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect top of the eighth	True
Xavier Nady -- one of several backups in the Cubs lineup -- had four hits , including his third home run , but Chicago lost for the fourth time in five games . Pittsburgh 's Garrett Jones homered for the second consecutive day , Joel Hanrahan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect top of the eighth and Octavio Dotel a perfect ninth	True
Cubs manager Lou Piniella , trying desperately to find a lineup that will produce consistent offense , juggled his starters again . Chicago had scored only nine runs in its previous four games . No fewer than four Cubs regulars did not start -- and that does n't even include Ryan Theriot , who was recently benched for Mike Fontenot at second base . Nady started for Derrek Lee at first	False
Cubs manager Lou Piniella , trying desperately to find a lineup that will produce consistent offense , juggled his starters again . Chicago had scored only nine runs in its previous four games . No fewer than four Cubs regulars did not start -- and that does n't even include Ryan Theriot , who was recently benched for Mike Fontenot at second base . Nady started for Derrek Lee at first , Jeff Baker replaced Aramis Ramirez at third	False
Before the game , Piniella philosophized about his offense and how he `` clings '' to the hope of it turning around . Afterward , he was in no mood to discuss much of anything . The lineup shuffle seemed to pay off when Nady homered with Kosuke Fukudome aboard and one out in the third	True
The lineup shuffle seemed to pay off when Nady homered with Kosuke Fukudome aboard and one out in the third . It gave Chicago a 2 - 0 lead and twice as many runs as it had scored in four of the previous five games . The Cubs ' most recent three wins had come by shutout . Jones erased that possibility when he led off the fourth	True
An inning prior , Pittsburgh had an apparent run taken away when Lastings Milledge was thrown out trying to stretch his two - out hit into a triple before starting pitcher Jeff Karstens crossed home plate . For a team with its own offensive troubles -- the Pirates , at 15th	False
An inning prior , Pittsburgh had an apparent run taken away when Lastings Milledge was thrown out trying to stretch his two - out hit into a triple before starting pitcher Jeff Karstens crossed home plate . For a team with its own offensive troubles -- the Pirates , at 15th , rank two spots below the Cubs in the National League in runs -- wasting an opportunity to score appeared too much to overcome until the eighth	True
Lilly had n't officially pitched more than seven innings since September , but threw a season-high 112 pitches Tuesday . After one out in the eighth	True
Barmes also hit a sacrifice fly and has driven in four of Colorado 's six runs in the first two games of this series . The Rockies had runners thrown out at the plate in the ninth	True
Barmes also hit a sacrifice fly and has driven in four of Colorado 's six runs in the first two games of this series . The Rockies had runners thrown out at the plate in the ninth and 10th innings before finally breaking through in the 11th	True
The Rockies had runners thrown out at the plate in the ninth and 10th innings before finally breaking through in the 11th on Barmes ' hit . He also hit a two - run single off Tim Lincecum in Monday 's win and now has 23 RBIs on the season -- the second	False
Santiago Casilla ( 1 - 1 ) retired the first two batters before allowing a single to Miguel Olivo and walking Melvin Mora . Barmes then lined a double just inside the left-field line that scored Olivo with the go-ahead run . Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	True
Colorado 's bullpen allowed one baserunner in 4 1/3 innings . The Rockies improved to 6 - 2 in a 12-game stretch against division foes . Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth	True
Colorado 's bullpen allowed one baserunner in 4 1/3 innings . The Rockies improved to 6 - 2 in a 12-game stretch against division foes . Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first	False
Colorado 's bullpen allowed one baserunner in 4 1/3 innings . The Rockies improved to 6 - 2 in a 12-game stretch against division foes . Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second	False
Colorado 's bullpen allowed one baserunner in 4 1/3 innings . The Rockies improved to 6 - 2 in a 12-game stretch against division foes . Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second and two outs in the ninth	True
Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second and two outs in the ninth , Mora lined a two - out single to right . Andres Torres charged and fielded the ball on one bounce . He threw a three - hopper to the plate and Bengie Molina slapped the tag on pinch-runner Johnny Herrera just before he touched home plate to preserve the tie . Then with runners on first	False
Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second and two outs in the ninth , Mora lined a two - out single to right . Andres Torres charged and fielded the ball on one bounce . He threw a three - hopper to the plate and Bengie Molina slapped the tag on pinch-runner Johnny Herrera just before he touched home plate to preserve the tie . Then with runners on first and third	False
Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second and two outs in the ninth , Mora lined a two - out single to right . Andres Torres charged and fielded the ball on one bounce . He threw a three - hopper to the plate and Bengie Molina slapped the tag on pinch-runner Johnny Herrera just before he touched home plate to preserve the tie . Then with runners on first and third and no outs in the 10th	True
Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second and two outs in the ninth , Mora lined a two - out single to right . Andres Torres charged and fielded the ball on one bounce . He threw a three - hopper to the plate and Bengie Molina slapped the tag on pinch-runner Johnny Herrera just before he touched home plate to preserve the tie . Then with runners on first and third and no outs in the 10th , Brian Wilson got Carlos Gonzalez to ground out to third	False
Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second and two outs in the ninth , Mora lined a two - out single to right . Andres Torres charged and fielded the ball on one bounce . He threw a three - hopper to the plate and Bengie Molina slapped the tag on pinch-runner Johnny Herrera just before he touched home plate to preserve the tie . Then with runners on first and third and no outs in the 10th , Brian Wilson got Carlos Gonzalez to ground out to third with Barmes holding . Then with runners on first	False
Colorado missed good chances to score the go-ahead run in both the ninth and 10th innings . With runners on first and second and two outs in the ninth , Mora lined a two - out single to right . Andres Torres charged and fielded the ball on one bounce . He threw a three - hopper to the plate and Bengie Molina slapped the tag on pinch-runner Johnny Herrera just before he touched home plate to preserve the tie . Then with runners on first and third and no outs in the 10th , Brian Wilson got Carlos Gonzalez to ground out to third with Barmes holding . Then with runners on first and second	False
Then with runners on first and third and no outs in the 10th , Brian Wilson got Carlos Gonzalez to ground out to third with Barmes holding . Then with runners on first and second , Ryan Spilborghs grounded to third baseman Pablo Sandoval , who easily threw out Barmes at the plate . The Rockies tied the game at 1 in the seventh	True
Then with runners on first and third and no outs in the 10th , Brian Wilson got Carlos Gonzalez to ground out to third with Barmes holding . Then with runners on first and second , Ryan Spilborghs grounded to third baseman Pablo Sandoval , who easily threw out Barmes at the plate . The Rockies tied the game at 1 in the seventh when Olivo singled with one out and went to third	False
That was the only run Colorado scored off Barry Zito , who did n't allow a runner to get into scoring position until Spilborghs ' one - out double in the sixth inning . Zito allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out eight . Jason Hammel retired the first nine batters he faced before San Francisco broke through for the first time this series . Torres led off the fourth inning with a drive to right field that bounced into McCovey Cove to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco threatened later in the fourth	True
That was the only run Colorado scored off Barry Zito , who did n't allow a runner to get into scoring position until Spilborghs ' one - out double in the sixth inning . Zito allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out eight . Jason Hammel retired the first nine batters he faced before San Francisco broke through for the first time this series . Torres led off the fourth inning with a drive to right field that bounced into McCovey Cove to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco threatened later in the fourth and again in the fifth	True
Jason Hammel retired the first nine batters he faced before San Francisco broke through for the first time this series . Torres led off the fourth inning with a drive to right field that bounced into McCovey Cove to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco threatened later in the fourth and again in the fifth but was unable to add anything else against Hammel . He was helped out by a nifty double play turned by Barmes in the seventh	True
Jason Hammel retired the first nine batters he faced before San Francisco broke through for the first time this series . Torres led off the fourth inning with a drive to right field that bounced into McCovey Cove to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco threatened later in the fourth and again in the fifth but was unable to add anything else against Hammel . He was helped out by a nifty double play turned by Barmes in the seventh . With Buster Posey running from first	False
Jason Hammel retired the first nine batters he faced before San Francisco broke through for the first time this series . Torres led off the fourth inning with a drive to right field that bounced into McCovey Cove to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco threatened later in the fourth and again in the fifth but was unable to add anything else against Hammel . He was helped out by a nifty double play turned by Barmes in the seventh . With Buster Posey running from first , Molina hit a grounder up the middle . Barmes fielded it while moving to cover second	False
Jason Hammel retired the first nine batters he faced before San Francisco broke through for the first time this series . Torres led off the fourth inning with a drive to right field that bounced into McCovey Cove to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco threatened later in the fourth and again in the fifth but was unable to add anything else against Hammel . He was helped out by a nifty double play turned by Barmes in the seventh . With Buster Posey running from first , Molina hit a grounder up the middle . Barmes fielded it while moving to cover second and tagged out Posey as he slid into the base before throwing out Molina at first	False
Vazquez 's up-and-down return to New York took a swing back in the right direction . He toyed with the Baltimore lineup , allowing a single to Adam Jones in the third	True
Vazquez 's up-and-down return to New York took a swing back in the right direction . He toyed with the Baltimore lineup , allowing a single to Adam Jones in the third before Corey Patterson stunned the crowd of 43,059 that included `` Seinfeld '' co-creator Larry David and former Secretary of State Colin Powell with a liner into the second deck in right with two outs in the sixth	True
Vazquez had n't won as a Yankees starter at home since Aug. 2004 , when he faltered in the second half of his only season in New York . He was winless in two starts this season at home , though got one out for a win in relief when his start was skipped against Boston . Mariano Rivera pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Vazquez had n't won as a Yankees starter at home since Aug. 2004 , when he faltered in the second half of his only season in New York . He was winless in two starts this season at home , though got one out for a win in relief when his start was skipped against Boston . Mariano Rivera pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save 12 chances . For the second	False
Vazquez had n't won as a Yankees starter at home since Aug. 2004 , when he faltered in the second half of his only season in New York . He was winless in two starts this season at home , though got one out for a win in relief when his start was skipped against Boston . Mariano Rivera pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save 12 chances . For the second out of the inning , Wigginton grounded to first baseman Juan Miranda and ran down the first-base line , but when Miranda approached he backpedaled to avoid being tagged by Miranda , who after a pause trotted back to first	False
Miranda was playing first base because Mark Teixeira left after the third inning with a bruised left foot . He fouled a ball off the foot . X-rays were negative and he is day to day . Matusz ( 2 - 6 ) left with runners on second	False
Miranda was playing first base because Mark Teixeira left after the third inning with a bruised left foot . He fouled a ball off the foot . X-rays were negative and he is day to day . Matusz ( 2 - 6 ) left with runners on second and third	False
Miranda was playing first base because Mark Teixeira left after the third inning with a bruised left foot . He fouled a ball off the foot . X-rays were negative and he is day to day . Matusz ( 2 - 6 ) left with runners on second and third with two outs in the seventh	True
Matusz ( 2 - 6 ) left with runners on second and third with two outs in the seventh . He had given up 13 runs in his last two starts and lost five decisions in a row , but gave up six hits and three runs -- one earned . Matusz has n't won in eight starts since April 18 . Curtis Granderson , batting eighth	False
Curtis Granderson , batting eighth because he was hitting .235 against lefties coming in , homered to right-center in the fifth inning to give New York a 1 - 0 led . It was just the fourth extra-base hit by a lefty this season off the left-handed Matusz . The Yankees put runners on first	False
Curtis Granderson , batting eighth because he was hitting .235 against lefties coming in , homered to right-center in the fifth inning to give New York a 1 - 0 led . It was just the fourth extra-base hit by a lefty this season off the left-handed Matusz . The Yankees put runners on first and third	False
Curtis Granderson , batting eighth because he was hitting .235 against lefties coming in , homered to right-center in the fifth inning to give New York a 1 - 0 led . It was just the fourth extra-base hit by a lefty this season off the left-handed Matusz . The Yankees put runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth	True
The Yankees put runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth after Rodriguez led off with a laser to right-center that not even Jones , in a full out dive , could catch , and Robinson Cano singled , but Matusz induced two infield popups and struck out Granderson looking on a pitch on the corner after jamming him inside with the previous pitch . Matusz received help from his outfield . Patterson made a sliding catch of a sinking liner in left field in the third	True
The Yankees put runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth after Rodriguez led off with a laser to right-center that not even Jones , in a full out dive , could catch , and Robinson Cano singled , but Matusz induced two infield popups and struck out Granderson looking on a pitch on the corner after jamming him inside with the previous pitch . Matusz received help from his outfield . Patterson made a sliding catch of a sinking liner in left field in the third , and Gold Glover Jones made a long running catch in front of the wall in center field with a runner on first	False
The Yankees put runners on first and third with no outs in the sixth after Rodriguez led off with a laser to right-center that not even Jones , in a full out dive , could catch , and Robinson Cano singled , but Matusz induced two infield popups and struck out Granderson looking on a pitch on the corner after jamming him inside with the previous pitch . Matusz received help from his outfield . Patterson made a sliding catch of a sinking liner in left field in the third , and Gold Glover Jones made a long running catch in front of the wall in center field with a runner on first in the fourth	True
Matusz received help from his outfield . Patterson made a sliding catch of a sinking liner in left field in the third , and Gold Glover Jones made a long running catch in front of the wall in center field with a runner on first in the fourth . In the seventh	True
Matusz received help from his outfield . Patterson made a sliding catch of a sinking liner in left field in the third , and Gold Glover Jones made a long running catch in front of the wall in center field with a runner on first in the fourth . In the seventh , the Orioles put runners on second	False
Matusz received help from his outfield . Patterson made a sliding catch of a sinking liner in left field in the third , and Gold Glover Jones made a long running catch in front of the wall in center field with a runner on first in the fourth . In the seventh , the Orioles put runners on second and third	False
Florida won for the 13th time in 19 games and is 11 - 5 since the All-Star break . The Marlins are tied with the New York Mets for third	False
The Padres ' lead in the NL West is down to 1 1/2 games over the San Francisco Giants , who beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2 - 1 . It 's the Padres ' slimmest lead since July 10 , when they were one game up on Colorado . With the Marlins leading 6 - 1 , Nolasco ( 12 - 7 ) was two outs from his second complete game of the season and fifth	False
Miguel Tejada followed with a single to center for his first hit with the Padres . Tejada was forced on Nick Hundley 's grounder and Nunez retired Will Venable on a grounder to get his 26th save in 31 chances . Nolasco held the Padres hitless until Scott Hairston led off the sixth	True
Miguel Tejada followed with a single to center for his first hit with the Padres . Tejada was forced on Nick Hundley 's grounder and Nunez retired Will Venable on a grounder to get his 26th save in 31 chances . Nolasco held the Padres hitless until Scott Hairston led off the sixth with a homer to left , his 10th	False
Miguel Tejada followed with a single to center for his first hit with the Padres . Tejada was forced on Nick Hundley 's grounder and Nunez retired Will Venable on a grounder to get his 26th save in 31 chances . Nolasco held the Padres hitless until Scott Hairston led off the sixth with a homer to left , his 10th . The right-hander faced one over the minimum through seven innings . Nolasco 's only walk was in the first	True
The Marlins have hit four home runs in two nights at spacious Petco Park , and 12 in six games on their swing through San Francisco and San Diego . They have 20 in 16 games since the break . Cody Ross and Gaby Sanchez homered in the Marlins ' 4 - 2 win Friday night . Uggla , in his fifth big league season , had been tied with Mike Lowell for the franchise home run lead before hitting a solo shot into the second deck in left-center with one out in the sixth	True
Rodriguez said everyone in the dugout was aware of the franchise record . With Uggla aboard on a leadoff walk in the second	True
Rodriguez said everyone in the dugout was aware of the franchise record . With Uggla aboard on a leadoff walk in the second , Stanton homered with one out , also into the second deck . It was his ninth	False
Both came off Kevin Correia ( 7 - 7 ) . Correia allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , struck out four and walked four . Hanley Ramirez singled with one out in the seventh	True
Both came off Kevin Correia ( 7 - 7 ) . Correia allowed three runs and four hits in six innings , struck out four and walked four . Hanley Ramirez singled with one out in the seventh and scored when left fielder Scott Hairston committed two errors on Logan Morrison 's fly ball . Sanchez hit a two - run single in the ninth	True
Pitching with flu-like symptoms , Shaun Marcum ( 10 - 4 ) worked seven innings to win his third straight start . The right-hander allowed one run and three hits , walked none and struck out a season-high 10 , one shy of his career best . Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston lifted Marcum after the seventh	True
Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston lifted Marcum after the seventh and sent him home before telling him to take Saturday off as well . Marcum was perfect through the first four innings but Indians catcher Carlos Santana led off the fourth	True
Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston lifted Marcum after the seventh and sent him home before telling him to take Saturday off as well . Marcum was perfect through the first four innings but Indians catcher Carlos Santana led off the fourth with a single off Overbay 's glove . Austin Kearns followed with a double past Edwin Encarnacion at third	False
Marcum was perfect through the first four innings but Indians catcher Carlos Santana led off the fourth with a single off Overbay 's glove . Austin Kearns followed with a double past Edwin Encarnacion at third before Matt LaPorta ended Marcum 's shutout bid with a sacrifice fly . Casey Janssen pitched the eighth	True
Marcum was perfect through the first four innings but Indians catcher Carlos Santana led off the fourth with a single off Overbay 's glove . Austin Kearns followed with a double past Edwin Encarnacion at third before Matt LaPorta ended Marcum 's shutout bid with a sacrifice fly . Casey Janssen pitched the eighth and Shawn Camp worked the ninth	False
Casey Janssen pitched the eighth and Shawn Camp worked the ninth for Toronto . Kearns was lifted for pinch-runner Chris Gimenez after singling in the seventh	True
Kearns said he was excited by the prospect of playing in a pennant race at Yankee Stadium . Lewis opened the third	True
Kearns said he was excited by the prospect of playing in a pennant race at Yankee Stadium . Lewis opened the third with a drive to center , his seventh	False
Kearns said he was excited by the prospect of playing in a pennant race at Yankee Stadium . Lewis opened the third with a drive to center , his seventh , and Bautista hit his third career slam in Toronto 's six - run , 10-batter fourth	True
Lewis opened the third with a drive to center , his seventh , and Bautista hit his third career slam in Toronto 's six - run , 10-batter fourth . Encarnacion and Yunel Escobar hit RBI singles in the inning , with all the damage coming off Masterson ( 3 - 10 ) . Toronto chased Masterson in the sixth	True
Lewis opened the third with a drive to center , his seventh , and Bautista hit his third career slam in Toronto 's six - run , 10-batter fourth . Encarnacion and Yunel Escobar hit RBI singles in the inning , with all the damage coming off Masterson ( 3 - 10 ) . Toronto chased Masterson in the sixth when Escobar singled , went to third	False
Milwaukee manager Ken Macha liked the Astros ' newest starter . All the Astros ' runs came on homers . Jason Michaels hit a solo shot in the second	True
Milwaukee manager Ken Macha liked the Astros ' newest starter . All the Astros ' runs came on homers . Jason Michaels hit a solo shot in the second , and Chris Johnson added a three - run homer in the fourth	True
All the Astros ' runs came on homers . Jason Michaels hit a solo shot in the second , and Chris Johnson added a three - run homer in the fourth . Johnson extended his career-best hitting streak to 13 games . Jeff Keppinger hit his fifth	False
All the Astros ' runs came on homers . Jason Michaels hit a solo shot in the second , and Chris Johnson added a three - run homer in the fourth . Johnson extended his career-best hitting streak to 13 games . Jeff Keppinger hit his fifth of the season in the eighth	True
Johnson went 2 for 3 and is hitting .417 in his streak . Happ left two runners stranded in the fourth	True
Altogether in the three games , the Twins scored 11 runs in the first innings . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth	True
Denard Span singled on Bannister 's first pitch and Mauer hit his fourth double in three days before Young muscled a 3 - 1 pitch 436 feet over the fence in left . Repko hit his second home run of the year in the second inning , and then the Twins made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
Denard Span singled on Bannister 's first pitch and Mauer hit his fourth double in three days before Young muscled a 3 - 1 pitch 436 feet over the fence in left . Repko hit his second home run of the year in the second inning , and then the Twins made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on Span 's RBI single . Jason Kubel added a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Repko hit his second home run of the year in the second inning , and then the Twins made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on Span 's RBI single . Jason Kubel added a sacrifice fly in the ninth . The Royals caught a break in the eighth	True
Repko hit his second home run of the year in the second inning , and then the Twins made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on Span 's RBI single . Jason Kubel added a sacrifice fly in the ninth . The Royals caught a break in the eighth when Billy Butler was safe at second	False
Repko hit his second home run of the year in the second inning , and then the Twins made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on Span 's RBI single . Jason Kubel added a sacrifice fly in the ninth . The Royals caught a break in the eighth when Billy Butler was safe at second after shortstop J. J. Hardy , who had just come in for an injured Nick Punto , made a high toss to second	False
The Royals caught a break in the eighth when Billy Butler was safe at second after shortstop J. J. Hardy , who had just come in for an injured Nick Punto , made a high toss to second on a possible double-play grounder . The play was first ruled an error but then changed to a hit , and Rick Ankiel 's two - out , two - run single off Jose Mijares made it 5 - 4 . Punto left the game in the eighth	True
Rajai Davis had three hits for the A 's , who are 8 - 3 since the All-Star break . Oakland pulled within 7 1/2 games of the AL West-leading Rangers , moving past the Los Angeles Angels and into sole possession of second place for the first time since June 4 . The Rangers broke up the shutout bid in the ninth	True
The Rangers broke up the shutout bid in the ninth on Vladimir Guerrero 's RBI single off Michael Wuertz , who gave up the game-winning , two - run homer to Nelson Cruz in the 10th inning Tuesday night . Craig Breslow struck out major league batting leader Josh Hamilton and Cruz for his first save of the season and second	False
Craig Breslow struck out major league batting leader Josh Hamilton and Cruz for his first save of the season and second of his career . A 's closer Andrew Bailey was unavailable due to back spasms . Rangers starter Colby Lewis ( 9 - 7 ) matched Cahill until Suzuki 's one - out homer in the sixth	True
Rangers starter Colby Lewis ( 9 - 7 ) matched Cahill until Suzuki 's one - out homer in the sixth . Suzuki added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Rangers starter Colby Lewis ( 9 - 7 ) matched Cahill until Suzuki 's one - out homer in the sixth . Suzuki added an RBI single in the eighth off Darren Oliver . Suzuki later scored from second	False
Cruz went 1 for 4 to stretch his career-best hitting streak to 16 games . Texas had runners at the corners with two outs in the fourth	True
Bautista hit two homers , giving him a major league-leading 30 , Ricky Romero pitched 7 2/3 strong innings and Toronto beat Baltimore 8 - 2 on Tuesday night , the Blue Jays ' 11th straight win over the Orioles . When the season started , Bautista figured he would see plenty of good pitches leading off in front of Adam Lind , Aaron Hill and Vernon Wells . Now , he is batting third	False
It was the fifth multihomer game of the season for Bautista , who has connected in three straight games and leads the AL with 10 in July . He finished 4 for 4 with a walk and five RBIs . Bautista hit a three - run drive off Kevin Millwood in the first inning and added a two - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the eighth	True
Toronto shortstop Yunel Escobar went 3 for 5 and is batting .386 ( 17 for 44 ) since joining the Blue Jays in a July 14 trade with Atlanta . He has hit safely in all 10 games with Toronto . Escobar had the defensive highlight , drawing an ovation from the crowd of 16,862 after making a behind-the-back flip to force out Jake Fox at second	False
Toronto shortstop Yunel Escobar went 3 for 5 and is batting .386 ( 17 for 44 ) since joining the Blue Jays in a July 14 trade with Atlanta . He has hit safely in all 10 games with Toronto . Escobar had the defensive highlight , drawing an ovation from the crowd of 16,862 after making a behind-the-back flip to force out Jake Fox at second in the fifth	True
The Orioles , baseball 's worst team at 31 - 69 , have lost 10 of 12 games since the All-Star break , including the past four . Romero ( 8 - 7 ) retired 12 of the first 13 batters he faced and did n't allow a run until the eighth	True
Toronto wasted no time in jumping on Millwood . Fred Lewis and Escobar led off with consecutive singles and Bautista blasted a 1 - 0 fastball into the second deck in left . The Blue Jays added one more on a bases loaded walk to Lyle Overbay in the third	True
Toronto wasted no time in jumping on Millwood . Fred Lewis and Escobar led off with consecutive singles and Bautista blasted a 1 - 0 fastball into the second deck in left . The Blue Jays added one more on a bases loaded walk to Lyle Overbay in the third , then made it 6 - 0 on a two - run double by Wells in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays added one more on a bases loaded walk to Lyle Overbay in the third , then made it 6 - 0 on a two - run double by Wells in the fourth . Baltimore broke through in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays added one more on a bases loaded walk to Lyle Overbay in the third , then made it 6 - 0 on a two - run double by Wells in the fourth . Baltimore broke through in the eighth when Julio Lugo and Miguel Tejada singled and Nick Markakis followed with an RBI double . Luke Scott hit a sacrifice fly to right , but Bautista threw out Markakis trying to advance to third	False
Bautista answered in the bottom half with a one - out drive to center , his seventh career multihomer game . Downs finished with a perfect ninth	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays finally wound up on the right side of a memorable pitching performance . Matt Garza threw the first no-hitter in franchise history and the fifth	False
It 's also the first time in 37 years that two no-hitters have occurred in the same AL ballpark in one season . After going 1,006 games without one at Tropicana Field , two have been tossed in the last 11 games at the hitter-friendly dome . Garza , the 2008 AL championship series MVP , rebounded from one of his worst outings this season to win his fourth straight decision and tie a career best for victories . He retired pinch-hitter Ramon Santiago for the final out on an easy fly ball to right fielder Ben Zobrist , who made a terrific running catch in the third	True
The closest Detroit 's injury-depleted lineup came to a hit was Worth 's two - out liner , but Zobrist made a leaping grab above his head as he ran toward the wall . Tigers cleanup hitter Miguel Cabrera , who 's batting .347 with 24 homers and 88 RBIs , hit a hard liner to left leading off the eighth	True
Garza struck out six in Tampa Bay 's 2,039th game -- and on a night when the Rays struggled to generate much offense themselves . Joyce 's slam on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs in the sixth	True
Garza struck out six in Tampa Bay 's 2,039th game -- and on a night when the Rays struggled to generate much offense themselves . Joyce 's slam on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs in the sixth was the first hit off Scherzer ( 7 - 8 ) . The next batter , Jason Bartlett , singled for the only other hit of the night until Crawford homered in the eighth	True
Joyce 's slam on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs in the sixth was the first hit off Scherzer ( 7 - 8 ) . The next batter , Jason Bartlett , singled for the only other hit of the night until Crawford homered in the eighth . Garza , who tossed a one - hitter at Florida on June 26 , 2008 , retired Don Kelly on a routine grounder to second base in the ninth	True
In his previous start , Garza allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 6 1/3 innings against the Orioles . The Tigers lineup he faced was without Magglio Ordonez , Carlos Guillen and Brandon Inge because of injuries . Leyland was ejected in the third	True
Much-maligned reliever George Sherrill ( 1 - 1 ) , the ninth Dodgers pitcher , worked a perfect inning . Kenley Jansen , a hard-throwing 22-year-old who began his pro career as a catcher and was converted to a pitcher during his 2009 season with Class-A Inland Empire , worked a perfect seventh	True
Kenley Jansen , a hard-throwing 22-year-old who began his pro career as a catcher and was converted to a pitcher during his 2009 season with Class-A Inland Empire , worked a perfect seventh for the Dodgers in his major league debut . The 6-foot-5 , 257-pound right-hander struck out his first batter , Angel Pagan , on three pitches and then fanned All-Star David Wright . Dodgers rookie Carlos Monasterios scattered six hits and struck out three in his seventh start this season and first since June 18 . The right-hander pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth	True
Dodgers rookie Carlos Monasterios scattered six hits and struck out three in his seventh start this season and first since June 18 . The right-hander pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth , fanning Rod Barajas and pitcher Mike Pelfrey . Barajas trimmed the Dodgers ' lead to 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
Dodgers rookie Carlos Monasterios scattered six hits and struck out three in his seventh start this season and first since June 18 . The right-hander pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth , fanning Rod Barajas and pitcher Mike Pelfrey . Barajas trimmed the Dodgers ' lead to 2 - 1 in the sixth with an RBI single off James McDonald , just his fourth RBI in a span of 101 at-bats . But he strained his right oblique muscle running to second	False
Dodgers rookie Carlos Monasterios scattered six hits and struck out three in his seventh start this season and first since June 18 . The right-hander pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth , fanning Rod Barajas and pitcher Mike Pelfrey . Barajas trimmed the Dodgers ' lead to 2 - 1 in the sixth with an RBI single off James McDonald , just his fourth RBI in a span of 101 at-bats . But he strained his right oblique muscle running to second when the next batter , pinch-hitter Jeff Francoeur , hit a squibber toward the mound . McDonald bobbled it before flipping the ball to catcher Brad Ausmus -- thinking that Jason Bay was coming down the line from third	False
Pelfrey allowed two runs and six hits through five innings in his Dodger Stadium debut . He threw 45 pitches over the first three innings -- six fewer than he made in the first inning of his previous start , when he lasted only 1 1/3 innings at Arizona . For the eighth time in his last nine outings , Pelfrey gave up a run in the first	True
Pelfrey allowed two runs and six hits through five innings in his Dodger Stadium debut . He threw 45 pitches over the first three innings -- six fewer than he made in the first inning of his previous start , when he lasted only 1 1/3 innings at Arizona . For the eighth time in his last nine outings , Pelfrey gave up a run in the first . Rafael Furcal led off with a single , advanced all the way to third	False
For the eighth time in his last nine outings , Pelfrey gave up a run in the first . Rafael Furcal led off with a single , advanced all the way to third on Pelfrey 's errant pickoff throw and scored on Xavier Paul 's sacrifice fly . The Mets ' 6-foot-7 right-hander had allowed only one first-inning run through his first 11 starts this season . Ausmus , who was put on the disabled list during the first week of the season because of a back injury and did n't come off until Tuesday , made his second start behind the plate in place of Russell Martin and got an RBI single in the fourth	True
The Mets have not won consecutive road games against NL teams all season . Dodgers All-Star right fielder Andre Ethier , who entered the game in a 4 - for - 29 rut with two homers and three RBIs since the break , did not start for only the second time since coming off the DL on May 31 . He pinch hit in the 10th	True
The Mets have not won consecutive road games against NL teams all season . Dodgers All-Star right fielder Andre Ethier , who entered the game in a 4 - for - 29 rut with two homers and three RBIs since the break , did not start for only the second time since coming off the DL on May 31 . He pinch hit in the 10th and struck out , then fouled out to Blanco in the 12th	True
The Mets have not won consecutive road games against NL teams all season . Dodgers All-Star right fielder Andre Ethier , who entered the game in a 4 - for - 29 rut with two homers and three RBIs since the break , did not start for only the second time since coming off the DL on May 31 . He pinch hit in the 10th and struck out , then fouled out to Blanco in the 12th with runners at second	False
The Mets have not won consecutive road games against NL teams all season . Dodgers All-Star right fielder Andre Ethier , who entered the game in a 4 - for - 29 rut with two homers and three RBIs since the break , did not start for only the second time since coming off the DL on May 31 . He pinch hit in the 10th and struck out , then fouled out to Blanco in the 12th with runners at second and third	False
Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run homer and Tyler Colvin and Geovany Soto added solo shots for the Cubs , who still trail first-place St. Louis by 10 games in the NL Central . Wells ( 5 - 7 ) allowed five hits -- one single in each of the second	True
Wells , who has a 1.30 ERA in his past five starts after starting with 5.21 in his first 15 outings , has allowed no runs in his past two games . The biggest threat against him came in the sixth	True
Wells , who has a 1.30 ERA in his past five starts after starting with 5.21 in his first 15 outings , has allowed no runs in his past two games . The biggest threat against him came in the sixth , when Jon Jay singled , went to second	False
Suppan ( 0 - 6 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He fell to 0 - 4 since rejoining the Cardinals last month after the Milwaukee Brewers released him . St. Louis is 39 - 22 in games started by Adam Wainwright , Chris Carpenter and Jaime Garcia but 15 - 21 otherwise . The Cubs already led 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
Suppan ( 0 - 6 ) allowed five runs and 10 hits in six innings . He fell to 0 - 4 since rejoining the Cardinals last month after the Milwaukee Brewers released him . St. Louis is 39 - 22 in games started by Adam Wainwright , Chris Carpenter and Jaime Garcia but 15 - 21 otherwise . The Cubs already led 2 - 0 in the fifth when St. Louis second baseman Skip Schumaker botched a double-play relay . Soriano then lined his homer into the left-field bleachers . In the sixth	True
Colvin opened the game with his first career leadoff homer . He is the first left-handed-hitting Cubs rookie with 14 home runs since Rafael Palmeiro in 1987 . Soto hit his 14th	False
Aaron Cunningham 's triple started San Diego on a four - run second inning and the first-place Padres again took advantage of an early lead and their strong bullpen to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 3 on Friday night . Kevin Correia ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs , two earned , despite walking three in six innings to win his second	False
Kevin Correia ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs , two earned , despite walking three in six innings to win his second in a row after going winless in seven starts . Correia also contributed a run-scoring single as the Padres jumped out to their 4 - 0 lead against Paul Maholm ( 6 - 8 ) , ending the left-hander 's streak of 16 consecutive scoreless innings . Getting ahead early is a trademark of these surprising Padres , whose 56 - 39 record is the NL 's best . They are 42 - 15 when scoring first	False
The Padres took advantage after that with a walk , two singles including Correia 's sharply hit RBI single into left field , Chris Denorfia 's run-scoring double and the Hairston and Gonzalez sacrifice flies . The Padres loaded the bases in the seventh	True
The Padres loaded the bases in the seventh on three walks by reliever Brendan Donnelly , who threw only one of his 13 pitches for strikes but scored just once on Venable 's sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 3 . Pittsburgh , losing its fourth	False
The Padres loaded the bases in the seventh on three walks by reliever Brendan Donnelly , who threw only one of his 13 pitches for strikes but scored just once on Venable 's sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 3 . Pittsburgh , losing its fourth in eight games at home since the All-Star break , had closed to within a run with the help of Lastings Milledge 's two - run single in the fourth	True
The Padres loaded the bases in the seventh on three walks by reliever Brendan Donnelly , who threw only one of his 13 pitches for strikes but scored just once on Venable 's sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 3 . Pittsburgh , losing its fourth in eight games at home since the All-Star break , had closed to within a run with the help of Lastings Milledge 's two - run single in the fourth and Ronny Cedeno 's leadoff double in the fifth	True
Pittsburgh , losing its fourth in eight games at home since the All-Star break , had closed to within a run with the help of Lastings Milledge 's two - run single in the fourth and Ronny Cedeno 's leadoff double in the fifth . But a Padres bullpen that easily leads the NL with a 2.84 ERA closed it out with three scoreless innings -- one each by rookie Ernesto Frieri , Luke Gregerson and Heath Bell . Frieri , recalled July 16 , struck out the side in the seventh	True
Frieri , recalled July 16 , struck out the side in the seventh . He has n't allowed a hit to the 17 batters he 's faced in the majors . Bell finished up in the ninth	True
Pirates rookie Neil Walker went hitless in three at-bats with a walk following six consecutive multiple-hit games . No Pirates batter has had seven such games in a row since Barry Bonds in September 1992 . Correia retired him twice . The Pirates thought they had a run in the first	True
Lee was the loser in a 6 - 1 defeat to Baltimore in his Rangers debut on July 10 , but he went nine innings . Lee lasted nine innings in his second start for Texas on July 17 , a no-decision in a game the Rangers lost to Boston 3 - 2 in 11 innings . Lee retired Bobby Abreu on a fly ball to open the ninth	True
Lee was just a little better . Michael Young homered and Josh Hamilton drove in the go-ahead run with a double in the sixth	True
Michael Young homered and Josh Hamilton drove in the go-ahead run with a double in the sixth as the Rangers opened a stretch of seven games against the Angels over an 11-day span . With one out in the sixth	True
Hamilton followed with a double to the gap in left-center to score Guerrero and put the Rangers ahead for good . Hamilton went to third	False
Hamilton went to third on Nelson Cruz 's infield single off the glove of second baseman Howie Kendrick , and Hamilton slid home on ex-Angel Bengie Molina 's sacrifice fly to extend Texas ' lead to 3 - 1 . Napoli homered for the Angels in the seventh	True
Young hit a one - out solo homer in the first inning . Napoli was the Angels ' only baserunner over the first four innings with a one - out single in the second	True
Napoli was the Angels ' only baserunner over the first four innings with a one - out single in the second . Hideki Matsui doubled with one out in the fifth	True
Napoli was the Angels ' only baserunner over the first four innings with a one - out single in the second . Hideki Matsui doubled with one out in the fifth , advancing to third	False
CHICAGO -- Both bullpens were spent , runs were scarce and the Houston Astros had trouble making a quick getaway Wednesday . That 's OK . They 'll take it . Their 12-inning victory over the Chicago Cubs made it all worth it . Pinch-hitter Jason Michaels delivered a two - out , two - run double in the 12th	True
The Astros took two of three in the series at Wrigley Field , bouncing back after Tuesday 's difficult 14 - 7 loss that featured 13 unanswered runs by the Cubs and a three - homer night by Chicago slugger Aramis Ramirez . Jeff Keppinger and Chris Johnson started the 12th	True
The Astros took two of three in the series at Wrigley Field , bouncing back after Tuesday 's difficult 14 - 7 loss that featured 13 unanswered runs by the Cubs and a three - homer night by Chicago slugger Aramis Ramirez . Jeff Keppinger and Chris Johnson started the 12th with consecutive singles . After Jason Castro forced Keppinger at third	False
The Astros took two of three in the series at Wrigley Field , bouncing back after Tuesday 's difficult 14 - 7 loss that featured 13 unanswered runs by the Cubs and a three - homer night by Chicago slugger Aramis Ramirez . Jeff Keppinger and Chris Johnson started the 12th with consecutive singles . After Jason Castro forced Keppinger at third with a bunt back to Bob Howry ( 1 - 3 ) , James Russell relieved and Michael Bourn 's grounder moved the runners to second	False
The Astros took two of three in the series at Wrigley Field , bouncing back after Tuesday 's difficult 14 - 7 loss that featured 13 unanswered runs by the Cubs and a three - homer night by Chicago slugger Aramis Ramirez . Jeff Keppinger and Chris Johnson started the 12th with consecutive singles . After Jason Castro forced Keppinger at third with a bunt back to Bob Howry ( 1 - 3 ) , James Russell relieved and Michael Bourn 's grounder moved the runners to second and third	False
Michaels greeted Jeff Stevens , the seventh Chicago reliever , with a drive into the alley in left-center . Chicago threatened in the eighth	True
Michaels greeted Jeff Stevens , the seventh Chicago reliever , with a drive into the alley in left-center . Chicago threatened in the eighth , ninth	True
Michaels greeted Jeff Stevens , the seventh Chicago reliever , with a drive into the alley in left-center . Chicago threatened in the eighth , ninth , 10th	True
Michaels greeted Jeff Stevens , the seventh Chicago reliever , with a drive into the alley in left-center . Chicago threatened in the eighth , ninth , 10th and 11th	True
Chicago threatened in the eighth , ninth , 10th and 11th but could n't get the big hit , leaving 16 runners on base for the game . The Cubs had second	False
Chicago threatened in the eighth , ninth , 10th and 11th but could n't get the big hit , leaving 16 runners on base for the game . The Cubs had second and third	False
Chicago threatened in the eighth , ninth , 10th and 11th but could n't get the big hit , leaving 16 runners on base for the game . The Cubs had second and third in the 11th	True
Chicago threatened in the eighth , ninth , 10th and 11th but could n't get the big hit , leaving 16 runners on base for the game . The Cubs had second and third in the 11th before Brandon Lyon ( 6 - 4 ) got Derrek Lee to fly out . Chicago loaded the bases with one out in the 10th	False
The Cubs had second and third in the 11th before Brandon Lyon ( 6 - 4 ) got Derrek Lee to fly out . Chicago loaded the bases with one out in the 10th on a double by Starlin Castro and two walks before Lyon struck out Kosuke Fukudome and retired pinch-hitter Soto on a fly to left . Houston tied it at 1 in the eighth	False
After the teams combined for 37 runs in the first two games of the series , the finale was a contrast for most of the day with a light wind blowing in at Wrigley Field as Lilly and Brett Myers locked up in a pitchers ' duel . Myers allowed five hits in seven innings , including Lilly 's single in the fifth	True
After the teams combined for 37 runs in the first two games of the series , the finale was a contrast for most of the day with a light wind blowing in at Wrigley Field as Lilly and Brett Myers locked up in a pitchers ' duel . Myers allowed five hits in seven innings , including Lilly 's single in the fifth that snapped the pitcher 's skid at 0 for 33 dating to last season . Lilly then motored all the way from first	True
Angels manager Mike Scioscia hopes Matsui can leave the city having found his hitting groove -- he came in a 4 - for - 28 skid . Maicer Izturis and Mike Napoli also hit two - run homers for the Angels , and Napoli had a two - run single in the ninth	True
He shook off a two - run first inning filled with jitters from pitching at Yankee Stadium and retired 12 in a row . In six innings , he allowed two hits , three walks and struck out four . Izturis homered in his first game back after missing 27 with a left forearm strain . His fourth-inning drive gave the Angels a 4 - 2 lead . Napoli connected in the fifth	True
Torii Hunter and Izturis had RBI singles to help the Angels kick off a stretch of 12 games against the Yankees , AL West-leading Texas and Boston . Alex Rodriguez of the Yankees went 2 for 4 and remained on 598 career homers . He needs to connect twice to become the seventh	False
`` I kind of worked with it on the fly during the game today . I probably threw eight or 10 of them . It 's a work in progress but it 's a certainly a good pitch . '' Wainwright ( 14 - 5 ) , who lowered his ERA to 2.02 , has allowed just one earned run in his last 29 1/3 innings . The All-Star right-hander gave up five hits and struck out three in winning his fourth successive decision and sixth	False
Wainwright has thrown 19 scoreless innings in a row , the longest streak for a St. Louis pitcher this season . Kyle McClellan followed Wainwright with two innings of one - hit relief . With a runner on first	False
Wainwright has thrown 19 scoreless innings in a row , the longest streak for a St. Louis pitcher this season . Kyle McClellan followed Wainwright with two innings of one - hit relief . With a runner on first and two outs in the ninth	True
Kyle McClellan followed Wainwright with two innings of one - hit relief . With a runner on first and two outs in the ninth , Ryan Franklin came on to retire Casey Blake for his 17th save in 18 opportunities . Schumaker drove in Jon Jay with a double in the fourth	True
Schumaker drove in Jon Jay with a double in the fourth off starter Hiroki Kuroda ( 7 - 8 ) , who gave up one run and four hits over six innings . He struck out eight and walked one . Jay , who had a 12-game hitting streak snapped , reached on a fielder 's choice with one out , barely beating the throw to first	False
Kuroda turned in a courageous effort , according to Los Angeles manager Joe Torre , but simply ran out of steam and asked to come out after six innings . Ryan , who entered in the seventh	True
Kuroda turned in a courageous effort , according to Los Angeles manager Joe Torre , but simply ran out of steam and asked to come out after six innings . Ryan , who entered in the seventh , drove in Albert Pujols with a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Strasburg ( 4 - 2 ) needed 34 pitches in the opening inning . He allowed two baserunners in each of the first three innings , walking three and throwing the first wild pitch of his career . But he finished with seven strikeouts in six innings and lowered his ERA to 2.03 . Facing Florida for the first time in his eighth major league start , Strasburg was locked in a scoreless duel with Ricky Nolasco ( 9 - 7 ) until Josh Willingham hit a three - run double in the sixth	True
Facing Florida for the first time in his eighth major league start , Strasburg was locked in a scoreless duel with Ricky Nolasco ( 9 - 7 ) until Josh Willingham hit a three - run double in the sixth . Matt Capps , taking the mound for the first time since he was the winning pitcher in Tuesday night 's All-Star Game , pitched a hitless ninth	True
Facing Florida for the first time in his eighth major league start , Strasburg was locked in a scoreless duel with Ricky Nolasco ( 9 - 7 ) until Josh Willingham hit a three - run double in the sixth . Matt Capps , taking the mound for the first time since he was the winning pitcher in Tuesday night 's All-Star Game , pitched a hitless ninth to complete a four - hitter . The shutout was the third	False
Pitching for the first time in a week because of the All-Star break , Strasburg battled rustiness as he walked two in the first inning , including Gaby Sanchez on 12 pitches . Pitching coach Steve McCatty paid a visit to the mound , and Jorge Cantu 's flyout ended the threat . Two singles and a sacrifice put Marlins at second	False
Pitching for the first time in a week because of the All-Star break , Strasburg battled rustiness as he walked two in the first inning , including Gaby Sanchez on 12 pitches . Pitching coach Steve McCatty paid a visit to the mound , and Jorge Cantu 's flyout ended the threat . Two singles and a sacrifice put Marlins at second and third	False
Pitching for the first time in a week because of the All-Star break , Strasburg battled rustiness as he walked two in the first inning , including Gaby Sanchez on 12 pitches . Pitching coach Steve McCatty paid a visit to the mound , and Jorge Cantu 's flyout ended the threat . Two singles and a sacrifice put Marlins at second and third with two outs in the second	True
Pitching for the first time in a week because of the All-Star break , Strasburg battled rustiness as he walked two in the first inning , including Gaby Sanchez on 12 pitches . Pitching coach Steve McCatty paid a visit to the mound , and Jorge Cantu 's flyout ended the threat . Two singles and a sacrifice put Marlins at second and third with two outs in the second , but Strasburg got Chris Coghlan to ground out . A walk and a single in the third	True
The Marlins began a 10-game homestand that will determine whether they 're buyers or sellers at the trade deadline , and they were plagued by a familiar problem : situational hitting . They went 0 - for - 4 with runners in scoring position . Rodriguez said he drew up eight to 10 potential lineups before deciding on only a modest tweak to start the second half of the season . Uggla batted fourth	False
The Marlins began a 10-game homestand that will determine whether they 're buyers or sellers at the trade deadline , and they were plagued by a familiar problem : situational hitting . They went 0 - for - 4 with runners in scoring position . Rodriguez said he drew up eight to 10 potential lineups before deciding on only a modest tweak to start the second half of the season . Uggla batted fourth for just the third time this season , and Cantu was dropped to fifth	False
The shuffling did n't help : Florida was shut out for the fourth time . Nolasco , bidding to win his fifth consecutive decision , allowed only four baserunners -- all on singles -- in the first five innings . But he retired just one batter in the sixth	True
The World Series champions are 56 - 32 and have a two - game lead over the Rays in the American League East . New York has won nine of 11 . After starting the season a pedestrian 4 - 3 , Sabathia has been dominant since the beginning of June . His eighth straight victory looked easy against the punchless Mariners . After consecutive singles from Casey Kotchman and Justin Smoak in the second inning , Sabathia set down the next 11 before Michael Saunders ' single leading off the sixth	True
After starting the season a pedestrian 4 - 3 , Sabathia has been dominant since the beginning of June . His eighth straight victory looked easy against the punchless Mariners . After consecutive singles from Casey Kotchman and Justin Smoak in the second inning , Sabathia set down the next 11 before Michael Saunders ' single leading off the sixth . Sabathia struck out one and walked one . Only once did Seattle put together any sort of rally when three consecutive hits plated the Mariners ' first run in the sixth inning . Chone Figgins had the RBI single that scored Saunders . Kotchman added a solo homer in the ninth	True
`` I do n't know how to explain why we 're playing so good , but whatever we 're doing , just keep on doing it , '' Buehrle added . Buehrle took a line drive off his right ( non-throwing ) wrist on Scott Podsednik 's leadoff single in the first	True
`` I do n't know how to explain why we 're playing so good , but whatever we 're doing , just keep on doing it , '' Buehrle added . Buehrle took a line drive off his right ( non-throwing ) wrist on Scott Podsednik 's leadoff single in the first , but was not seriously injured . The left-hander allowed six hits in seven - plus innings and was replaced by Sergio Santos after walking David DeJesus to start the eighth	True
Kansas City had its three - game winning streak snapped and lost for the third time in 11 games . The Royals were coming off a sweep of the Mariners in Seattle . Pierzynski , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 17 slide , had a solo homer in the fourth	True
Kansas City had its three - game winning streak snapped and lost for the third time in 11 games . The Royals were coming off a sweep of the Mariners in Seattle . Pierzynski , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 17 slide , had a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	True
Kansas City had its three - game winning streak snapped and lost for the third time in 11 games . The Royals were coming off a sweep of the Mariners in Seattle . Pierzynski , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 17 slide , had a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth , giving him six homers this season . Andruw Jones , who had been 2 - for - 23 , had three hits , including a two - run single in the second	True
Pierzynski , who entered the game in a 1 - for - 17 slide , had a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth , giving him six homers this season . Andruw Jones , who had been 2 - for - 23 , had three hits , including a two - run single in the second off the left field fence . Yuniesky Betancourt hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Yuniesky Betancourt hit a two - run homer in the ninth for Kansas City off Jeffrey Marquez . Paul Konerko and Carlos Quentin began the second	True
Pierzynski 's first homer finished Kansas City starter Bruce Chen ( 5 - 3 ) after 3 1/3 innings , his shortest start of the season . Slowed by a bout with strep throat , Chen gave up six hits and three runs . Gordon Beckham had a leadoff double in the fifth	True
Gordon Beckham had a leadoff double in the fifth off reliever Kanekoa Texeira , Juan Pierre followed with a bunt single and Beckham scored on Alexei Ramirez 's double-play grounder to make it 4 - 0 . Konerko hit a two - out RBI double in the eighth	True
Alex Gonzalez hit his 16th homer for the Blue Jays , who lead the majors with 125 . Scott Downs ( 3 - 5 ) worked 1 1/3 innings for the win and Kevin Gregg wrapped it up in the ninth	True
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire struggled to contain his irritation . Minnesota slugger Justin Morneau was accidentally kneed in the head by second baseman John McDonald as he tried to break up a double play in the eighth	True
Minnesota slugger Justin Morneau was accidentally kneed in the head by second baseman John McDonald as he tried to break up a double play in the eighth . He walked off the field without assistance but did not return . Gonzalez opened the scoring with a one - out homer in the first	True
Minnesota slugger Justin Morneau was accidentally kneed in the head by second baseman John McDonald as he tried to break up a double play in the eighth . He walked off the field without assistance but did not return . Gonzalez opened the scoring with a one - out homer in the first , but the Twins answered in the fourth	True
Minnesota slugger Justin Morneau was accidentally kneed in the head by second baseman John McDonald as he tried to break up a double play in the eighth . He walked off the field without assistance but did not return . Gonzalez opened the scoring with a one - out homer in the first , but the Twins answered in the fourth when Hudson hit a two - run shot to left , his fourth	False
Gonzalez opened the scoring with a one - out homer in the first , but the Twins answered in the fourth when Hudson hit a two - run shot to left , his fourth . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a two - out single by Edwin Encarnacion . Young made it 3 - 2 when he drilled a solo homer to left in the top of the fifth	True
Gonzalez opened the scoring with a one - out homer in the first , but the Twins answered in the fourth when Hudson hit a two - run shot to left , his fourth . Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a two - out single by Edwin Encarnacion . Young made it 3 - 2 when he drilled a solo homer to left in the top of the fifth , his 10th	False
It was Toronto 's first inside-the-park homer since Greg Myers did it against Baltimore on Sept. 13 , 2003 . The Twins have now surrendered two inside-the-park homers this season , with Kansas City 's David DeJesus doing it in an April 23 game at Target Field . Toronto 's advantage was short-lived . The Twins tied it on Jason Kubel 's sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
It was Toronto 's first inside-the-park homer since Greg Myers did it against Baltimore on Sept. 13 , 2003 . The Twins have now surrendered two inside-the-park homers this season , with Kansas City 's David DeJesus doing it in an April 23 game at Target Field . Toronto 's advantage was short-lived . The Twins tied it on Jason Kubel 's sacrifice fly in the sixth , then went ahead on a two - out hit by Hudson in the seventh	True
Torres led off the game with a homer and Huff made it 2 - 0 against Chris Narveson ( 7 - 6 ) with a second-deck shot . Posey 's two - run homer made it 4 - 0 . Posey moved from his usual catcher 's spot to first base a day after being hit by a pitch on the left knee . He has 13 hits in his last 25 at-bats , and saved his biggest shot for the fourth	True
Posey became the first Giants hitter with six RBIs since Barry Bonds did it in 2007 . Edgar Renteria , who 'd been hitless in 16 at-bats before two fourth-inning singles , drove in a run in the sixth	True
Not that it mattered . The way he was pulling off escapes and the rest of Chicago 's pitchers were making hitters miss , the walks could be tolerated . Gorzelanny got out of one jam in the first inning , a bigger one in the third	True
Gorzelanny got out of one jam in the first inning , a bigger one in the third and the Cubs struck out 12 in a 9 - 4 win over the still-struggling Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday . Chicago gave Gorzelanny some rare support early , roughing up Ian Kennedy ( 3 - 7 ) for four runs the first two innings . Kosuke Fukudome led off the game with a homer , Starlin Castro and Geovany Soto drove in two runs each from the bottom of the order , and Alfonso Soriano capped it with his 800th career RBI with a solo shot in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks had been swinging and missing a lot this season , with 100 more strikeouts than the next closest team in the majors , including 28 combined in a pair of losses to the Dodgers over the weekend . Chicago was fourth	False
What hurt the Diamondbacks more was the inability to capitalize on the walks . Arizona was 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position and got one run on two bases-loaded chances in the first three innings to lose its third straight under interim manager Kirk Gibson after winning in his debut . Gorzelanny did the best escape work , pitching out of walk-induced jams in the first	True
Gorzelanny did the best escape work , pitching out of walk-induced jams in the first and third innings . The left-hander got out of a bases-loaded spot in the first	True
Gorzelanny did the best escape work , pitching out of walk-induced jams in the first and third innings . The left-hander got out of a bases-loaded spot in the first by striking out LaRoche after a pair of two - out walks . In the third	True
The left-hander got out of a bases-loaded spot in the first by striking out LaRoche after a pair of two - out walks . In the third , Gorzelanny walked the bases loaded with no outs , but allowed just one run on Miguel Montero 's sacrifice fly . Gorzelanny gave up a leadoff homer to LaRoche in the fourth inning and Johnson made it 5 - 3 with an RBI triple in the fifth	True
Castro followed two leadoff singles in the second inning with a two - run triple off the wall in center , and Soto made it 4 - 0 with a run-scoring double hit even harder to nearly the same spot . First-time All Star Marlon Byrd knocked in a run on a groundout in the fifth	True
Castro followed two leadoff singles in the second inning with a two - run triple off the wall in center , and Soto made it 4 - 0 with a run-scoring double hit even harder to nearly the same spot . First-time All Star Marlon Byrd knocked in a run on a groundout in the fifth , then two more came across in the sixth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Matt LaPorta gave the Cleveland Indians a scare . LaPorta hit a two - run homer in the third	True
LaPorta 's homer helped the Indians to a 4 - 0 lead , but the Cleveland first baseman sustained a bruise on his head in the bottom half . With Julio Borbon on first	False
A dazed LaPorta fell on his back as the ball rolled into foul territory for a throwing error . Teammates were unable track down the ball in time to prevent Borbon from racing home to make it 4 - 1 . LaPorta was down for several minutes but remained in the game for the rest of the inning . He was replaced by Andy Marte in the fourth	True
Cleveland 's Austin Kearns was hit by a pitch three times , by three different pitchers . Indians reliever Chris Perez threw behind Andrus in the bottom of the eighth	True
Indians reliever Chris Perez threw behind Andrus in the bottom of the eighth , and Andrus stared at the right-hander before striking out . Cleveland starter Aaron Laffey was staked to a 6 - 2 lead , but was unable to get out of the fifth	True
Josh Hamilton extended his home hitting streak to 25 games , second-longest in club history , with a fourth-inning single . Al Oliver holds the home record with a 30-game streak in 1981 . The Rangers added a run in the sixth	True
Josh Hamilton extended his home hitting streak to 25 games , second-longest in club history , with a fourth-inning single . Al Oliver holds the home record with a 30-game streak in 1981 . The Rangers added a run in the sixth when home plate umpire Bob Davidson called a balk on Smith , scoring Bengie Molina from third	False
Josh Hamilton extended his home hitting streak to 25 games , second-longest in club history , with a fourth-inning single . Al Oliver holds the home record with a 30-game streak in 1981 . The Rangers added a run in the sixth when home plate umpire Bob Davidson called a balk on Smith , scoring Bengie Molina from third to make it 7 - 3 . Smith stepped off the rubber , then fired to first	False
The Rangers added a run in the sixth when home plate umpire Bob Davidson called a balk on Smith , scoring Bengie Molina from third to make it 7 - 3 . Smith stepped off the rubber , then fired to first to pick off Borbon , but Davidson immediately called the balk . Davidson also called a balk in the seventh	True
Garcia bounced back from his worst start with seven innings of three - hit ball and Matt Holliday doubled twice and drove in a run in a 5 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Garcia ( 8 - 4 ) retired his last 13 hitters and had seven strikeouts , five days after giving up five runs in two innings with no strikeouts in a loss at Kansas City . The lefty got his biggest out when Prince Fielder tapped out to first	False
Garcia bounced back from his worst start with seven innings of three - hit ball and Matt Holliday doubled twice and drove in a run in a 5 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Garcia ( 8 - 4 ) retired his last 13 hitters and had seven strikeouts , five days after giving up five runs in two innings with no strikeouts in a loss at Kansas City . The lefty got his biggest out when Prince Fielder tapped out to first with the bases loaded to end the first	True
Garcia ( 8 - 4 ) retired his last 13 hitters and had seven strikeouts , five days after giving up five runs in two innings with no strikeouts in a loss at Kansas City . The lefty got his biggest out when Prince Fielder tapped out to first with the bases loaded to end the first . Both of Garcia 's walks came in the third	True
Garcia beat the Brewers for the second time , matched his career best for innings and strikeouts and lowered his ERA to 2.10 . The ERA is even better at home , a minuscule 1.20 to go with a 3 - 1 record in seven starts . He has allowed no runs five times in 16 starts . Garcia 's only miscue came on the basepaths . He went in standing up on what had appeared to be a clear-cut double off Narveson leading off the fifth	True
Garcia 's only miscue came on the basepaths . He went in standing up on what had appeared to be a clear-cut double off Narveson leading off the fifth and was thrown out by right fielder Corey Hart just before callup Tyler Greene homered to left with a drive estimated at 407 feet . La Russa said the Brewers did a good job of deking Garcia and noted the pitcher also made a wide turn at first	False
Hart was 2 - for - 3 with a walk and extended his hitting streak to 17 games for Milwaukee , which had won eight of its previous 11 . Narveson ( 7 - 5 ) came up with the Cardinals and has struggled early in two starts this year against St. Louis . The Cardinals scored four runs on three extra-base hits against the lefty on June 5 and opened with two runs on four hits in the first	True
Hart was 2 - for - 3 with a walk and extended his hitting streak to 17 games for Milwaukee , which had won eight of its previous 11 . Narveson ( 7 - 5 ) came up with the Cardinals and has struggled early in two starts this year against St. Louis . The Cardinals scored four runs on three extra-base hits against the lefty on June 5 and opened with two runs on four hits in the first on Friday , the first	False
Hart was 2 - for - 3 with a walk and extended his hitting streak to 17 games for Milwaukee , which had won eight of its previous 11 . Narveson ( 7 - 5 ) came up with the Cardinals and has struggled early in two starts this year against St. Louis . The Cardinals scored four runs on three extra-base hits against the lefty on June 5 and opened with two runs on four hits in the first on Friday , the first on Albert Pujols ' double-play ball and the second	False
Narveson ( 7 - 5 ) came up with the Cardinals and has struggled early in two starts this year against St. Louis . The Cardinals scored four runs on three extra-base hits against the lefty on June 5 and opened with two runs on four hits in the first on Friday , the first on Albert Pujols ' double-play ball and the second on Nick Stavinoha 's RBI single . Felipe Lopez doubled to open the third	True
Narveson ( 7 - 5 ) came up with the Cardinals and has struggled early in two starts this year against St. Louis . The Cardinals scored four runs on three extra-base hits against the lefty on June 5 and opened with two runs on four hits in the first on Friday , the first on Albert Pujols ' double-play ball and the second on Nick Stavinoha 's RBI single . Felipe Lopez doubled to open the third for the second	True
Narveson ( 7 - 5 ) came up with the Cardinals and has struggled early in two starts this year against St. Louis . The Cardinals scored four runs on three extra-base hits against the lefty on June 5 and opened with two runs on four hits in the first on Friday , the first on Albert Pujols ' double-play ball and the second on Nick Stavinoha 's RBI single . Felipe Lopez doubled to open the third for the second of his third hits and scored with one out on Pujols ' sacrifice fly , Greene 's second homer made it 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
WASHINGTON -- Francisco Rodriguez is one of baseball 's most reliable relief pitchers , saving 262 games in his career . This game-ending play was unique . The Washington Nationals had rallied for two runs in the ninth inning and had the potential tying run on base with two outs when Rodriguez picked off Roger Bernadina at second	False
Bernadina 's careless baserunning , which turned into a colossal blunder , was spotted by 20-year-old rookie shortstop Ruben Tejada , playing there only because Jose Reyes missed his third straight game with a stiff back . Tejada signaled to Rodriguez , and K-Rod fired the ball to second	False
For Tejada , the play showed the smart thinking of a veteran . Rodriguez had come into the game with one out and runners on second	False
For Tejada , the play showed the smart thinking of a veteran . Rodriguez had come into the game with one out and runners on second and third	False
Niese ( 6 - 2 ) allowed six hits and one run in seven innings as he improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.43 ERA in six starts since coming off the disabled list June 5 . He fanned eight in his first four innings -- striking out the side in the fourth -- and did n't walk a batter . To top it off , Niese added his first career RBI on a double in a four - run fourth	True
David Wright , who batted .404 in June , had three hits and Alex Cora a three - run triple for the Mets , who stayed two games behind NL East-leading Atlanta . Josh Willingham homered off Niese in the seventh	True
Josh Willingham homered off Niese in the seventh for Washington 's first run . The Mets chased Luis Atilano ( 6 - 5 ) in the fourth	True
The Mets chased Luis Atilano ( 6 - 5 ) in the fourth . In the first	True
The Mets chased Luis Atilano ( 6 - 5 ) in the fourth . In the first , Tejada was hit by a pitch , moved to third	False
In the first , Tejada was hit by a pitch , moved to third on Wright 's single up the middle and scored on Ike Davis ' infield out . Atilano loaded the bases in the fourth	True
Atilano loaded the bases in the fourth on Wright 's double and two walks . He got Rod Barajas on a short fly to center and Jeff Francoeur on a liner to shortstop before Cora tripled off the right-field wall to clear the bases . Cora scored on Niese 's double . Bobby Parnell worked a scoreless eighth	True
Atilano loaded the bases in the fourth on Wright 's double and two walks . He got Rod Barajas on a short fly to center and Jeff Francoeur on a liner to shortstop before Cora tripled off the right-field wall to clear the bases . Cora scored on Niese 's double . Bobby Parnell worked a scoreless eighth . Pedro Feliciano struck out the only batter he faced in the ninth	True
Weaver also contained Josh Hamilton , whose career-high 23-game hitting streak ended with an 0 for 3 performance that included an intentional walk . Weaver retired 10 in a row during one stretch . Brian Fuentes pitched a perfect ninth	True
`` Weaver was sharp . He went to his off-speed stuff and he was putting it where he wanted to put it . He was making good pitches with his fastball in good spots when he had to and he did n't make very many mistakes . '' The Rangers pulled to 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
`` Weaver was sharp . He went to his off-speed stuff and he was putting it where he wanted to put it . He was making good pitches with his fastball in good spots when he had to and he did n't make very many mistakes . '' The Rangers pulled to 2 - 1 in the eighth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single off Fernando Rodney that dropped in shallow left field . With runners on first	False
`` Weaver was sharp . He went to his off-speed stuff and he was putting it where he wanted to put it . He was making good pitches with his fastball in good spots when he had to and he did n't make very many mistakes . '' The Rangers pulled to 2 - 1 in the eighth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single off Fernando Rodney that dropped in shallow left field . With runners on first and second	False
`` Weaver was sharp . He went to his off-speed stuff and he was putting it where he wanted to put it . He was making good pitches with his fastball in good spots when he had to and he did n't make very many mistakes . '' The Rangers pulled to 2 - 1 in the eighth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single off Fernando Rodney that dropped in shallow left field . With runners on first and second , Guerrero then grounded to third	False
The Rangers pulled to 2 - 1 in the eighth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single off Fernando Rodney that dropped in shallow left field . With runners on first and second , Guerrero then grounded to third for an apparent inning-ending double play . But second base umpire Bruce Dreckman ruled that Howie Kendrick 's foot was off the bag , allowing the runners to move up while Guerrero was retired on the relay . That drew Scioscia onto the field for a heated argument with Dreckman . Rodney intentionally walked Hamilton to load the bases before Nelson Cruz popped to second	False
The Rangers pulled to 2 - 1 in the eighth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI single off Fernando Rodney that dropped in shallow left field . With runners on first and second , Guerrero then grounded to third for an apparent inning-ending double play . But second base umpire Bruce Dreckman ruled that Howie Kendrick 's foot was off the bag , allowing the runners to move up while Guerrero was retired on the relay . That drew Scioscia onto the field for a heated argument with Dreckman . Rodney intentionally walked Hamilton to load the bases before Nelson Cruz popped to second to end the threat . During Cruz 's at-bat , Rodney threw a 2 - 2 pitch over Mathis ' head to the backstop , but he played the carom quickly and Michael Young had to stay at third	False
Rodney intentionally walked Hamilton to load the bases before Nelson Cruz popped to second to end the threat . During Cruz 's at-bat , Rodney threw a 2 - 2 pitch over Mathis ' head to the backstop , but he played the carom quickly and Michael Young had to stay at third . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kendrick 's double in the left-field corner that scored Erick Aybar , who singled to lead off . Their other run came in the sixth	True
Adam Moore 's broken-bat RBI single highlighted a three - run rally in the eighth inning for the comeback victory . Brandon League ( 9 - 6 ) , who took over for Hernandez in the eighth	True
Adam Moore 's broken-bat RBI single highlighted a three - run rally in the eighth inning for the comeback victory . Brandon League ( 9 - 6 ) , who took over for Hernandez in the eighth , earned the victory . David Aardsma worked the ninth	True
Hernandez has the third-lowest run-support average in the American League at 3.44 runs per outing . He has the second best ERA ( 2.38 ) and is tied for first	False
The Angels had a couple of early chances . In the second	True
In the second , they loaded the bases with one out on a couple of singles and a walk . But Jeff Mathis bounced into a double play . With one out in the third	True
In the second , they loaded the bases with one out on a couple of singles and a walk . But Jeff Mathis bounced into a double play . With one out in the third , Alberto Callaspo singled . He stole second	False
In the second , they loaded the bases with one out on a couple of singles and a walk . But Jeff Mathis bounced into a double play . With one out in the third , Alberto Callaspo singled . He stole second , then continued to third	False
With one out in the third , Alberto Callaspo singled . He stole second , then continued to third when the ball bounced off Chone Figgins ' glove for an error . Howard Kendrick attempted a squeeze bunt on the first pitch but fouled it off . He finally hit a two - hopper to third	False
The Mariners have erred on the side of caution with Hernandez 's work load this season . He was still strong through seven , but manager Daren Brown lifted him . But Los Angeles took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth	True
Baltimore got a first-inning run when Markakis doubled and scored on a single by Scott , who ended a 2 - for - 21 slump . Markakis became the first player in Orioles history to hit 40 doubles in four successive seasons . It became 3 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore got a first-inning run when Markakis doubled and scored on a single by Scott , who ended a 2 - for - 21 slump . Markakis became the first player in Orioles history to hit 40 doubles in four successive seasons . It became 3 - 0 in the third . With runners on the corners and two outs , Adam Jones hit a grounder in the hole to shortstop Marco Scutaro , who threw wildly to second	False
It became 3 - 0 in the third . With runners on the corners and two outs , Adam Jones hit a grounder in the hole to shortstop Marco Scutaro , who threw wildly to second . Jones was credited with an RBI single , and another run scored while right fielder J. D. Drew retrieved the ball . Lowrie ended Baltimore 's run of 30 straight scoreless innings in the fifth	True
Lowrie ended Baltimore 's run of 30 straight scoreless innings in the fifth , hitting his fourth homer following a leadoff single by Mike Lowell . It was only the third home run allowed by Matusz in his last seven starts . The Red Sox got runners at first	False
Lowrie ended Baltimore 's run of 30 straight scoreless innings in the fifth , hitting his fourth homer following a leadoff single by Mike Lowell . It was only the third home run allowed by Matusz in his last seven starts . The Red Sox got runners at first and third	False
Lowrie ended Baltimore 's run of 30 straight scoreless innings in the fifth , hitting his fourth homer following a leadoff single by Mike Lowell . It was only the third home run allowed by Matusz in his last seven starts . The Red Sox got runners at first and third with two outs in the sixth	True
The Red Sox got runners at first and third with two outs in the sixth before Lowell looked at a third strike . Scott and Felix Pie both hit solo shots off Felix Doubront in the eighth	True
The 35-year-old Dickey ( 9 - 5 ) yielded six hits in seven - plus innings , lowering his ERA to 2.57 . He also had a pair of singles and scored once to aid his own cause . Feeling fatigued , Dickey asked manager Jerry Manuel to let him face at least one batter in the eighth	True
Bobby Parnell induced a double-play grounder from No . 3 batter Hunter Pence , then gave up a single and a double before retiring Jason Michaels to end the inning . Hisanori Takahashi worked a scoreless ninth	True
Norris ( 6 - 8 ) entered 4 - 0 with a 3.03 ERA in six starts since July 28 , including a 3 - 2 victory over the Mets on Aug. 19 at home . Houston was unbeaten in those six games and the right-hander had gone at least six innings in all of them , but New York snapped that string . David Wright drew a leadoff walk in the second	True
Norris ( 6 - 8 ) entered 4 - 0 with a 3.03 ERA in six starts since July 28 , including a 3 - 2 victory over the Mets on Aug. 19 at home . Houston was unbeaten in those six games and the right-hander had gone at least six innings in all of them , but New York snapped that string . David Wright drew a leadoff walk in the second and went to third	False
Angel Pagan followed with an RBI groundout and Castillo dumped a run-scoring single into right-center . In the previous five games , New York was 4 for 34 ( .118 ) with runners in scoring position . Jason Castro doubled to start the third	True
Angel Pagan followed with an RBI groundout and Castillo dumped a run-scoring single into right-center . In the previous five games , New York was 4 for 34 ( .118 ) with runners in scoring position . Jason Castro doubled to start the third for Houston and scored from third	False
Angel Pagan followed with an RBI groundout and Castillo dumped a run-scoring single into right-center . In the previous five games , New York was 4 for 34 ( .118 ) with runners in scoring position . Jason Castro doubled to start the third for Houston and scored from third on an infield single by Michael Bourn , who left in the eighth	True
Jason Castro doubled to start the third for Houston and scored from third on an infield single by Michael Bourn , who left in the eighth with a mild cramp in his left leg that 's not considered serious . Thole hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
That , of course , would mean a Phillies-Padres playoff series . Hamels won for the first time in nine starts and the two - time defending NL champions dominated the Padres , who continue to have the league 's best record at 76 - 53 . Hamels and the other two Philadelphia starters this series , Roy Oswalt and Joe Blanton , combined to go 3 - 0 and allow only two earned runs in 22 innings for a 0.82 ERA . The Phillies threw their 16th shutout , tying San Diego for second	False
Phillies manager Charlie Manuel also would n't mind a trip back to San Diego . Mike Sweeney , starting in place of slumping Ryan Howard against left-hander Clayton Richard , hit a two - run homer , his first	False
Hamels ( 8 - 10 ) prevailed over Richard ( 12 - 6 ) in a duel of lefties to win for the first time since July 11 against Cincinnati . He had gone 0 - 3 despite a 2.83 ERA in his previous eight starts . Hamels retired his final 16 batters after allowing Adrian Gonzalez 's single with two outs in the third	True
Hamels retired his final 16 batters after allowing Adrian Gonzalez 's single with two outs in the third . He struck out six and walked none . Ryan Madson finished the combined five - hitter as several thousand Phillies fans stood and cheered . Hamels allowed consecutive singles with two outs in the first	True
Hamels retired his final 16 batters after allowing Adrian Gonzalez 's single with two outs in the third . He struck out six and walked none . Ryan Madson finished the combined five - hitter as several thousand Phillies fans stood and cheered . Hamels allowed consecutive singles with two outs in the first before retiring Headley on a popup to second	False
Hamels retired his final 16 batters after allowing Adrian Gonzalez 's single with two outs in the third . He struck out six and walked none . Ryan Madson finished the combined five - hitter as several thousand Phillies fans stood and cheered . Hamels allowed consecutive singles with two outs in the first before retiring Headley on a popup to second . He allowed a single in the second	True
Hamels retired his final 16 batters after allowing Adrian Gonzalez 's single with two outs in the third . He struck out six and walked none . Ryan Madson finished the combined five - hitter as several thousand Phillies fans stood and cheered . Hamels allowed consecutive singles with two outs in the first before retiring Headley on a popup to second . He allowed a single in the second and another in the third	False
Gonzalez had three hits for San Diego . Two of Philadelphia 's runs were unearned . Carlos Ruiz singled with one out in the third	True
Gonzalez had three hits for San Diego . Two of Philadelphia 's runs were unearned . Carlos Ruiz singled with one out in the third and advanced on Richard 's errant pickoff throw . He took third	False
Two of Philadelphia 's runs were unearned . Carlos Ruiz singled with one out in the third and advanced on Richard 's errant pickoff throw . He took third on Hamels ' groundout and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' single . In the eighth	True
Two of Philadelphia 's runs were unearned . Carlos Ruiz singled with one out in the third and advanced on Richard 's errant pickoff throw . He took third on Hamels ' groundout and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' single . In the eighth , Ruiz hit a leadoff single and was safe at second	False
Two of Philadelphia 's runs were unearned . Carlos Ruiz singled with one out in the third and advanced on Richard 's errant pickoff throw . He took third on Hamels ' groundout and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' single . In the eighth , Ruiz hit a leadoff single and was safe at second on Richard 's throwing error after he fielded Hamels ' bunt . Right fielder Ryan Ludwick made a nice diving catch of Rollins ' fly . But when Ludwick attempted to double Hamels off first	False
In the eighth , Ruiz hit a leadoff single and was safe at second on Richard 's throwing error after he fielded Hamels ' bunt . Right fielder Ryan Ludwick made a nice diving catch of Rollins ' fly . But when Ludwick attempted to double Hamels off first , his throw was wide and bounced into the Padres ' dugout for another error , allowing Ruiz to score . In between , Sweeney lined a pitch over the left-field wall with two outs in the seventh	True
In between , Sweeney lined a pitch over the left-field wall with two outs in the seventh . It was seventh overall . Werth hit a solo homer off Luis Perdomo with one out in the ninth	False
Gonzalez ( 12 - 8 ) left with a 7 - 2 lead after throwing 65 of his 95 pitches for strikes on another hot day in Texas . The left-hander , now 7 - 1 with a 2.10 ERA in 10 day games this season , even talked to the baseball -- a la Braden . Josh Hamilton drove in both Texas runs , with a two - out bloop RBI single in the third	True
Gonzalez ( 12 - 8 ) left with a 7 - 2 lead after throwing 65 of his 95 pitches for strikes on another hot day in Texas . The left-hander , now 7 - 1 with a 2.10 ERA in 10 day games this season , even talked to the baseball -- a la Braden . Josh Hamilton drove in both Texas runs , with a two - out bloop RBI single in the third and his 31st homer in the sixth	True
Oakland went ahead to stay when Ellis broke a 1-all tie with his third homer , a towering flyball that dropped just beyond the 14-foot wall in left-center field . The A 's scored twice in the fifth	True
Oakland went ahead to stay when Ellis broke a 1-all tie with his third homer , a towering flyball that dropped just beyond the 14-foot wall in left-center field . The A 's scored twice in the fifth for a 4 - 1 lead after Lewis ' throwing error on Kurt Suzuki 's comebacker . Lewis threw the ball way wide of second base and into center . Pennington scored and Daric Barton moved from first	False
Oakland went ahead to stay when Ellis broke a 1-all tie with his third homer , a towering flyball that dropped just beyond the 14-foot wall in left-center field . The A 's scored twice in the fifth for a 4 - 1 lead after Lewis ' throwing error on Kurt Suzuki 's comebacker . Lewis threw the ball way wide of second base and into center . Pennington scored and Daric Barton moved from first to third	False
The A 's scored twice in the fifth for a 4 - 1 lead after Lewis ' throwing error on Kurt Suzuki 's comebacker . Lewis threw the ball way wide of second base and into center . Pennington scored and Daric Barton moved from first to third before then scoring on an inning-ending double play . First baseman Jorge Cantu then snagged Jack Cust 's hard grounder at the bag , wiping out the force at second	False
The A 's scored twice in the fifth for a 4 - 1 lead after Lewis ' throwing error on Kurt Suzuki 's comebacker . Lewis threw the ball way wide of second base and into center . Pennington scored and Daric Barton moved from first to third before then scoring on an inning-ending double play . First baseman Jorge Cantu then snagged Jack Cust 's hard grounder at the bag , wiping out the force at second . Suzuki got caught up between first	False
The A 's scored twice in the fifth for a 4 - 1 lead after Lewis ' throwing error on Kurt Suzuki 's comebacker . Lewis threw the ball way wide of second base and into center . Pennington scored and Daric Barton moved from first to third before then scoring on an inning-ending double play . First baseman Jorge Cantu then snagged Jack Cust 's hard grounder at the bag , wiping out the force at second . Suzuki got caught up between first and second	False
First baseman Jorge Cantu then snagged Jack Cust 's hard grounder at the bag , wiping out the force at second . Suzuki got caught up between first and second and avoided being tagged long enough for Barton to score . Kouzmanoff led off the sixth	True
Jayson Werth hit a solo shot for Philadelphia , which has scored two runs or less in six of the last seven games . For the third straight night , a disputed call by the umpires was a factor in the outcome . With Jimmy Rollins batting , runners at first	False
Jayson Werth hit a solo shot for Philadelphia , which has scored two runs or less in six of the last seven games . For the third straight night , a disputed call by the umpires was a factor in the outcome . With Jimmy Rollins batting , runners at first and third	False
Jayson Werth hit a solo shot for Philadelphia , which has scored two runs or less in six of the last seven games . For the third straight night , a disputed call by the umpires was a factor in the outcome . With Jimmy Rollins batting , runners at first and third and the Phillies down a run in the seventh	True
Francisco appeared to get his foot tangled up with third baseman Chris Johnson 's foot and was called out by third base umpire Greg Gibson . Third base coach Sam Perlozzo and Manuel argued , but neither was ejected . On Monday night , Manuel got tossed by Gibson for arguing Bourn should 've been called out of the baseline running to first	False
In the 14th inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 2 loss in 16 innings , Howard was ejected after third base umpire Scott Barry called him out on a checked swing . The Phillies wound up putting Oswalt in left field and Raul Ibanez at first base . Barry was booed loudly during pregame introductions , and Gibson got an earful after his call in the seventh	True
Barry was booed loudly during pregame introductions , and Gibson got an earful after his call in the seventh . Quintero hit a two - out single in the seventh	True
Quintero hit a two - out single in the seventh to give the Astros a 3 - 2 lead . Johnson doubled and scored on Quintero 's liner to left . Halladay singled and scored the tying run in the sixth	False
Halladay singled and scored the tying run in the sixth on Placido Polanco 's double over left fielder Carlos Lee 's head . But Happ escaped further trouble with runners on second	False
Halladay singled and scored the tying run in the sixth on Placido Polanco 's double over left fielder Carlos Lee 's head . But Happ escaped further trouble with runners on second and third	False
But Happ escaped further trouble with runners on second and third by retiring Chase Utley on a popup and Werth on a grounder . Werth 's batting average of .157 with runners in scoring position is the worst in the majors . Bourn put the Astros up 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
Bourn put the Astros up 2 - 1 in the sixth when he hit one out to right for just his second homer this season . Halladay , who threw the 20th perfect game in history on May 29 at Florida , retired the first 11 batters before Pence connected in the fourth	True
Halladay , who threw the 20th perfect game in history on May 29 at Florida , retired the first 11 batters before Pence connected in the fourth for a 1 - 0 lead . It was the first run Halladay allowed in 18 innings . Happ had n't allowed a hit until Werth lined one just over the left-field wall in the fifth	True
Right-hander Dustin Moseley ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings to win consecutive starts for the first time this season . He walked four and struck out four . Chad Gaudin pitched two innings and Kerry Wood worked the ninth	True
Chad Gaudin pitched two innings and Kerry Wood worked the ninth for the Yankees . New York got its offensive barrage started early , with Teixeira hitting an RBI single in the first	True
Chad Gaudin pitched two innings and Kerry Wood worked the ninth for the Yankees . New York got its offensive barrage started early , with Teixeira hitting an RBI single in the first and Eduardo Nunez driving in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the second	True
New York got its offensive barrage started early , with Teixeira hitting an RBI single in the first and Eduardo Nunez driving in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the second . The Yankees chased Blue Jays left-hander Marc Rzepczynski ( 1 - 2 ) with a four - run , three - homer third	True
New York got its offensive barrage started early , with Teixeira hitting an RBI single in the first and Eduardo Nunez driving in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the second . The Yankees chased Blue Jays left-hander Marc Rzepczynski ( 1 - 2 ) with a four - run , three - homer third . Teixeira was the first	False
New York got its offensive barrage started early , with Teixeira hitting an RBI single in the first and Eduardo Nunez driving in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the second . The Yankees chased Blue Jays left-hander Marc Rzepczynski ( 1 - 2 ) with a four - run , three - homer third . Teixeira was the first to go deep , hitting a one - out drive into the second deck in left , his 28th . Robinson Cano walked and Thames blasted his fifth	False
Rzepczynski allowed six runs and eight hits in three innings , his shortest career start . He walked two and struck out one . Toronto got one back on Vernon Wells ' run-scoring single in the fourth	True
Rzepczynski allowed six runs and eight hits in three innings , his shortest career start . He walked two and struck out one . Toronto got one back on Vernon Wells ' run-scoring single in the fourth , his first RBI since Aug. 8 , but the Yankees responded with a four - run fifth	True
Rzepczynski allowed six runs and eight hits in three innings , his shortest career start . He walked two and struck out one . Toronto got one back on Vernon Wells ' run-scoring single in the fourth , his first RBI since Aug. 8 , but the Yankees responded with a four - run fifth off reliever Brian Tallet . Granderson homered to right , his 14th	False
The Yankees have 44 four - run innings this season , the most in the majors . Posada made it 11 - 1 with an RBI single in the top of the sixth	True
The Yankees have 44 four - run innings this season , the most in the majors . Posada made it 11 - 1 with an RBI single in the top of the sixth before Blue Jays catcher John Buck answered with an RBI single in the bottom half . Adam Lind tried to score from second	False
Posada made it 11 - 1 with an RBI single in the top of the sixth before Blue Jays catcher John Buck answered with an RBI single in the bottom half . Adam Lind tried to score from second , but was thrown out at the plate by Granderson . Yankees outfielder Nick Swisher left after fouling a pitch off his left knee in the seventh	True
The Padres lost the first two games of the series , but got a solid outing from starter Jon Garland ( 13 - 8 ) and improved to 14 - 1 in games following two straight losses . Garland 's scoreless-innings streak ended at 21 innings when he gave up Ryan Braun 's 18th home run in the fifth	True
Manny Parra ( 3 - 10 ) gave up seven runs in six innings on eight hits and four walks . He struck out five . The left-hander is 0 - 5 with a 7.42 ERA in his last eight starts and manager Ken Macha said he and general manager Doug Melvin have considered replacing the left-hander in the rotation . Gonzalez went deep in the first	True
Manny Parra ( 3 - 10 ) gave up seven runs in six innings on eight hits and four walks . He struck out five . The left-hander is 0 - 5 with a 7.42 ERA in his last eight starts and manager Ken Macha said he and general manager Doug Melvin have considered replacing the left-hander in the rotation . Gonzalez went deep in the first and Headley connected for his 10th homer in the second	True
Manny Parra ( 3 - 10 ) gave up seven runs in six innings on eight hits and four walks . He struck out five . The left-hander is 0 - 5 with a 7.42 ERA in his last eight starts and manager Ken Macha said he and general manager Doug Melvin have considered replacing the left-hander in the rotation . Gonzalez went deep in the first and Headley connected for his 10th homer in the second for a 2 - 0 lead , but San Diego blew the game open by taking advantage of Parra 's wildness in the fifth	True
Gonzalez went deep in the first and Headley connected for his 10th homer in the second for a 2 - 0 lead , but San Diego blew the game open by taking advantage of Parra 's wildness in the fifth and sixth innings . Three of the four batters the Brewers starter walked in those two innings ended up scoring . Milwaukee had plenty of chances against Garland ( 13 - 8 ) , but left two runners stranded in the first	True
Gonzalez went deep in the first and Headley connected for his 10th homer in the second for a 2 - 0 lead , but San Diego blew the game open by taking advantage of Parra 's wildness in the fifth and sixth innings . Three of the four batters the Brewers starter walked in those two innings ended up scoring . Milwaukee had plenty of chances against Garland ( 13 - 8 ) , but left two runners stranded in the first , third	True
Gonzalez went deep in the first and Headley connected for his 10th homer in the second for a 2 - 0 lead , but San Diego blew the game open by taking advantage of Parra 's wildness in the fifth and sixth innings . Three of the four batters the Brewers starter walked in those two innings ended up scoring . Milwaukee had plenty of chances against Garland ( 13 - 8 ) , but left two runners stranded in the first , third , fourth	True
Milwaukee had plenty of chances against Garland ( 13 - 8 ) , but left two runners stranded in the first , third , fourth and sixth innings . The right-hander pitched 5 1/3 innings , giving up two runs on eight hits and three walks with four strikeouts . Four San Diego relievers pitched 3 2/3 innings of relief , allowing a two - out RBI single to Braun in the ninth	True
Four San Diego relievers pitched 3 2/3 innings of relief , allowing a two - out RBI single to Braun in the ninth . Luis Durango , making his first start since being recalled from the minors Saturday , walked to open the fifth	True
Miguel Tejada followed with a double to the base of the left-field wall , scoring Garland and Eckstein to make it 7 - 2 . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the bottom of the sixth	True
The AL West-leading Rangers arrived in Baltimore after going 0 - 3 in Tampa Bay . By winning the series finale , Texas avoided its first multi-city road trip with only one win since a 1 - 12 trek in August 2005 . Hamilton and Guerrero both connected off Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 14 ) . Hamilton homered in the first	True
The AL West-leading Rangers arrived in Baltimore after going 0 - 3 in Tampa Bay . By winning the series finale , Texas avoided its first multi-city road trip with only one win since a 1 - 12 trek in August 2005 . Hamilton and Guerrero both connected off Kevin Millwood ( 2 - 14 ) . Hamilton homered in the first to put Texas up 3 - 0 after the game 's seventh pitch , and Guerrero made it 6 - 1 with a drive in the fifth	True
Hunter did n't get past the third inning in either of his last two starts and was 1 - 2 in his previous four . Neftali Feliz allowed Wigginton 's 20th homer in the ninth	True
Wilson came within an out of his third career complete game , allowing only three hits in a 2 - 0 victory over the Orioles on Friday night that ended Texas ' four - game losing streak . Wilson ( 12 - 5 ) retired 16 straight batters until Brian Roberts led off the ninth	True
Wilson came within an out of his third career complete game , allowing only three hits in a 2 - 0 victory over the Orioles on Friday night that ended Texas ' four - game losing streak . Wilson ( 12 - 5 ) retired 16 straight batters until Brian Roberts led off the ninth with a double . Before that , the only two Baltimore hits were by Julio Lugo -- a first-inning single and a double in the third	True
After Roberts ' double , Wilson struck out Lugo and retired Felix Pie on a groundout . Then Washington emerged from the dugout , and Wilson decided he was n't going to merely flip the ball to the manager and walk off the mound . Washington , naturally , got his way . Neftali Feliz entered and retired pinch-hitter Luke Scott on a foul pop up for his 30th save , the first	False
Nick Markakis , the lone left-handed batter in the Baltimore lineup , fanned three times . After the third one , in which all three strikes were called , Markakis animatedly complained to home plate umpire Jeff Nelson and received his first career ejection . Orioles manager Buck Showalter continued the argument after Markakis left and kept on griping into the ninth	True
Moreland put the Rangers up 1 - 0 in the second inning with his third home run , an opposite-field fly to left that carried just inside the foul pole and barely cleared the seven - foot wall . Texas added an unearned run in the seventh	True
In an effort to stack the lineup with right-handed batters and switch-hitters , Showalter started Lugo in left field . It was only the 12th career game in left for Lugo -- the third since 2001 -- and it did n't take long for his inexperience to show . With two outs in the first	True
Dodgers reliever Octavio Dotel did him one better . Melvin Mora scored the go-ahead run on one of Dotel 's three wild pitches in the 10th	True
After Dotel 's wild flings put the Rockies ahead , they preserved the lead with two good throws . With two outs in the bottom of the 10th	True
The last out wrapped up a night of stellar defensive plays . Rockies right fielder Carlos Gonzalez , who began the day third	False
Gonzalez was down on the warning track for several minutes with the ball still in his glove , surrounded by Tracy and two trainers . Gonzalez left the field under his own power and exchanged high-fives in the dugout with his teammates . The game was 2-all in the 10th	True
Gonzalez was down on the warning track for several minutes with the ball still in his glove , surrounded by Tracy and two trainers . Gonzalez left the field under his own power and exchanged high-fives in the dugout with his teammates . The game was 2-all in the 10th when Dotel ( 2 - 3 ) walked Mora with one out . Mora stole second	False
Jason Giambi pinch-hit for Ryan Spilborghs , and Mora came home as Dotel bounced another pitch past rookie catcher A. J. Ellis . Dotel uncorked one more wild one before retiring Tulowitzki on a grounder . Rafael Betancourt ( 3 - 1 ) got the win , striking out both batters he faced in the ninth	True
The Rockies ' clubhouse was anything but celebratory , because it was Brad Hawpe 's final game with the club he spent his first seven big league seasons with . Hawpe , one of the cornerstones of the Rockies ' 2007 NL championship team and a first-time All-Star last season , cleared waivers on Wednesday amid talk he would be released . He 's hitting .255 with seven homers and 37 RBIs , and he ended his Rockies career with a pinch-hit single in the seventh	True
Johnson finished with 92 pitches , just two fewer than Volquez , but that was due as much to the Reds as it was to Johnson , Florida manager Edwin Rodriguez said . Reds manager Dusty Baker served the first	True
Rolen hit the last of four consecutive first-inning singles , producing two runs . One out later , Bruce 's bouncer up the middle took a bad hop off the glove of diving shortstop Hanley Ramirez and into center field , sending Votto home and making it 3 - 0 . Rolen also showed off his prowess on the basepaths in the third	True
Rolen hit the last of four consecutive first-inning singles , producing two runs . One out later , Bruce 's bouncer up the middle took a bad hop off the glove of diving shortstop Hanley Ramirez and into center field , sending Votto home and making it 3 - 0 . Rolen also showed off his prowess on the basepaths in the third . The All-Star third baseman reached on a leadoff double and advanced to third	False
Rolen hit the last of four consecutive first-inning singles , producing two runs . One out later , Bruce 's bouncer up the middle took a bad hop off the glove of diving shortstop Hanley Ramirez and into center field , sending Votto home and making it 3 - 0 . Rolen also showed off his prowess on the basepaths in the third . The All-Star third baseman reached on a leadoff double and advanced to third on Jim Edmonds ' grounder to second	False
Rolen also showed off his prowess on the basepaths in the third . The All-Star third baseman reached on a leadoff double and advanced to third on Jim Edmonds ' grounder to second . Bruce then hit a chopper up the middle and Ramirez came home , but Rolen scored on a nifty slide past catcher Ronny Paulino . Bruce led off the fifth	True
Bruce led off the fifth with his 11th homer , a 419-foot shot to center field off Taylor Tankersley . Stanton , who carried an 8 - for - 12 surge into the game , hit his 13th homer and second	False
Bruce led off the fifth with his 11th homer , a 419-foot shot to center field off Taylor Tankersley . Stanton , who carried an 8 - for - 12 surge into the game , hit his 13th homer and second in two nights with one out in the sixth	True
Bruce led off the fifth with his 11th homer , a 419-foot shot to center field off Taylor Tankersley . Stanton , who carried an 8 - for - 12 surge into the game , hit his 13th homer and second in two nights with one out in the sixth . He added a one - out homer to right in the eighth	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Marc Rzepczynski made the most of his return to the major leagues . Rzepczynski pitched two - hit ball over seven innings in a spot start for resting Brandon Morrow , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 0 on Friday night . He retired 14 of his last 15 batters in his 14th big league start and third	False
The 24-year-old left-hander , who was born in nearby Yorba Linda and lives in Riverside , made his first appearance for the Blue Jays since giving up five runs and nine hits over 4 2/3 innings at Kansas City on July 21 . Among Friday night 's crowd of 40,606 were a group of 20 family members and friends , including his parents . Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston decided to have Morrow skip a turn in the rotation after last Sunday 's 1 - 0 masterpiece in which he set career highs with 137 pitches and 17 strikeouts and lost his bid for a no-hitter on Evan Longoria 's two - out single in the ninth	True
Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston decided to have Morrow skip a turn in the rotation after last Sunday 's 1 - 0 masterpiece in which he set career highs with 137 pitches and 17 strikeouts and lost his bid for a no-hitter on Evan Longoria 's two - out single in the ninth . Scott Downs pitched the eighth	True
Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston decided to have Morrow skip a turn in the rotation after last Sunday 's 1 - 0 masterpiece in which he set career highs with 137 pitches and 17 strikeouts and lost his bid for a no-hitter on Evan Longoria 's two - out single in the ninth . Scott Downs pitched the eighth and former Angels right-hander Kevin Gregg worked a perfect ninth	True
Speedy Angels rookie Peter Bourjos , who has started in center field in all nine games since his promotion from Triple-A Salt Lake on Aug. 3 , made a leaping attempt on Adam Lind 's drive to the wall in right-center in the second inning and the ball caromed off his glove for a triple . Edwin Encarnacion drove in Lind with a single . Bourjos robbed Aaron Hill of a bloop single in left-center in the third	True
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez threw eight innings against the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night in a 2 - 0 victory . He might have won the game back in the first inning . Hernandez ( 8 - 9 ) , the Seattle Mariners ' ace right-hander , worked out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam in the first	True
He scattered five hits over his eight innings . David Aardsma took over in the ninth	True
Run support has been a problem for Hernandez this season , as his teammates have provided just nine total runs in his nine losses . A 's starter Brett Anderson ( 3 - 3 ) kept the Mariners in check through five innings . Anderson also had some first-inning trouble . He walked Jose Lopez with two outs , then Franklin Gutierrez doubled into the left-field corner . Lopez , who is not fast , was held up at third	False
Anderson also had some first-inning trouble . He walked Jose Lopez with two outs , then Franklin Gutierrez doubled into the left-field corner . Lopez , who is not fast , was held up at third . Casey Kotchman ended it with a right-side groundout . Anderson went on to retire 13 of 14 batters , allowing only a two - out single in the fourth	True
Anderson went on to retire 13 of 14 batters , allowing only a two - out single in the fourth . He gave up two hits through five innings but could n't get through the sixth unharmed . The Mariners finally scored a run in the sixth	True
Anderson went on to retire 13 of 14 batters , allowing only a two - out single in the fourth . He gave up two hits through five innings but could n't get through the sixth unharmed . The Mariners finally scored a run in the sixth . Ichiro Suzuki led off with his major league-leading 38th infield hit . He was sacrificed to second	False
`` I was like , 'Wow , we get a run . ' I'm just kidding , '' Hernandez joked . `` I was saying , 'Now you have to keep the lead . ' That 's what I do . '' Seattle added a run in the eighth	True
It was the sixth shutout for the Mariners and the fifth time the A 's have been shut out . The A 's technically halted a notorious streak . Entering the game , they were 0 - for - 35 with runners in scoring position . The club record is 0 - for - 41 set in 1980 . Kurt Suzuki ended it in the first inning when he singled with runners on first	False
It was the sixth shutout for the Mariners and the fifth time the A 's have been shut out . The A 's technically halted a notorious streak . Entering the game , they were 0 - for - 35 with runners in scoring position . The club record is 0 - for - 41 set in 1980 . Kurt Suzuki ended it in the first inning when he singled with runners on first and second	False
Haren ( 1 - 2 ) allowed five hits and one run in seven innings to win in his fourth start with the Angels , whom he joined on July 25 in a trade from Arizona . He struck out three and walked one for his first win since June 12 against St. Louis . Brian Fuentes pitched a perfect ninth	True
Bryan Bullington ( 0 - 2 ) gave up five hits and three runs in six innings in his first start for the Royals this season and his first major league start since Sept. 28 , 2008 . He struck out four and walked one in the longest outing of his career . The Royals lost their third straight and sixth	False
The Royals lost their third straight and sixth in eight games to drop into a last-place tie with Cleveland in the AL Central . The Angels snapped a 1 - 1 tie with two runs in the fifth	True
The Angels snapped a 1 - 1 tie with two runs in the fifth . Howie Kendrick led off with a double to extend his hitting streak to 12 games . He scored when Bourjos laid down a bunt in front of the plate with Kendrick running down the line . Catcher Jason Kendall swiped at the ball and reached back to tag out Kendrick as he came home , but Kendall never got the ball in his glove . After Bourjos was caught stealing second	False
After Bourjos was caught stealing second , Abreu singled with two outs and scored on Erick Aybar 's triple in the right field corner for a 3 - 1 lead . Haren got out of a bases loaded jam in the seventh	True
After Bourjos was caught stealing second , Abreu singled with two outs and scored on Erick Aybar 's triple in the right field corner for a 3 - 1 lead . Haren got out of a bases loaded jam in the seventh on a fielder 's choice groundout to third	False
Haren got out of a bases loaded jam in the seventh on a fielder 's choice groundout to third by Willie Bloomquist . The Angels led 1 - 0 in the first	True
Haren got out of a bases loaded jam in the seventh on a fielder 's choice groundout to third by Willie Bloomquist . The Angels led 1 - 0 in the first on Hideki Matsui 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the second	True
Sabathia , however , was especially tough on David Ortiz . The Boston slugger struck out three times and grounded into a double play in his other at-bat . Mariano Rivera closed in the ninth	True
Lackey ( 10 - 7 ) was in trouble for most of his six innings . He 's won only once in his last seven starts , not what a Red Sox team running out of time needs down the stretch . Boston fell to 4 - 6 against the Yankees this year -- the clubs play eight more times this season , including two in this wraparound series . It was 2-all in the fifth	True
It was 2-all in the fifth when Lackey quickly retired the first two batters . Singles by Nick Swisher and Mark Teixeira brought up Cano , and he lined an RBI single to right as J. D. Drew battled a tough sun field . Jorge Posada followed with a run-scoring single . Pena hit an RBI single in the sixth	False
Pena hit an RBI single in the sixth . The fill-in third baseman also drove in a run with a groundout . Martinez hit the first home run off Sabathia in more than two months , opening the second	True
Adrian Beltre and Mike Lowell followed with doubles that put Boston ahead 2 - 0 . Curtis Granderson hit an RBI triple in the second	True
Matt Belisle , Joe Beimel and Huston Street combined to finish up , with Street earning his seventh save in eight opportunities . Gonzalez hit a two - out single and advanced to second	False
Gonzalez hit a two - out single and advanced to second on a wild pitch before Tulowitzki 's hit off Chan Ho Park ( 0 - 1 ) made it 4 - 3 . Colorado added two more in the ninth	True
Gonzalez has 24 homers , 74 RBIs , 72 runs , a .320 average and 15 steals to lead the Rockies in every major offensive category . The Pirates tied it in the sixth	True
It was Alvarez 's second homer in three games and eighth since July 3 . He has nine overall . Gonzalez hit a solo drive in the first	True
That was the first earned run allowed by Greinke against the Mariners in 37 innings , since April 14 , 2008 . That streak included a one - hit , 3 - 0 victory last Aug. 30 , an impressive win on the way to the Cy Young Award . The Mariners scored their most runs since an 8 - 1 win over Detroit on July 4 to support Luke French ( 1 - 2 ) . He went eight innings , allowing one run and nine hits . It was his fifth career win , third	False
However , that at-bat by Figgins stood as a contrast to virtually every other plate appearance by the Mariners . It was 11 pitches . He fouled off five pitches with a 3 - 2 count . Wilson had a sacrifice fly and Ichiro Suzuki had a two - out RBI single in the fourth	True
Wilson had a sacrifice fly and Ichiro Suzuki had a two - out RBI single in the fourth . In the sixth	True
In the sixth , Figgins had a two - out , two - run double into the left-field corner . His three RBIs were a season high . Over his past 13 games , he is hitting .404 . Casey Kotchman finished it with a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Casey Kotchman finished it with a two - out RBI single in the eighth . The Royals scored their lone run in the third	True
Casey Kotchman finished it with a two - out RBI single in the eighth . The Royals scored their lone run in the third . Gregor Blanco and Jason Kendall had consecutive two - out singles then Billy Butler looped a ball over second base that just eluded shortstop Wilson . Blanco scored but Kendall was caught in a rundown between second	False
Casey Kotchman finished it with a two - out RBI single in the eighth . The Royals scored their lone run in the third . Gregor Blanco and Jason Kendall had consecutive two - out singles then Billy Butler looped a ball over second base that just eluded shortstop Wilson . Blanco scored but Kendall was caught in a rundown between second and third	False
The Giants moved within a game of NL West leader San Diego , which lost 2 - 1 to Arizona . The Braves ' lead over Philadelphia fell to one in the NL East . The Phillies beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 . The Giants scored the tying run in the ninth without a hit and the go-ahead run in the 11th	True
The Giants scored the tying run in the ninth without a hit and the go-ahead run in the 11th when Atlanta reliever Peter Moylan ( 3 - 2 ) walked the bases loaded ahead of Burrell 's fly ball . Aubrey Huff opened the 11th	True
The Giants scored the tying run in the ninth without a hit and the go-ahead run in the 11th when Atlanta reliever Peter Moylan ( 3 - 2 ) walked the bases loaded ahead of Burrell 's fly ball . Aubrey Huff opened the 11th with a walk and moved to second	False
The Giants scored the tying run in the ninth without a hit and the go-ahead run in the 11th when Atlanta reliever Peter Moylan ( 3 - 2 ) walked the bases loaded ahead of Burrell 's fly ball . Aubrey Huff opened the 11th with a walk and moved to second when Buster Posey walked . Juan Uribe hit into a forceout , with Huff reaching third	False
The Giants got only four hits , but it turned out they did n't need any more . Javier Lopez ( 3 - 2 ) picked up the win with a scoreless 10th	True
The Giants got only four hits , but it turned out they did n't need any more . Javier Lopez ( 3 - 2 ) picked up the win with a scoreless 10th and Brian Wilson got his 32nd save in 35 attempts with a hitless 11th	True
The Giants tied it at 2 in the ninth without a hit as the Braves made two errors . Huff was hit by a pitch leading off the inning against Atlanta closer Billy Wagner . Posey then reached on a throwing error by shortstop Alex Gonzalez before Uribe flied to right , Huff advancing to third	False
Huff was hit by a pitch leading off the inning against Atlanta closer Billy Wagner . Posey then reached on a throwing error by shortstop Alex Gonzalez before Uribe flied to right , Huff advancing to third . Sandoval then reached when third baseman Chipper Jones fumbled his grounder , allowing Huff to score the tying run . Posey took third	False
Huff was hit by a pitch leading off the inning against Atlanta closer Billy Wagner . Posey then reached on a throwing error by shortstop Alex Gonzalez before Uribe flied to right , Huff advancing to third . Sandoval then reached when third baseman Chipper Jones fumbled his grounder , allowing Huff to score the tying run . Posey took third and Sandoval second	False
Hanson allowed three hits and one run in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Jones hit his 10th home run in the sixth inning off Barry Zito to break a 1 - 1 tie . Gonzalez hit his third home run as a Brave and second	False
Hanson allowed three hits and one run in seven innings . He walked two and struck out three . Jones hit his 10th home run in the sixth inning off Barry Zito to break a 1 - 1 tie . Gonzalez hit his third home run as a Brave and second in two games in the fifth	True
Jones had three of Atlanta 's six hits . Burrell had two of San Francisco 's four hits . He went 2 - for - 2 with a pair of walks . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Andres Torres led off the game with a single , stole second	False
Jones had three of Atlanta 's six hits . Burrell had two of San Francisco 's four hits . He went 2 - for - 2 with a pair of walks . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Andres Torres led off the game with a single , stole second and third	False
Weaver allowed three hits over seven innings to best Justin Verlander , Hunter hit a two - run homer then tossed a bag of baseballs onto the field after being ejected , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 2 on Friday night . Hunter , after hitting a tape-measure two - run homer in the first	True
Weaver allowed three hits over seven innings to best Justin Verlander , Hunter hit a two - run homer then tossed a bag of baseballs onto the field after being ejected , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 2 on Friday night . Hunter , after hitting a tape-measure two - run homer in the first , was tossed by home plate umpire Ron Kulpa in the top of the eighth	True
Weaver ( 11 - 7 ) allowed one earned run and fanned nine to run his AL-leading total to 171 . Former Tiger Fernando Rodney pitched the eighth	True
Weaver ( 11 - 7 ) allowed one earned run and fanned nine to run his AL-leading total to 171 . Former Tiger Fernando Rodney pitched the eighth and Brian Fuentes the ninth	False
Former Tiger Fernando Rodney pitched the eighth and Brian Fuentes the ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . Weaver worked out of a two on , none out jam in the second	True
Weaver worked out of a two on , none out jam in the second after he walked leadoff man Miguel Cabrera and Jhonny Peralta singled . Weaver struck out Johnny Damon swinging , got Brandon Inge to pop out and induced Alex Avila to hit a checked-swing grounder . Weaver also walked Cabrera to lead off the fourth	True
Hunter said he strongly disagreed with Kulpa 's call on the first pitch in that at-bat . The Angels made it 4 - 0 with two more in the second	True
Boesch 's two - out , solo home run in the third put Detroit on the scoreboard . His towering drive down the right-field line deep into the stands was Boesch 's 13th homer and first since June 27 . It was estimated at 407 feet . The Tigers pulled to 4 - 2 on second baseman Maicer Izturis ' throwing error as he attempted to complete a double play on Damon 's grounder in the fourth	True
Boesch 's two - out , solo home run in the third put Detroit on the scoreboard . His towering drive down the right-field line deep into the stands was Boesch 's 13th homer and first since June 27 . It was estimated at 407 feet . The Tigers pulled to 4 - 2 on second baseman Maicer Izturis ' throwing error as he attempted to complete a double play on Damon 's grounder in the fourth . Izturis ' throw to first	False
Boesch 's two - out , solo home run in the third put Detroit on the scoreboard . His towering drive down the right-field line deep into the stands was Boesch 's 13th homer and first since June 27 . It was estimated at 407 feet . The Tigers pulled to 4 - 2 on second baseman Maicer Izturis ' throwing error as he attempted to complete a double play on Damon 's grounder in the fourth . Izturis ' throw to first was wild , allowing Cabrera to score from second	False
Correia allowed four hits over 5 2/3 innings in a 5 - 0 victory Thursday night and did not strike out a batter in his 100th major league start . Correia , a notorious fly-ball pitcher who surrendered 10 home runs over his previous eight starts , was pitching in the right ballpark this time , as James Loney , Matt Kemp and Casey Blake all flied out to the warning track . Loney 's bid for a tying three - run homer in the fourth	True
Correia , a notorious fly-ball pitcher who surrendered 10 home runs over his previous eight starts , was pitching in the right ballpark this time , as James Loney , Matt Kemp and Casey Blake all flied out to the warning track . Loney 's bid for a tying three - run homer in the fourth was caught by right fielder Ryan Ludwick . Ryan Theriot singled his first two times up , the Dodgers ' only hits off Correia until Scott Podsednik 's broken-bat single with one out in the sixth	True
Thatcher has allowed only one of 25 inherited runners to score this season . Ernesto Frieri pitched the seventh	True
Thatcher has allowed only one of 25 inherited runners to score this season . Ernesto Frieri pitched the seventh , extending his streak of scoreless innings from the start of his career to 10 1/3 spanning 11 appearances . Luke Gregerson gave up two two - out singles in the eighth	True
Correia lost consecutive outings in May against the Dodgers . Los Angeles starter Chad Billingsley ( 9 - 6 ) gave up three runs and seven hits over six innings . He extended his scoreless innings streak to 25 before San Diego grabbed a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The runs snapped a 20-inning drought by the Padres stretching back to Miguel Tejada 's solo homer in the first inning of their 2 - 1 loss on Tuesday night . They also went 20 consecutive innings without a run against the Dodgers earlier this season . San Diego 's final two runs came in the ninth	True
Outscored 67 - 20 during the streak -- which included Monday 's 18 - 1 loss to Milwaukee -- the Cubs responded with their highest-scoring game this year . The Brewers lost for the sixth time in eight games , and tempers boiled over in the seventh	True
The $ 91.5 million former staff ace -- who is 12 - 14 with a 4.63 ERA in 55 outings since a no-hitter late in the 2008 season -- was suspended , sent to anger-management counseling and banished to the bullpen after a June 25 dugout tirade . Thanks to an error by third baseman Jeff Baker and Corey Hart 's two - run double , the Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead . Parra ( 3 - 9 ) could n't survive the sixth	True
Ramirez then homered on reliever Todd Coffey 's third pitch . After hitting three home runs and driving in seven on July 20 , Ramirez had batted .186 with no homers and two RBIs . He was surprised he was n't in the starting lineup , although Piniella often rests veterans when a day game follows a night game . After Soto 's homer made it 10 - 3 , the Cubs scored five more in the eighth	True
Rookie Juan Francisco had three hits and drove in a run in his second start of the season . NL batting leader Joey Votto doubled twice to raise his average to .324 after a sore right wrist kept him out of the lineup for two games . Andrew McCutchen , back in the lineup 17 hours after being struck in the neck by a 90-mph fastball from the Reds ' Mike Leake , ended Cueto 's 18-inning scoreless streak against Pittsburgh by leading off the first	True
Cueto is 3 - 0 against Pittsburgh this season , throwing a one - hitter during a 9 - 0 victory on May 11 in PNC Park , and is 5 - 0 overall in his last seven starts . Janish , filling in at shortstop for the injured Orlando Cabrera , hit a three - run homer during a six - run seventh inning against three relievers that made it 9 - 1 . Janish had three hits , including a two - out , run-scoring single in the second	True
McCutchen caught his left knee in a patch of loose sod while trying to make a sliding catch of Nix 's line drive but was n't hurt -- good news after escaping a potentially serious injury . The Reds , 10 - 1 - 1 in their last 12 series after taking two of three games in Pittsburgh , won their sixth	False
The Reds ' longest winning streak is five games , accomplished three times . Cincinnati has won eight of its last 10 against the Pirates ( 37 - 70 ) , who became the first NL team to reach the 70-loss mark . Pinch-hitter Jeff Clement had a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The Reds ' longest winning streak is five games , accomplished three times . Cincinnati has won eight of its last 10 against the Pirates ( 37 - 70 ) , who became the first NL team to reach the 70-loss mark . Pinch-hitter Jeff Clement had a two - run homer in the seventh against Bill Bray and rookie Pedro Alvarez hit a solo drive in the ninth	False
Brett Myers extended his franchise-best streak to 22 consecutive starts of six or more innings to begin the season . Keppinger 's RBI double off Mike MacDougal ( 1 - 1 ) tied it at 4 and Carlos Lee scored the go-ahead run by beating a wide throw home from second baseman Skip Schumaker on Chris Johnson 's bases-loaded chopper . Keppinger added a two - run single in a four - run ninth	True
`` Sick , '' Keppinger joked . `` I guess I 've got guys in front of me getting on base , giving me opportunities to drive in runs , and fortunately I 've been coming through . '' Nelson Figueroa ( 3 - 1 ) allowed an RBI double by Felipe Lopez that put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
`` Sick , '' Keppinger joked . `` I guess I 've got guys in front of me getting on base , giving me opportunities to drive in runs , and fortunately I 've been coming through . '' Nelson Figueroa ( 3 - 1 ) allowed an RBI double by Felipe Lopez that put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 2 in the seventh , but Jason Motte walked Michael Bourn and Anderson Hernandez on 10 pitches to open the eighth	True
Nelson Figueroa ( 3 - 1 ) allowed an RBI double by Felipe Lopez that put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 2 in the seventh , but Jason Motte walked Michael Bourn and Anderson Hernandez on 10 pitches to open the eighth , and both scored . Pujols tied it at 2 leading off the third	True
Westbrook made his first start in a week and had seven strikeouts , one off his season best , and kept the ball down to limit Houston to one flyball out . The Cardinals acquired Westbrook for outfielder Ryan Ludwick in a three - way deal with the Indians and Astros . Rookie Brett Wallace , who was the Cardinals ' first-round draft pick in 2008 , lined a single off Westbrook 's leg for his first RBI against his old team . Working with a one - run lead , Westbrook struck out Wallace with two men on to end the sixth	True
Rookie Brett Wallace , who was the Cardinals ' first-round draft pick in 2008 , lined a single off Westbrook 's leg for his first RBI against his old team . Working with a one - run lead , Westbrook struck out Wallace with two men on to end the sixth . The Astros survived throwing errors in the first	True
The AL Central champions have lost six of their last seven games and missed a chance to tie the Rays and Yankees for the best record in the American League . Bautista entered the night on an 0 - for - 20 skid , but had three hits and five RBIs . His mammoth grand slam landed in the third deck in left field some 428 feet from home plate and he added the solo homer to right in the ninth	True
And according to hittrackeronline.com , Target Field had allowed just 1.35 homers per game when the day began , third-fewest in the league behind Oakland 's McAfee Coliseum ( 1.33 ) and Seattle 's cavernous Safeco Field ( 1.22 ) . Encarnacion got things started with a two - run homer to the opposite field in right and then gave Toronto a 3 - 0 lead with a 419-foot blast into the trees behind the center field fence in the fifth	True
Young said Wednesday night 's performance was a validation of the work he 's put in during the past five months . Padres center fielder Will Venable made two great catches , including one in which he leaped to rob Aramis Ramirez of a two - run homer to end the third	True
Young said Wednesday night 's performance was a validation of the work he 's put in during the past five months . Padres center fielder Will Venable made two great catches , including one in which he leaped to rob Aramis Ramirez of a two - run homer to end the third , then came tumbling down . Even Ramirez forced a smile after watching the catch . Venable , who sat out the previous two games with a sore lower back , made a nice catch of Alfonso Soriano 's drive to just in front of the fence leading off the second	True
Padres center fielder Will Venable made two great catches , including one in which he leaped to rob Aramis Ramirez of a two - run homer to end the third , then came tumbling down . Even Ramirez forced a smile after watching the catch . Venable , who sat out the previous two games with a sore lower back , made a nice catch of Alfonso Soriano 's drive to just in front of the fence leading off the second . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 45th save in 48 chances and his 32nd straight . Chase Headley hit an RBI single in the second	True
Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 45th save in 48 chances and his 32nd straight . Chase Headley hit an RBI single in the second . Ryan Ludwick doubled leading off the fourth	True
Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 45th save in 48 chances and his 32nd straight . Chase Headley hit an RBI single in the second . Ryan Ludwick doubled leading off the fourth , was sacrificed by Yorvit Torrealba and scored on Randy Wells ' wild pitch . Luis Durango pinch-hit for Young leading off the fifth	True
Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 45th save in 48 chances and his 32nd straight . Chase Headley hit an RBI single in the second . Ryan Ludwick doubled leading off the fourth , was sacrificed by Yorvit Torrealba and scored on Randy Wells ' wild pitch . Luis Durango pinch-hit for Young leading off the fifth and walked , stole second	False
Pettitte , originally scheduled to start Wednesday , will be scratched for right-hander Javier Vazquez , Girardi said . Sabathia came in having lost two of his past four starts , allowing 16 runs , but was on form against the Blue Jays . He retired eight of the first nine batters , walking Jose Bautista in the first	True
Pettitte , originally scheduled to start Wednesday , will be scratched for right-hander Javier Vazquez , Girardi said . Sabathia came in having lost two of his past four starts , allowing 16 runs , but was on form against the Blue Jays . He retired eight of the first nine batters , walking Jose Bautista in the first . Travis Snider hit a leadoff homer to right in the third	True
Pettitte , originally scheduled to start Wednesday , will be scratched for right-hander Javier Vazquez , Girardi said . Sabathia came in having lost two of his past four starts , allowing 16 runs , but was on form against the Blue Jays . He retired eight of the first nine batters , walking Jose Bautista in the first . Travis Snider hit a leadoff homer to right in the third , his 12th	False
Sabathia responded to Snider 's blast by setting down 11 straight batters and 16 of the next 17 . New York opened the scoring in the first	True
Sabathia responded to Snider 's blast by setting down 11 straight batters and 16 of the next 17 . New York opened the scoring in the first when Jeter singled , took second	False
Sabathia responded to Snider 's blast by setting down 11 straight batters and 16 of the next 17 . New York opened the scoring in the first when Jeter singled , took second on a wild pitch , went to third	False
New York opened the scoring in the first when Jeter singled , took second on a wild pitch , went to third on Teixeira 's single and scored on a sacrifice fly by Rodriguez . The Yankees doubled their lead with some more small ball in the third	True
New York opened the scoring in the first when Jeter singled , took second on a wild pitch , went to third on Teixeira 's single and scored on a sacrifice fly by Rodriguez . The Yankees doubled their lead with some more small ball in the third against Blue Jays rookie Kyle Drabek . Jeter drew a leadoff walk , again took second	False
New York opened the scoring in the first when Jeter singled , took second on a wild pitch , went to third on Teixeira 's single and scored on a sacrifice fly by Rodriguez . The Yankees doubled their lead with some more small ball in the third against Blue Jays rookie Kyle Drabek . Jeter drew a leadoff walk , again took second on a wild pitch , moved to third	False
Making his third career start , Drabek ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . New York added to its lead in the fifth	True
Making his third career start , Drabek ( 0 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . He walked one and struck out four . New York added to its lead in the fifth when Brett Gardner tripled to left-center and slid home ahead of the tag from catcher John Buck on Jeter 's grounder to third	False
New York added to its lead in the fifth when Brett Gardner tripled to left-center and slid home ahead of the tag from catcher John Buck on Jeter 's grounder to third . Edwin Encarnacion 's throw beat Gardner , who got his right leg around Buck to score . Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston came out to argue the play with plate umpire Mark Carlson and was later ejected when he argued another call in the sixth	True
Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston came out to argue the play with plate umpire Mark Carlson and was later ejected when he argued another call in the sixth . Gaston returned after Carlson called Blue Jays designated hitter J. P. Arencibia out for running outside the baseline on a grounder to first	False
The crowd of 18,193 stood and chanted `` Cito ! Cito ! '' as Gaston , who is set to retire at season 's end , walked off the field . The Yankees got two more runs in the eighth	True
The Yankees got two more runs in the eighth . Jeter scored when Rodriguez drew a bases-loaded walk from Josh Roenicke , and Robinson Cano followed with a sacrifice fly off David Purcey . Greg Golson capped it in the ninth	False
San Francisco 's players and coaches could hear the crowd cheering on the Cubs . Uribe hit a tying solo drive leading off the fourth	True
Uribe hit a tying solo drive leading off the fourth . He also had 23 homers in 2004 with the White Sox . Sanchez ( 12 - 9 ) struck out six in six innings to reach 200 K 's in a season for the first time in his career . Sanchez retired Chris Young on a called third strike to start the sixth	True
Pinch-hitter Nate Schierholtz hit a go-ahead single in the sixth inning for San Francisco after the double by Sandoval , whose two hits were a good sign for the Giants considering his recent struggles . Mike Fontenot added an RBI single in the third right after Andres Torres ' leadoff triple . Pat Burrell singled in a run in the seventh	True
Sanchez has been San Francisco 's most reliable starter of late , going 3 - 1 with a 1.16 ERA over his past six starts . He allowed three hits and two runs and walked four Tuesday . The lefty ran into trouble in the second	True
Giants manager Bruce Bochy had a reliever warming up in the bullpen just in case . But Sanchez settled down and found his groove . Kelly Johnson homered in the third	True
When Johnson 's one - out single in the eighth put runners on the corners for Arizona , Bochy turned to closer Brian Wilson . The All-Star right-hander retired the final five batters for his majors-leading 46th save in 51 chances -- and his sixth	False
Zambrano won his seventh straight decision since rejoining Chicago 's rotation , combining with two relievers on a four - hitter , and the Cubs held on to beat San Diego 1 - 0 on Monday night to knock the Padres out of the NL wild-card lead . The Padres , who loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
The big right-hander is 7 - 0 with a 1.27 ERA in 10 starts since returning to the rotation on Aug. 9 . Following a June 25 dugout blowup , Zambrano was banished to the restricted list . He underwent anger management therapy , then made three relief appearances before getting his starting job back . Carlos Marmol pitched an eventful ninth	True
The big right-hander is 7 - 0 with a 1.27 ERA in 10 starts since returning to the rotation on Aug. 9 . Following a June 25 dugout blowup , Zambrano was banished to the restricted list . He underwent anger management therapy , then made three relief appearances before getting his starting job back . Carlos Marmol pitched an eventful ninth for his 35th save in 40 chances . He struck out the first two batters before Yorvit Torrealba reached on an infield single , sliding headfirst into the bag . Everth Cabrera pinch-ran for Torrealba and stole second	False
Stauffer ( 5 - 5 ) held the Cubs to three hits through six innings before Chicago broke through . Alfonso Soriano doubled to left and scored on Blake DeWitt 's single to center . DeWitt and Marlon Byrd each had three hits . The Padres threatened in the seventh	True
Padres shortstop Miguel Tejada and second baseman Eckstein made several nice plays , as did Cubs first baseman Xavier Nady . The Padres had runners on first	False
Padres shortstop Miguel Tejada and second baseman Eckstein made several nice plays , as did Cubs first baseman Xavier Nady . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
Padres shortstop Miguel Tejada and second baseman Eckstein made several nice plays , as did Cubs first baseman Xavier Nady . The Padres had runners on first and second and two outs in the first	True
Padres shortstop Miguel Tejada and second baseman Eckstein made several nice plays , as did Cubs first baseman Xavier Nady . The Padres had runners on first and second and two outs in the first when Nady fielded Stairs ' hard grounder and stepped on the bag to end the threat . Nady made another big play in the second	True
The Padres had runners on first and second and two outs in the first when Nady fielded Stairs ' hard grounder and stepped on the bag to end the threat . Nady made another big play in the second . After Torrealba drew a leadoff walk , Nady leaped to catch Headley 's line drive and doubled off Torrealba . With runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second and two outs in the first when Nady fielded Stairs ' hard grounder and stepped on the bag to end the threat . Nady made another big play in the second . After Torrealba drew a leadoff walk , Nady leaped to catch Headley 's line drive and doubled off Torrealba . With runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second and two outs in the first when Nady fielded Stairs ' hard grounder and stepped on the bag to end the threat . Nady made another big play in the second . After Torrealba drew a leadoff walk , Nady leaped to catch Headley 's line drive and doubled off Torrealba . With runners on first and second in the top of the fifth	True
The Padres had runners on first and second and two outs in the first when Nady fielded Stairs ' hard grounder and stepped on the bag to end the threat . Nady made another big play in the second . After Torrealba drew a leadoff walk , Nady leaped to catch Headley 's line drive and doubled off Torrealba . With runners on first and second in the top of the fifth , Eckstein made a diving stop of Kosuke Fukudome 's grounder and flipped it to Tejada to force Zambrano at second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second and two outs in the first when Nady fielded Stairs ' hard grounder and stepped on the bag to end the threat . Nady made another big play in the second . After Torrealba drew a leadoff walk , Nady leaped to catch Headley 's line drive and doubled off Torrealba . With runners on first and second in the top of the fifth , Eckstein made a diving stop of Kosuke Fukudome 's grounder and flipped it to Tejada to force Zambrano at second for the third	False
With runners on first and second in the top of the fifth , Eckstein made a diving stop of Kosuke Fukudome 's grounder and flipped it to Tejada to force Zambrano at second for the third out . In the sixth	True
Entering Monday night 's start , the Mariners had scored only 18 runs this season in Pauley 's first 13 starts . This time , his teammates provided him with six runs . Brandon League pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brandon League pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in 11 chances . Smoak , traded to the Mariners by the Rangers on July 9 in the deal that sent left-hander Cliff Lee to Texas , hit a towering three - run shot to left in the fifth	True
Rangers manager Ron Washington said he was n't surprised at Smoak 's production . Smoak was one of Texas ' top prospects , but to get Lee , the Rangers had to part with some of their best young talent . Nelson Cruz 's three - run homer in the seventh	True
Nelson Cruz 's three - run homer in the seventh off Anthony Varvaro pulled the Rangers within 6 - 5 . But Seattle loaded the bases in the eighth	True
Nelson Cruz 's three - run homer in the seventh off Anthony Varvaro pulled the Rangers within 6 - 5 . But Seattle loaded the bases in the eighth and Franklin Gutierrez raced home from third	False
Next on the Rangers ' agenda : determine the makeup of their playoff roster . Seattle took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Tampa Bay will send 18-game David Price to the mound Tuesday night , however manager Joe Maddon is n't taking anything for granted . Markakis had an RBI triple off Wade Davis ( 13 - 9 ) in the fifth inning . The Orioles scored three times in the seventh	True
Markakis had an RBI triple off Wade Davis ( 13 - 9 ) in the fifth inning . The Orioles scored three times in the seventh , with Markakis and Luke Scott delivering run-scoring singles and Ty Wigginton adding a sacrifice fly . The loss was the first	False
The loss was the first for Davis since June 27 , ending a seven - game winning streak that matched the longest in Tampa Bay history . Johnson pitched a perfect eighth	True
The loss was the first for Davis since June 27 , ending a seven - game winning streak that matched the longest in Tampa Bay history . Johnson pitched a perfect eighth for the Orioles . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth	True
Showalter said before the game that the plunkings were not intentional . The Rays loaded the bases on two infield singles and a walk in the fifth	True
Showalter said before the game that the plunkings were not intentional . The Rays loaded the bases on two infield singles and a walk in the fifth , but Matusz escaped when Jason Bartlett grounded into a force play to end the inning . The left-hander also worked out of a jam in the first	True
The Padres lost to Cincinnati 12 - 2 later Sunday , and their game was on Cox 's television in the visiting manager 's office as he spoke about his team 's prospects heading into a six - game homestand against Florida and Philadelphia . The Braves put two runners on base with fewer than two outs three times in the first six innings and failed to score each time . Rick Ankiel was the only Atlanta batter to produce runs , leading off the fifth	True
The Padres lost to Cincinnati 12 - 2 later Sunday , and their game was on Cox 's television in the visiting manager 's office as he spoke about his team 's prospects heading into a six - game homestand against Florida and Philadelphia . The Braves put two runners on base with fewer than two outs three times in the first six innings and failed to score each time . Rick Ankiel was the only Atlanta batter to produce runs , leading off the fifth with a home run and a doubling home Melky Cabrera with no out to make it 2-all in the seventh	True
The Padres lost to Cincinnati 12 - 2 later Sunday , and their game was on Cox 's television in the visiting manager 's office as he spoke about his team 's prospects heading into a six - game homestand against Florida and Philadelphia . The Braves put two runners on base with fewer than two outs three times in the first six innings and failed to score each time . Rick Ankiel was the only Atlanta batter to produce runs , leading off the fifth with a home run and a doubling home Melky Cabrera with no out to make it 2-all in the seventh . Ankiel never budged from second	False
Brandon Beachy , making his second career start , struck out nine over five innings to keep the Braves in the game . But the right-hander , who is playing a major role in a critical part of the season because Jair Jurrjens has a sore right knee , also walked three batters -- and two of them scored . Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) was even more off course , walking two of the four batters he faced . He entered in the seventh	True
Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) was even more off course , walking two of the four batters he faced . He entered in the seventh and got a pair of quick outs before walking Willie Harris and Danny Espinosa . Farnsworth was relieved by Jonny Venters , who promptly threw four straight balls to Nyjer Morgan to load the bases . Ian Desmond then singled to center , scoring the two runs that put the Nationals ahead for good . Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth	True
Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) was even more off course , walking two of the four batters he faced . He entered in the seventh and got a pair of quick outs before walking Willie Harris and Danny Espinosa . Farnsworth was relieved by Jonny Venters , who promptly threw four straight balls to Nyjer Morgan to load the bases . Ian Desmond then singled to center , scoring the two runs that put the Nationals ahead for good . Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his fifth save . It was Burnett 's first victory since Aug. 2 of last year , even though his ERA this year is a more-than-solid 2.26 . The Braves had their chances against Hernandez early on . They had runners on first	False
Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his fifth save . It was Burnett 's first victory since Aug. 2 of last year , even though his ERA this year is a more-than-solid 2.26 . The Braves had their chances against Hernandez early on . They had runners on first and third	False
Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his fifth save . It was Burnett 's first victory since Aug. 2 of last year , even though his ERA this year is a more-than-solid 2.26 . The Braves had their chances against Hernandez early on . They had runners on first and third in the first	True
Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his fifth save . It was Burnett 's first victory since Aug. 2 of last year , even though his ERA this year is a more-than-solid 2.26 . The Braves had their chances against Hernandez early on . They had runners on first and third in the first when McCann hit a hard liner right at first baseman Adam Dunn , who stepped on the bag for the double play . There were men on second	False
Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his fifth save . It was Burnett 's first victory since Aug. 2 of last year , even though his ERA this year is a more-than-solid 2.26 . The Braves had their chances against Hernandez early on . They had runners on first and third in the first when McCann hit a hard liner right at first baseman Adam Dunn , who stepped on the bag for the double play . There were men on second and third	False
Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his fifth save . It was Burnett 's first victory since Aug. 2 of last year , even though his ERA this year is a more-than-solid 2.26 . The Braves had their chances against Hernandez early on . They had runners on first and third in the first when McCann hit a hard liner right at first baseman Adam Dunn , who stepped on the bag for the double play . There were men on second and third in the fourth	True
Nationals reliever Sean Burnett ( 1 - 7 ) finally got a win by retiring six straight batters . He rescued starter Livan Hernandez from the seventh-inning jam and also worked the eighth before giving way to Drew Storen , who worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his fifth save . It was Burnett 's first victory since Aug. 2 of last year , even though his ERA this year is a more-than-solid 2.26 . The Braves had their chances against Hernandez early on . They had runners on first and third in the first when McCann hit a hard liner right at first baseman Adam Dunn , who stepped on the bag for the double play . There were men on second and third in the fourth , but Alex Gonzalez popped up and Cabrera lined out to left . Gonzalez also hit into a double play to end the sixth	True
There 's a chance San Diego and Cincinnati could meet again in the playoffs . Denorfia 's hard grounder off Chapman ( 1 - 2 ) went down the line , skipping past the glove of third baseman Scott Rolen and scoring Chase Headley from first	False
`` He 's old , '' Rolen countered . `` I was in the right position , the right spot . I need to knock the ball down . I needed to come up with something . I just did n't make the play . Heath Bell ( 6 - 0 ) pitched the ninth	True
Heath Bell ( 6 - 0 ) pitched the ninth for the win . Miguel Tejada , who hit a go-ahead , two - run single in Friday night 's win , hurt his groin while batting in the eighth	True
Black said the team will know more in 24 hours , but Tejada said he expects to play in the series finale Sunday afternoon . The Reds left the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Black said the team will know more in 24 hours , but Tejada said he expects to play in the series finale Sunday afternoon . The Reds left the bases loaded in the fourth , when Garland got Orlando Cabrera to ground out , and in the eighth	True
Reds star Joey Votto returned from a sinus infection that cost him three starts and hit his 36th homer , plus an RBI single . Cincinnati starter Travis Wood doubled and had a run-scoring infield hit . Drew Stubbs opened the game with a single to left off Garland , stole second	False
Drew Stubbs opened the game with a single to left off Garland , stole second and scored on Votto 's single to right . San Diego pushed across two runs in the second	True
Drew Stubbs opened the game with a single to left off Garland , stole second and scored on Votto 's single to right . San Diego pushed across two runs in the second and another in the third	False
Drew Stubbs opened the game with a single to left off Garland , stole second and scored on Votto 's single to right . San Diego pushed across two runs in the second and another in the third to take a 3 - 1 lead . Headley had an RBI single , Nick Hundley added a sacrifice fly and Venable led off the third	True
San Diego pushed across two runs in the second and another in the third to take a 3 - 1 lead . Headley had an RBI single , Nick Hundley added a sacrifice fly and Venable led off the third with his 13th homer . The Reds got those runs back during the next two innings . Wood had an RBI infield single in the fourth	False
San Diego pushed across two runs in the second and another in the third to take a 3 - 1 lead . Headley had an RBI single , Nick Hundley added a sacrifice fly and Venable led off the third with his 13th homer . The Reds got those runs back during the next two innings . Wood had an RBI infield single in the fourth and Votto homered to right on Garland 's first pitch of the fifth	True
Especially with four more games against the Yankees . Lester ( 19 - 9 ) became the first Boston left-hander in 57 years to win 19 games , overpowering New York in the late-afternoon shadows before Francisco Cervelli singled off the glove of diving rookie Daniel Nava in left field with one out in the sixth	True
Lester allowed two hits in seven shutout innings with eight strikeouts and three walks . He won his sixth straight start , extended his scoreless innings streak to 15 and lowered his ERA to 2.96 . The only other Red Sox left-handers with 19 wins were Jesse Tannehill ( 1904 - 05 ) , Ray Collins ( 1913 - 14 ) , Dutch Leonard ( 1914 ) , Babe Ruth ( 1916 - 17 ) , Lefty Grove ( 1935 ) and Mel Parnell ( 1949 and 1953 ) . While the Red Sox are spurting with eight wins in 12 games , the Yankees are sputtering . New York dropped out of first	False
Getting outscored 34 - 16 during the skid , the veteran-stocked Yankees are 10 - 13 in September- hitting just .256 with a 4.66 ERA . They appear to be tired , and their magic number remained at three , making it impossible to clinch a playoff berth at home . Lester pitched a no-hitter against Kansas City at Fenway Park on May 19 , 2008 . Trying to join Cy Young ( 1904 and 1908 ) and Dutch Leonard ( 1916 and 1918 ) as the only Red Sox to pitch a pair of no-hitters , Lester walked Austin Kearns starting the sixth	True
Lester pitched a no-hitter against Kansas City at Fenway Park on May 19 , 2008 . Trying to join Cy Young ( 1904 and 1908 ) and Dutch Leonard ( 1916 and 1918 ) as the only Red Sox to pitch a pair of no-hitters , Lester walked Austin Kearns starting the sixth , and Curtis Granderson 's groundout advanced the runner . Cervelli then lined a ball to left , and Nava sprinted in . The ball hit off the heel of his glove , bounced off his chest and rolled onto the field for a hit . Thinking the ball might be caught , Kearns held at second	False
While the Yankees ' CC Sabathia ( 20 - 7 ) and Seattle 's Felix Hernandez ( 2.31 ERA ) are the top AL Cy Young Award contenders , Lester could get consideration . After rookie Ivan Nova ( 1 - 1 ) was knocked out early , J. D. Drew and Victor Martinez hit consecutive home runs in the seventh	True
After rookie Ivan Nova ( 1 - 1 ) was knocked out early , J. D. Drew and Victor Martinez hit consecutive home runs in the seventh against Chad Gaudin , bringing loud boos from a sellout crowd . Granderson hit a two - run homer off reliever Daniel Bard in the eighth	True
Granderson hit a two - run homer off reliever Daniel Bard in the eighth , Granderson 's sixth homer in 10 games . Hideki Okajima completed the four - hitter , allowing Rodriguez 's 28th homer of the season and 611th overall . Nova gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in 4 1/3 innings . Boston took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
Granderson hit a two - run homer off reliever Daniel Bard in the eighth , Granderson 's sixth homer in 10 games . Hideki Okajima completed the four - hitter , allowing Rodriguez 's 28th homer of the season and 611th overall . Nova gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in 4 1/3 innings . Boston took a 3 - 0 lead in the third when Marco Scutaro and David Ortiz had RBI singles around Drew 's run-scoring , double-play grounder . Ortiz greeted Royce Ring with a run-scoring single in the fifth	True
The reigning AL Cy Young Award winner was 5 - 0 with a 2.73 ERA in his previous nine starts against Cleveland , including a 2 - 0 record with a 3.15 ERA in three outings this season . Greinke retired six of the first seven hitters Saturday night , including four strikeouts , but the Indians pushed across three runs in the third	True
The reigning AL Cy Young Award winner was 5 - 0 with a 2.73 ERA in his previous nine starts against Cleveland , including a 2 - 0 record with a 3.15 ERA in three outings this season . Greinke retired six of the first seven hitters Saturday night , including four strikeouts , but the Indians pushed across three runs in the third and four in the fourth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera , Luis Valbuena and Jordan Brown had two hits apiece for Cleveland . Jeanmar Gomez ( 4 - 5 ) pitched five solid innings to win for the first time beating Baltimore on Aug. 12 . Valbuena hit a leadoff double in the third	True
Asdrubal Cabrera , Luis Valbuena and Jordan Brown had two hits apiece for Cleveland . Jeanmar Gomez ( 4 - 5 ) pitched five solid innings to win for the first time beating Baltimore on Aug. 12 . Valbuena hit a leadoff double in the third and scored on Luke Carlin 's single to center . Following a groundout , Cabrera 's single up the middle scored Carlin . Cabrera stole second	False
Valbuena hit a leadoff double in the third and scored on Luke Carlin 's single to center . Following a groundout , Cabrera 's single up the middle scored Carlin . Cabrera stole second and scored on Choo 's double to left-center , snapping an 0 - for - 9 skid against Greinke this season . Matt LaPorta hit an RBI double and scored on a wild pitch in the fourth	True
Gomez allowed one run and six hits as the Indians moved into fourth place in the division , a half-game ahead of the Royals . Kansas City 's only run came on Brayan Pena 's RBI single in the third	True
Hudson ( 8 - 2 ) allowed two runs and two hits in 8 2/3 innings , narrowly missing his first career complete game . The 23-year-old right-hander improved to 7 - 1 with a 1.69 ERA in 11 starts since he was acquired in a trade with the Chicago White Sox on July 30 . With one out and a runner on second	False
Hudson ( 8 - 2 ) allowed two runs and two hits in 8 2/3 innings , narrowly missing his first career complete game . The 23-year-old right-hander improved to 7 - 1 with a 1.69 ERA in 11 starts since he was acquired in a trade with the Chicago White Sox on July 30 . With one out and a runner on second in the sixth	True
Ely yielded four runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings for Los Angeles , which has lost seven of 10 . He was 1 - 0 with a 1.38 ERA in two previous starts against Arizona this season . Hudson retired the first nine men he faced and set down eight in a row over another stretch . But Ryan Theriot reached on a two - out single in the ninth	True
Mike Hampton entered and yielded James Loney 's RBI single before Juan Gutierrez struck out Russell Mitchell for his 13th save . The Dodgers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Mike Hampton entered and yielded James Loney 's RBI single before Juan Gutierrez struck out Russell Mitchell for his 13th save . The Dodgers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Trent Oeltjen , starting in place of Matt Kemp , reached on a leadoff double for Los Angeles ' first hit off Hudson . He moved up on Theriot 's sacrifice and scored on Ethier 's grounder to third	False
The Dodgers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth . Trent Oeltjen , starting in place of Matt Kemp , reached on a leadoff double for Los Angeles ' first hit off Hudson . He moved up on Theriot 's sacrifice and scored on Ethier 's grounder to third . Arizona tied it in the fifth	False
Arizona tied it in the fifth . Stephen Drew matched his career high with his 12th triple of the season and scored on Tony Abreu 's lineout to left . Kemp hit for reliever Jon Link in the ninth	True
Kemp hit for reliever Jon Link in the ninth , keeping his major league-best consecutive games streak alive at 197 , and grounded out . First baseman John Lindsey , who was called up Sept. 6 after spending 16 years in the minor leagues , broke his left hand after being hit by Hudson in the seventh	True
Tejada had three RBIs for the Padres , who took a half-game lead over Atlanta in the wild-card race and remained a half-game behind the San Francisco Giants in the NL West . Cincinnati still needs a combination of three wins or three St. Louis Cardinals losses to clinch its first playoff berth since 1995 . Joey Votto missed his third straight start due to a sinus infection . He struck out in the ninth	True
After Tejada 's hit , rookie Aroldis Chapman came on and struck out Adrian Gonzalez on fastballs clocked at 101 , 102 and 103 mph to end the inning . All 25 of Chapman 's pitches were 100 mph or faster , topping out at 105 mph . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 7 ) retired four batters for the win . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Young got his second straight no-decision in his return from a strained shoulder that kept him out from April 12 until last Saturday . He allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out one and walked three . Young allowed Drew Stubbs ' homer off the facade of the second deck in left field with one out in the second	True
Young allowed Drew Stubbs ' homer off the facade of the second deck in left field with one out in the second to give the Reds a 1 - 0 lead . It was his 21st . Arroyo retired the first nine Padres batters before Venable singled up the middle leading off the fourth	True
Young allowed Drew Stubbs ' homer off the facade of the second deck in left field with one out in the second to give the Reds a 1 - 0 lead . It was his 21st . Arroyo retired the first nine Padres batters before Venable singled up the middle leading off the fourth . He stole second	False
Arroyo retired the first nine Padres batters before Venable singled up the middle leading off the fourth . He stole second and scored on Tejada 's single to left to tie it at 1 . The Padres went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth	False
The Padres went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth when Matt Stairs hit a leadoff single and eventually scored on a sacrifice fly by Mike Baxter , who was pinch hitting for Young . That lead did n't last long , though , as the Reds scored two unearned runs in the sixth	True
A 19th-round draft pick who began the season in the bullpen at Triple-A Columbus , Tomlin pitched a four - hitter for his first career complete game , helping Cleveland avoid a 100-loss season and move a step closer to escaping the AL Central 's basement by beating the Kansas City Royals 7 - 3 on Friday night . Tomlin ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs , struck out a season-high six and walked two . The Royals did little against him for 8 2/3 innings , flailing at his cut fastball and getting just one run and three hits before Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
But he 's shown signs of improvement , and although he was n't on the radar when the season opened , Tomlin 's closing it in the Indians ' rotation with a chance to stay there for some time . Choo , the AL 's top player last week , continued to clobber Kansas City pitching . This season , he 's batting .350 with 18 RBIs in 16 games against the Royals . He reached base all five times and showed off his speed by tagging and taking third	False
But he 's shown signs of improvement , and although he was n't on the radar when the season opened , Tomlin 's closing it in the Indians ' rotation with a chance to stay there for some time . Choo , the AL 's top player last week , continued to clobber Kansas City pitching . This season , he 's batting .350 with 18 RBIs in 16 games against the Royals . He reached base all five times and showed off his speed by tagging and taking third on a fly ball to short center in the fifth	True
But he 's shown signs of improvement , and although he was n't on the radar when the season opened , Tomlin 's closing it in the Indians ' rotation with a chance to stay there for some time . Choo , the AL 's top player last week , continued to clobber Kansas City pitching . This season , he 's batting .350 with 18 RBIs in 16 games against the Royals . He reached base all five times and showed off his speed by tagging and taking third on a fly ball to short center in the fifth and stealing second	False
But he 's shown signs of improvement , and although he was n't on the radar when the season opened , Tomlin 's closing it in the Indians ' rotation with a chance to stay there for some time . Choo , the AL 's top player last week , continued to clobber Kansas City pitching . This season , he 's batting .350 with 18 RBIs in 16 games against the Royals . He reached base all five times and showed off his speed by tagging and taking third on a fly ball to short center in the fifth and stealing second in the seventh	True
Choo is batting .647 ( 11 for 17 ) with three doubles , three homers and eight RBIs in his career against Hochevar , who has given up trying to get the outfielder out . Nix homered in the second	True
Choo is batting .647 ( 11 for 17 ) with three doubles , three homers and eight RBIs in his career against Hochevar , who has given up trying to get the outfielder out . Nix homered in the second and again in the eighth	True
Nix homered in the second and again in the eighth to make it 6 - 1 . Tomlin , who lasted just five innings in a loss last week at Kansas City , did n't allow the Royals a hit through the first three innings . But Mike Aviles opened the fourth	True
Nix homered in the second and again in the eighth to make it 6 - 1 . Tomlin , who lasted just five innings in a loss last week at Kansas City , did n't allow the Royals a hit through the first three innings . But Mike Aviles opened the fourth with a double , moved to third	False
Tomlin , who lasted just five innings in a loss last week at Kansas City , did n't allow the Royals a hit through the first three innings . But Mike Aviles opened the fourth with a double , moved to third on a fly ball and scored on Betemit 's fly to deep left to make it 3 - 1 . That was all Kansas City could muster until the ninth	True
PHOENIX -- Sitting in front of his locker , Carlos Gonzalez grabbed his pants off the floor and heaved them into the bin of dirty clothes . He hesitated for a second	False
Gonzalez hit his first slam off Blaine Boyer to cut the lead to 8 - 6 in the seventh inning , before Stephen Drew hit a solo homer in the bottom half and Chris Young added another to put Arizona back up by four . Diamondbacks reliever Aaron Heilman opened the door in the ninth	True
Diamondbacks reliever Aaron Heilman opened the door in the ninth by walking the first two batters , and Gonzalez followed with a two - run single off Juan Gutierrez . Troy Tulowitzki , who was 2 - for - 12 in the series after a huge start to September , curled a potential homer just foul before knocking in a run with a groundout that made it 10 - 9 . Gutierrez followed by walking pinch-hitter Jason Giambi , giving Colorado runners on first	False
Diamondbacks reliever Aaron Heilman opened the door in the ninth by walking the first two batters , and Gonzalez followed with a two - run single off Juan Gutierrez . Troy Tulowitzki , who was 2 - for - 12 in the series after a huge start to September , curled a potential homer just foul before knocking in a run with a groundout that made it 10 - 9 . Gutierrez followed by walking pinch-hitter Jason Giambi , giving Colorado runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks just had too much offense . Drew hit a two - run triple off Emil Rogers in Arizona 's four - run fifth	True
The Diamondbacks just had too much offense . Drew hit a two - run triple off Emil Rogers in Arizona 's four - run fifth and a solo homer against Joe Beimel in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks just had too much offense . Drew hit a two - run triple off Emil Rogers in Arizona 's four - run fifth and a solo homer against Joe Beimel in the seventh to finish with four RBIs . Kelly Johnson hit his second two - run homer in as many games off Francis in the third	True
The Diamondbacks just had too much offense . Drew hit a two - run triple off Emil Rogers in Arizona 's four - run fifth and a solo homer against Joe Beimel in the seventh to finish with four RBIs . Kelly Johnson hit his second two - run homer in as many games off Francis in the third . Young hit his 26th homer off Octavio Dotel in the eighth	False
Neither could Francis . The left-hander threw plenty of pitches in the first two innings and one bad one in the third	True
The left-hander threw plenty of pitches in the first two innings and one bad one in the third to Johnson , who hit it off the wall behind the concourse in center field for a two - run shot that put the Diamondbacks up 2 - 1 . Drew added a run-scoring single in the fourth	True
Kennedy was n't exactly efficient . The right-hander struggled with control -- 63 pitches through the first three innings -- and repeatedly stepped off the mound , unable to agree with catcher John Hester on what to throw . Kennedy lasted just four innings , giving up a run on Ryan Spilborghs ' RBI single in the third	True
Bonser missed all of last season following labrum and rotator cuff surgery . He appeared in two games with the Red Sox before he was designated for assignment . Kurt Suzuki had three hits and two RBIs as the A 's won their third	False
Chicago is on the brink of being eliminated from the American League Central race . The White Sox fell 11 games behind the first-place Minnesota Twins , who can clinch their second consecutive division title Tuesday night with a win over Cleveland and a Chicago loss in Oakland . A 's starter Gio Gonzalez allowed four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four . Bonser ( 1 - 0 ) tossed a perfect seventh	True
A 's starter Gio Gonzalez allowed four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four . Bonser ( 1 - 0 ) tossed a perfect seventh for his first major league win since June 4 , 2008 , with Minnesota against Baltimore . Michael Wuertz worked the eighth	True
Tony Pena pitched six shutout innings in relief , allowing six hits . He walked two and struck out two . Scott Linebrink ( 3 - 2 ) allowed all three runs -- one earned -- in the seventh	True
Carter 's single leading off the seventh sparked the decisive rally . Carter was hitless in his first 33 at-bats , the longest streak to start a career by a non-pitcher since Texas ' Vic Harris began 0 - for - 36 in 1972 . Linebrink 's throwing error on Cliff Pennington 's bunt put runners on first	False
Carter 's single leading off the seventh sparked the decisive rally . Carter was hitless in his first 33 at-bats , the longest streak to start a career by a non-pitcher since Texas ' Vic Harris began 0 - for - 36 in 1972 . Linebrink 's throwing error on Cliff Pennington 's bunt put runners on first and second	False
Linebrink 's throwing error on Cliff Pennington 's bunt put runners on first and second , and Rajai Davis beat out a bunt to load the bases . Barton 's groundout allowed pinch-runner Greg Gross to score , and one out later Suzuki added a two - run single . Chicago had runners on second	False
Linebrink 's throwing error on Cliff Pennington 's bunt put runners on first and second , and Rajai Davis beat out a bunt to load the bases . Barton 's groundout allowed pinch-runner Greg Gross to score , and one out later Suzuki added a two - run single . Chicago had runners on second and third	False
Linebrink 's throwing error on Cliff Pennington 's bunt put runners on first and second , and Rajai Davis beat out a bunt to load the bases . Barton 's groundout allowed pinch-runner Greg Gross to score , and one out later Suzuki added a two - run single . Chicago had runners on second and third with one out in the second	True
Linebrink 's throwing error on Cliff Pennington 's bunt put runners on first and second , and Rajai Davis beat out a bunt to load the bases . Barton 's groundout allowed pinch-runner Greg Gross to score , and one out later Suzuki added a two - run single . Chicago had runners on second and third with one out in the second but failed to score , and Gonzalez walked the bases loaded with two outs in the fourth	True
Lowe gave up four hits , benefited from three double plays behind him and also legged out a double . Rookie Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Alex Gonzalez contributed a pair of two - out RBI singles for the Braves . It was 2-all when Cabrera pinch-hit for Lowe and blooped a leadoff single in the seventh	True
It was 2-all when Cabrera pinch-hit for Lowe and blooped a leadoff single in the seventh against R. A. Dickey ( 11 - 7 ) . Infante singled and Jason Heyward , after showing bunt against lefty reliever Pedro Feliciano , swung away and hit a little grounder that moved up the runners just the same . An intentional walk to Prado loaded the bases , McCann hit a soft liner for the second	False
An intentional walk to Prado loaded the bases , McCann hit a soft liner for the second out and Manuel summoned Acosta . The righty 's first three pitches were balls and Lee fouled off a 3 - 2 fastball before connecting on a 94 mph heater for his 18th home run overall . Coming off a career-high 12 strikeouts against Washington in his last outing , Lowe looked more like his sinkerballing self . He retired eight straight batters on grounders in the early innings , and did n't fan anyone until getting rookie Lucas Duda to open the fifth	True
Dickey did n't exactly fool anyone , even with his knuckleball . He did n't have a strikeout and never retired more than three hitters in a row . Wright hit his team-leading 24th home run in the first	True
Walker hit a two - run homer in Pittsburgh 's three - run eighth inning and the Pirates beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep . Andrew McCutchen hit a leadoff drive in the first	True
`` We know we 're not going to make the playoffs but situations like these can bring teams closer together . '' Joel Hanrahan ( 4 - 1 ) struck out both batters he faced in the eighth	True
`` We know we 're not going to make the playoffs but situations like these can bring teams closer together . '' Joel Hanrahan ( 4 - 1 ) struck out both batters he faced in the eighth , and Evan Meek worked a perfect ninth	True
McCutchen hit Hudson 's first pitch over the wall in straightaway center but that was it for the Pirates against the right-hander , who allowed three hits in 6 1/3 innings . Adam LaRoche and John Hester had RBI doubles in the fourth	True
McCutchen hit Hudson 's first pitch over the wall in straightaway center but that was it for the Pirates against the right-hander , who allowed three hits in 6 1/3 innings . Adam LaRoche and John Hester had RBI doubles in the fourth , giving Arizona the lead , and Roberts went deep with one out in the eighth	True
Pitching perhaps to keep his turn in the rotation -- and , in a larger sense , for a shot at a 2011 roster spot with the Pirates -- Duke had his best outing in five starts . Duke was tagged for 11 earned runs in 4 1/3 innings over his previous two starts , but he allowed six hits and a walk in this one . McCutchen 's drive was his 16th of the season and third	False
MINNEAPOLIS -- Facing Joe Mauer in the first inning of his second career start , Bobby Cramer braced himself when the reigning AL MVP sent a liner back up the middle . The ball hit Cramer 's right leg , and he hurriedly picked it up and threw Mauer out at first	False
Cramer earned his second consecutive win and Mark Ellis had three hits , helping the Athletics beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 2 on Sunday . Besides the game , the AL Central-leading Twins also lost Mauer to a balky left knee . Mauer tweaked the knee while swinging when he grounded out in the sixth	True
Cramer earned his second consecutive win and Mark Ellis had three hits , helping the Athletics beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 2 on Sunday . Besides the game , the AL Central-leading Twins also lost Mauer to a balky left knee . Mauer tweaked the knee while swinging when he grounded out in the sixth and was replaced defensively by Jose Morales in the seventh	True
Besides the game , the AL Central-leading Twins also lost Mauer to a balky left knee . Mauer tweaked the knee while swinging when he grounded out in the sixth and was replaced defensively by Jose Morales in the seventh . Cramer ( 2 - 0 ) faced a much tougher lineup than he did in his big league debut last week at Kansas City . He was working on a three - hitter before Michael Cuddyer and Jim Thome went deep in the sixth	True
Ellis and Akinori Iwamura each scored twice and drove in a pair of runs against Francisco Liriano ( 14 - 8 ) , who lost for the first time since July 9 at Detroit . The lefty is 8 - 1 with a 2.84 ERA in his last 12 starts . Iwamura hit a two - run single in Oakland 's three - run first	True
Ellis and Akinori Iwamura each scored twice and drove in a pair of runs against Francisco Liriano ( 14 - 8 ) , who lost for the first time since July 9 at Detroit . The lefty is 8 - 1 with a 2.84 ERA in his last 12 starts . Iwamura hit a two - run single in Oakland 's three - run first and Ellis went deep with two out in the fifth	True
Liriano did n't get much sleep the previous night thanks to a rash , but said his long night did n't affect his performance . The A 's added an unearned run in the ninth	True
The A 's added an unearned run in the ninth after Gabe Gross ' grounder went between shortstop J. J. Hardy 's legs . Gross scored two batters later on Rajai Davis ' single . Gardenhire was ejected in the fourth	True
The A 's added an unearned run in the ninth after Gabe Gross ' grounder went between shortstop J. J. Hardy 's legs . Gross scored two batters later on Rajai Davis ' single . Gardenhire was ejected in the fourth after Thome hit into a bizarre double play . Davis appeared to drop Thome 's fly ball to center , but replays showed he made the catch before dropping the ball as he prepared to throw to second	False
The A 's added an unearned run in the ninth after Gabe Gross ' grounder went between shortstop J. J. Hardy 's legs . Gross scored two batters later on Rajai Davis ' single . Gardenhire was ejected in the fourth after Thome hit into a bizarre double play . Davis appeared to drop Thome 's fly ball to center , but replays showed he made the catch before dropping the ball as he prepared to throw to second . Delmon Young , who went to second	False
The A 's added an unearned run in the ninth after Gabe Gross ' grounder went between shortstop J. J. Hardy 's legs . Gross scored two batters later on Rajai Davis ' single . Gardenhire was ejected in the fourth after Thome hit into a bizarre double play . Davis appeared to drop Thome 's fly ball to center , but replays showed he made the catch before dropping the ball as he prepared to throw to second . Delmon Young , who went to second on the apparent drop , was subsequently called out for not tagging up at first	False
Gardenhire was ejected in the fourth after Thome hit into a bizarre double play . Davis appeared to drop Thome 's fly ball to center , but replays showed he made the catch before dropping the ball as he prepared to throw to second . Delmon Young , who went to second on the apparent drop , was subsequently called out for not tagging up at first . The manager pointed out that second-base umpire John Hirschbeck initially called Young safe at second	False
The 28-year-old right fielder , a native of South Korea , was batting just .162 ( 6 for 37 ) in his last 10 games before busting out of the rut with his sixth career multihomer game and a career-best seven RBIs . Choo was on deck when Asdrubal Cabrera grounded out to end the Cleveland ninth	True
`` He was in the zone today . Choo was a one - man wrecking crew today to do what he did . '' Lou Marson added two hits and three RBIs for Cleveland , which moved into fourth	False
Lou Marson added two hits and three RBIs for Cleveland , which moved into fourth in the division , a half-game ahead of the Royals . Mike Aviles and Billy Butler hit consecutive homers in the sixth	True
Mike Aviles and Billy Butler hit consecutive homers in the sixth for Kansas City , which has lost 10 of 14 . Butler went 4 for 4 and Aviles had three hits . Choo hit a two - run shot off Kyle Davies ( 8 - 10 ) in Cleveland 's four - run second inning and connected against Bryan Bullington in the sixth	True
Choo hit a two - run shot off Kyle Davies ( 8 - 10 ) in Cleveland 's four - run second inning and connected against Bryan Bullington in the sixth for his third career slam , making it 9 - 0 . He picked up his first three - homer game with a solo drive off rookie Greg Holland in the eighth	True
The Giants remained a half-game ahead of second-place San Diego , which lost 14 - 4 at St. Louis . San Francisco is still in sole possession of first place in the division in September for the first time since 2003 , the club 's last year in the playoffs . Prince Fielder hit an RBI single in the first	True
The Giants remained a half-game ahead of second-place San Diego , which lost 14 - 4 at St. Louis . San Francisco is still in sole possession of first place in the division in September for the first time since 2003 , the club 's last year in the playoffs . Prince Fielder hit an RBI single in the first , Carlos Gomez drove in a run on a groundout in the fifth	True
The Giants remained a half-game ahead of second-place San Diego , which lost 14 - 4 at St. Louis . San Francisco is still in sole possession of first place in the division in September for the first time since 2003 , the club 's last year in the playoffs . Prince Fielder hit an RBI single in the first , Carlos Gomez drove in a run on a groundout in the fifth and Milwaukee scored another on reliever Jeremy Affeldt 's wild throw home for a costly error in the seventh	True
Prince Fielder hit an RBI single in the first , Carlos Gomez drove in a run on a groundout in the fifth and Milwaukee scored another on reliever Jeremy Affeldt 's wild throw home for a costly error in the seventh . Wolf ( 12 - 11 ) tossed his 13th career complete game and ninth shutout . It was his first	False
Brad Bergesen pitched a seven - hitter , and the Baltimore Orioles completed a three - game sweep with a 3 - 1 victory Wednesday night . Bergesen ( 7 - 10 ) struck out three and walked none in his third career complete game , second	False
One reason for the resurgence is Bergesen , who was 3 - 9 on July 26 and has since surrendered three runs or fewer in eight of his nine starts . Bautista 's drive tied the Toronto club record set in 1987 by George Bell . It was his seventh	False
One reason for the resurgence is Bergesen , who was 3 - 9 on July 26 and has since surrendered three runs or fewer in eight of his nine starts . Bautista 's drive tied the Toronto club record set in 1987 by George Bell . It was his seventh of the season versus the Orioles , the most against any team , and second	False
In the bottom half , Drabek yielded singles to the first two batters he faced . The Orioles then pulled off a double steal before Scott hit an RBI groundout . Baltimore missed a scoring opportunity in the third	True
Baltimore missed a scoring opportunity in the third when Izturis was tagged out trying to score on a double by Brian Roberts . But the Orioles took the lead with a two - run fourth	True
Arizona beat the NL Central leaders for the first time in five games this season , taking it down to the final pitch . Hudson ( 7 - 2 ) gave up four hits and fanned eight before leaving with a 3 - 0 lead . Juan Gutierrez let the Reds load the bases in the ninth	True
Geovany Soto went 3 for 3 with an RBI single and reached base all four times up . Alfonso Soriano drove in two runs and Kosuke Fukudome had an RBI single for the Cubs . Matt Holliday drove in the Cardinals ' run with a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
The Cubs did most of their damage against rookie starter Jaime Garcia ( 13 - 8 ) , who dropped his second consecutive decision . Garcia lasted six innings and allowed four runs ( two earned ) on seven hits and a walk while striking out four . Samardzija helped himself in the second	True
The Cubs did most of their damage against rookie starter Jaime Garcia ( 13 - 8 ) , who dropped his second consecutive decision . Garcia lasted six innings and allowed four runs ( two earned ) on seven hits and a walk while striking out four . Samardzija helped himself in the second when the Cubs jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead . Aramis Ramirez led off with a double and went to third	False
In the next inning , the Cubs scored two unearned runs with the help of an error by second baseman Skip Schumaker , who could n't handle a throw from shortstop Brendan Ryan . Chicago loaded the bases with two outs and Soriano drove in two runs with a single to left . Fukudome added a run-scoring single in the eighth	True
Matt Lindstrom got the final three outs for his 23rd save in 29 opportunities . With the score tied 1 - 1 in the seventh	True
Macha was most concerned about leaving runners stranded . Bourn singled on the first pitch by Chris Narveson in the first inning . He stole second	False
Bourn has stolen 50 bases in consecutive seasons . Corey Hart hit his 28th homer on a Myers fast ball to start the fourth inning and tie the game 1 - 1 . Carlos Gomez hit a RBI single off reliever Mark Melancon in the eighth	True
San Diego comes into Coors Field for a three - game series starting Monday night . With a few more wins and some help from the Los Angeles Dodgers , who play the Giants beginning on Tuesday , the Rockies could soon move into first place . Jonathan Herrera started the winning rally when he reached on an error by second baseman Kelly Johnson . Clint Barmes struck out for the second	True
The Rockies did n't know it was gone until center fielder Chris Young stopped running . Huston Street ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Huston Street ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Arizona starter Ian Kennedy was masterful for six scoreless innings , giving up just two hits , striking out six and walking three . After allowing a two - out single to Tulowitzki in the first	True
Huston Street ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Arizona starter Ian Kennedy was masterful for six scoreless innings , giving up just two hits , striking out six and walking three . After allowing a two - out single to Tulowitzki in the first and walking Todd Helton , Kennedy retired the next 15 batters before yielding a two - out double to Carlos Gonzalez in the sixth	True
Arizona starter Ian Kennedy was masterful for six scoreless innings , giving up just two hits , striking out six and walking three . After allowing a two - out single to Tulowitzki in the first and walking Todd Helton , Kennedy retired the next 15 batters before yielding a two - out double to Carlos Gonzalez in the sixth . Kennedy also had three of the Diamondbacks ' eight hits , but his potent bat caused him to leave after throwing only 82 pitches due to a cramp in his right calf that flared up while he was running the bases in the sixth	True
Kennedy also had three of the Diamondbacks ' eight hits , but his potent bat caused him to leave after throwing only 82 pitches due to a cramp in his right calf that flared up while he was running the bases in the sixth . Still , the right-hander was in line for his sixth win in his last seven starts when , for the second straight game , the Rockies rallied . Helton drew a leadoff walk from Blaine Boyer in the seventh	True
Still , the right-hander was in line for his sixth win in his last seven starts when , for the second straight game , the Rockies rallied . Helton drew a leadoff walk from Blaine Boyer in the seventh and two outs later Miguel Olivo walked . Pinch-hitter Ryan Spilborghs hit a bloop double off the outstretched glove of shortstop Stephen Drew in shallow left field to drive in both runners and tie the score at 2 . The Diamondbacks took the lead in the third	True
Johnson walked to load the bases , Adam LaRoche followed with a sacrifice fly and Miguel Montero doubled in Young to make it 2 - 0 . Chacin loaded the bases again in the fourth	True
Chacin loaded the bases again in the fourth but got Johnson to ground out , ending the inning . Chacin gave up two unearned runs in four innings , struck out four and walked four . The Rockies had a chance to score first	False
Chacin loaded the bases again in the fourth but got Johnson to ground out , ending the inning . Chacin gave up two unearned runs in four innings , struck out four and walked four . The Rockies had a chance to score first when they loaded the bases in the first	True
Talbot won his previous start Sept. 4 for his first win in more than two months . The rookie opened the season 8 - 6 , but went 0 - 5 in 10 starts after beating the Cincinnati Reds on June 27 . Luis Valbuena , whose first-inning error led to two unearned runs , hit a two - run double in the second	True
Luis Valbuena , whose first-inning error led to two unearned runs , hit a two - run double in the second to get Cleveland to 5 - 2 . Both runs were unearned after an error by Twins shortstop Alexi Casilla , who fielded a ground ball hit by Jayson Nix and threw wildly past first base . Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
Luis Valbuena , whose first-inning error led to two unearned runs , hit a two - run double in the second to get Cleveland to 5 - 2 . Both runs were unearned after an error by Twins shortstop Alexi Casilla , who fielded a ground ball hit by Jayson Nix and threw wildly past first base . Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Slowey struck out Shin-Soo Choo and got Travis Hafner on a groundout in which second baseman Hudson ranged behind the bag and made a strong off-balance throw to first	False
Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Slowey struck out Shin-Soo Choo and got Travis Hafner on a groundout in which second baseman Hudson ranged behind the bag and made a strong off-balance throw to first for the out . Jason Kubel doubled and scored on a single up the middle by Michael Cuddyer in the sixth	True
Thome returned to the lineup after missing two games with a mild abdominal strain and was 0 for 3 with a walk until hitting his fifth homer in his last four games . He had been 5 for 6 with four homers , a double , five walks and seven RBIs in his previous three games . Matt Guerrier ( 4 - 7 ) worked out of a two - on , none - out jam in the 11th	True
Thome returned to the lineup after missing two games with a mild abdominal strain and was 0 for 3 with a walk until hitting his fifth homer in his last four games . He had been 5 for 6 with four homers , a double , five walks and seven RBIs in his previous three games . Matt Guerrier ( 4 - 7 ) worked out of a two - on , none - out jam in the 11th for the win , the Twins ' seventh	False
The Twins signed Thome over the winter , hoping the 40-year-old could help them reach the playoffs . He is batting .278 with 23 homers and 53 RBIs in 97 games , a key reason why Minnesota has a six - game lead over Chicago in the AL Central despite missing slugger Justin Morneau for two months with a concussion . Thome 's 57 homers against the Twins are second	False
Twins starter Nick Blackburn held the Indians hitless for five innings . The right-hander allowed five hits over eight innings , walking two and striking out three . Indians starter Carlos Carrasco gave up five hits over 7 1/3 innings , leaving after walking Denard Span in the eighth	True
Carrasco remained winless in three starts since being called up from Triple-A Columbus on Sept. 1 . It was his eighth start for the Indians , who got him from Philadelphia as part of the July 2009 trade for Cliff Lee . Cleveland nearly scored against Blackburn in the seventh	True
Carrasco remained winless in three starts since being called up from Triple-A Columbus on Sept. 1 . It was his eighth start for the Indians , who got him from Philadelphia as part of the July 2009 trade for Cliff Lee . Cleveland nearly scored against Blackburn in the seventh . Travis Hafner singled and went to third	False
Cleveland nearly scored against Blackburn in the seventh . Travis Hafner singled and went to third on a hit-and-run single to right by Trevor Crowe . Jason Donald then put down a safety squeeze bunt -- but was called out when plate umpire Brian Gorman ruled the ball bounced up and hit Donald in the hand for interference . Hafner , who had slid home with the apparent first run , was sent back to third	False
Cleveland nearly scored against Blackburn in the seventh . Travis Hafner singled and went to third on a hit-and-run single to right by Trevor Crowe . Jason Donald then put down a safety squeeze bunt -- but was called out when plate umpire Brian Gorman ruled the ball bounced up and hit Donald in the hand for interference . Hafner , who had slid home with the apparent first run , was sent back to third and Crowe back to first	False
Mark Ellis doubled twice and Rajai Davis had three hits and stole his 43rd base as the A 's beat the Mariners for the ninth time in 11 games at home . Craig Breslow got four outs and Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
Craig Breslow got four outs and Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his 22nd save . They combined to retire the final seven Mariners . Seattle scored all three of its runs in the first two innings . Chone Figgins , who had two hits , singled ahead of Branyan 's home run in the first	True
Craig Breslow got four outs and Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his 22nd save . They combined to retire the final seven Mariners . Seattle scored all three of its runs in the first two innings . Chone Figgins , who had two hits , singled ahead of Branyan 's home run in the first . Tuiasosopo hit a one - out homer in the second	True
Gonzalez retired 11 of the next 12 batters he faced to give the A 's a chance to rally . Steve Tolleson singled ahead of Crisp 's home run in the third	True
Steve Tolleson singled ahead of Crisp 's home run in the third . The A 's had two runners on in the sixth	True
With the score 2-all , Kubel hit his two - run homer off O'Sullivan ( 2 - 5 ) . Thome connected one batter later . The Royals had an opportunity to build on their 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Kevin Slowey made his first start for the Twins since injuring his right triceps on Aug. 21 . He threw 77 pitches in four innings and allowed two runs and seven hits . Jeff Manship ( 2 - 0 ) gave up two runs in two innings . Matt Capps needed just eight pitches in the ninth	True
The Royals certainly did n't look like a team that was just playing out the string . After the Twins went ahead in the fifth	True
After the Twins went ahead in the fifth , an RBI double from Pena and a groundout by Betancourt made it 5 - 4 . Center fielder Gregor Blanco threw out Denard Span at the plate in the eighth	True
Posey hit a two - out single to the same spot Parra robbed him earlier and Nate Schierholtz followed with a two - run triple , helping San Francisco stay close to the NL West lead with a 2 - 0 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday . Madison Bumgarner matched zeros with Arizona starter Ian Kennedy into the eighth inning and three Giants relievers combined to escape a jam after he left . Parra preserved the scoreless tie with his diving catch in the ninth	True
Posey hit a two - out single to the same spot Parra robbed him earlier and Nate Schierholtz followed with a two - run triple , helping San Francisco stay close to the NL West lead with a 2 - 0 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday . Madison Bumgarner matched zeros with Arizona starter Ian Kennedy into the eighth inning and three Giants relievers combined to escape a jam after he left . Parra preserved the scoreless tie with his diving catch in the ninth , but San Francisco 's Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 2 ) struck out the side in the 10th	True
Madison Bumgarner matched zeros with Arizona starter Ian Kennedy into the eighth inning and three Giants relievers combined to escape a jam after he left . Parra preserved the scoreless tie with his diving catch in the ninth , but San Francisco 's Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 2 ) struck out the side in the 10th . Aubrey Huff got the winning rally started with a two - out single off Aaron Heilman ( 5 - 7 ) in the 11th	True
Kennedy was sharp for the fifth straight start , striking out six and retiring 14 of his final 15 batters . The right-hander did a little work with his bat , too , leading off the eighth	True
Kennedy was sharp for the fifth straight start , striking out six and retiring 14 of his final 15 batters . The right-hander did a little work with his bat , too , leading off the eighth with his first career double . He was stranded at third	False
Bumgarner matched Kennedy almost pitch for pitch . The left-hander struck out seven and twice got Adam LaRoche with two on and two outs : on a strikeout in the first inning and a fly ball to the warning track in right in the sixth	True
The Rockies , who have not been this close to first place since July 23 , also moved within 5 1/2 games of Philadelphia in the wild-card race . Tejada 's fifth homer hit off the front of the third deck of the Western Metal Supply Company building down the left-field line and came right after Adrian Gonzalez doubled with one out in the sixth	True
Tejada 's fifth homer hit off the front of the third deck of the Western Metal Supply Company building down the left-field line and came right after Adrian Gonzalez doubled with one out in the sixth . But Mora came right back and delivered his go-ahead single in the seventh	True
Gonzalez got the inning going with a one - out single off Tim Stauffer ( 3 - 3 ) , and a walk to Troy Tulowitzki brought on Adams . After a double steal , the Padres played the infield in and Mora 's ground ball got by second baseman David Eckstein into right field . Tulowitzki hit his 14th homer leading off the fourth	True
Gonzalez got the inning going with a one - out single off Tim Stauffer ( 3 - 3 ) , and a walk to Troy Tulowitzki brought on Adams . After a double steal , the Padres played the infield in and Mora 's ground ball got by second baseman David Eckstein into right field . Tulowitzki hit his 14th homer leading off the fourth against Richard . Tulowitzki also drove in a run in the fifth	True
Tulowitzki hit his 14th homer leading off the fourth against Richard . Tulowitzki also drove in a run in the fifth when third basemen Chase Headley failed to cleanly field a groundball that could have potentially led to an inning-ending , double play . Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 4 ) allowed two runs on six hits over six innings . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
The ploy worked as Davies went six strong innings and three relievers worked one hitless inning apiece , leading the Royals to a 2 - 1 victory Sunday afternoon over a team that routinely mauls the soft-spoken right-hander . Alex Gordon hit the go-ahead home run on reliever Brad Thomas ' first pitch in the sixth	True
Alex Gordon hit the go-ahead home run on reliever Brad Thomas ' first pitch in the sixth as the Royals avoided a three - game sweep . Davies ( 7 - 9 ) had been 2 - 7 lifetime against the Tigers and even worse at home -- 0 - 5 with a 6.59 ERA . But on this day , he allowed only one run on three hits , walked three and struck out four . His worst pitch may have been the one Casper Wells drove over the fence in the fifth	True
Davies ( 7 - 9 ) had been 2 - 7 lifetime against the Tigers and even worse at home -- 0 - 5 with a 6.59 ERA . But on this day , he allowed only one run on three hits , walked three and struck out four . His worst pitch may have been the one Casper Wells drove over the fence in the fifth . Joakim Soria had two strikeouts while pitching a perfect ninth	True
The Tigers were trying to climb above .500 for the first time since July 31 . Billy Butler , who had singled , was on second	False
The Tigers were trying to climb above .500 for the first time since July 31 . Billy Butler , who had singled , was on second when Wilson Betemit lifted a high fly ball to deep right field in the first	True
Billy Butler , who had singled , was on second when Wilson Betemit lifted a high fly ball to deep right field in the first . Brennan Boesch got turned around and appeared perhaps to lose the ball in the sun before it fell behind him and bounced over the wall for an RBI double . Thomas ( 5 - 2 ) relieved starter Armando Galarraga starting the sixth	True
Galarraga practically matched Davies pitch for pitch , working five innings and allowing four hits and the one slightly tainted run . The Royals loaded the bases in the third	True
The Royals loaded the bases in the third on Butler 's double and two - out walks to Betemit and Gordon . But Galarraga escaped by getting Brayan Pena to fly out on a 3 - 2 pitch . In the Detroit fifth	True
The Royals loaded the bases in the third on Butler 's double and two - out walks to Betemit and Gordon . But Galarraga escaped by getting Brayan Pena to fly out on a 3 - 2 pitch . In the Detroit fifth , Alex Avila walked , went to second	False
The Royals loaded the bases in the third on Butler 's double and two - out walks to Betemit and Gordon . But Galarraga escaped by getting Brayan Pena to fly out on a 3 - 2 pitch . In the Detroit fifth , Alex Avila walked , went to second on a balk and advanced to third	False
Santana has a career 1.80 ERA against the A 's and improved to 12 - 3 against them in 21 appearances , 19 starts . Abreu hit a two - run home run in the third	True
Santana has a career 1.80 ERA against the A 's and improved to 12 - 3 against them in 21 appearances , 19 starts . Abreu hit a two - run home run in the third to put the Angels ahead . He entered the at-bat with two hits in his previous 34 at-bats . Abreu later walked and scored and singled home a run in the seventh	True
Abreu hit a two - run home run in the third to put the Angels ahead . He entered the at-bat with two hits in his previous 34 at-bats . Abreu later walked and scored and singled home a run in the seventh . Napoli also hit a two - run shot in the third	True
Napoli also hit a two - run shot in the third to give the Angels a 4 - 0 advantage . Rajai Davis walked to open the third	True
Larish 's double in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Jack Cust singled and Mark Ellis was safe on Erick Aybar 's fielding error ahead of Larish . Hunter doubled home a run in the fifth	True
Hunter doubled home a run in the fifth and RBI singles from Abreu and Matsui in the seventh iced the game . Cust singled in a run with two outs in the ninth	False
Colorado beat the Padres for the 10th time in 14 games this year , including six of eight at Petco Park . Gonzalez raised his batting average to .335 and extended his hitting streak to 12 games . Todd Helton hit a two - run single off Garland to give the Rockies the lead in the third	True
Jason Hammel ( 10 - 7 ) held San Diego to two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . Garland ( 13 - 10 ) got out of a bases-loaded jam in the first	True
Jason Hammel ( 10 - 7 ) held San Diego to two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . Garland ( 13 - 10 ) got out of a bases-loaded jam in the first and struck out the side in the second	True
Jason Hammel ( 10 - 7 ) held San Diego to two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . Garland ( 13 - 10 ) got out of a bases-loaded jam in the first and struck out the side in the second before running into trouble in the third	True
Garland ( 13 - 10 ) got out of a bases-loaded jam in the first and struck out the side in the second before running into trouble in the third . He got the first two outs before Gonzalez walked and Troy Tulowitzki hit a hard shot off Garland 's lower left leg that ricocheted into shallow right for a double . Helton followed with a single to right for a 2 - 1 lead . Garland got the first two outs of the fifth	True
Garland got the first two outs of the fifth before loading the bases on Tulowitzki 's double to left , an intentional walk to Helton and a walk to Melvin Mora . After left-hander Joe Thatcher replaced Garland , shortstop Everth Cabrera bobbled a grounder by pinch-hitter Ryan Spilborghs and his throw to first	False
After left-hander Joe Thatcher replaced Garland , shortstop Everth Cabrera bobbled a grounder by pinch-hitter Ryan Spilborghs and his throw to first was too late , allowing Tulowitzki to score for a 3 - 1 lead . San Diego pulled within one on Nick Hundley 's double with one out in the seventh	True
San Diego pulled within one on Nick Hundley 's double with one out in the seventh , then left the bases loaded . Padres second baseman David Eckstein knocked down Dexter Fowler 's grounder up the middle with two outs in the eighth	True
Padres second baseman David Eckstein knocked down Dexter Fowler 's grounder up the middle with two outs in the eighth but could n't make a play , allowing Seth Smith to score . Gonzalez followed with a two - run double to make it 6 - 2 . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead with two outs in the first	True
The Cubs won for the eighth time in 11 games under interim manager Mike Quade , thanks to another sharp performance from Zambrano and big day at the plate from Castro . Zambrano ( 7 - 6 ) moved into third	False
The recent success comes while he 's dealt with a seriously ill nephew back home in Venezuela . That theory was tested with runners on first	False
The recent success comes while he 's dealt with a seriously ill nephew back home in Venezuela . That theory was tested with runners on first and third	False
The recent success comes while he 's dealt with a seriously ill nephew back home in Venezuela . That theory was tested with runners on first and third in the fourth	True
The recent success comes while he 's dealt with a seriously ill nephew back home in Venezuela . That theory was tested with runners on first and third in the fourth , when Luis Castillo and Carlos Beltran orchestrated a double steal as Lucas Duda struck out for the second	False
The recent success comes while he 's dealt with a seriously ill nephew back home in Venezuela . That theory was tested with runners on first and third in the fourth , when Luis Castillo and Carlos Beltran orchestrated a double steal as Lucas Duda struck out for the second out . Beltran eluded the tag from Castro at second	False
Marlon Byrd had two hits and scored twice for the Cubs , and Aramis Ramirez hit his 21st homer . Geovany Soto doubled in a run in the second	True
Marlon Byrd had two hits and scored twice for the Cubs , and Aramis Ramirez hit his 21st homer . Geovany Soto doubled in a run in the second and Xavier Nady added a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Marlon Byrd had two hits and scored twice for the Cubs , and Aramis Ramirez hit his 21st homer . Geovany Soto doubled in a run in the second and Xavier Nady added a sacrifice fly in the third as the Cubs grabbed a 2 - 0 lead . The double steal made it a one - run game , but the Cubs scored two in the fifth	True
Byrd doubled to the right-field corner , driving in Castro after he led off with a single , and came around on a wild pitch to Tyler Colvin on what would have been an inning-ending strikeout to make it 4 - 1 . New York 's Ike Davis cut the lead to two with a solo homer to right-center in the seventh	True
Byrd doubled to the right-field corner , driving in Castro after he led off with a single , and came around on a wild pitch to Tyler Colvin on what would have been an inning-ending strikeout to make it 4 - 1 . New York 's Ike Davis cut the lead to two with a solo homer to right-center in the seventh , but Ramirez answered with one of his own against Elmer Dessens leading off the bottom half . Beltran doubled in a run in the eighth	False
New York 's Ike Davis cut the lead to two with a solo homer to right-center in the seventh , but Ramirez answered with one of his own against Elmer Dessens leading off the bottom half . Beltran doubled in a run in the eighth against Andrew Cashner , cutting it to 5 - 3 , but Chicago hung on . Carlos Marmol struck out three in a scoreless ninth	True
New York 's Ike Davis cut the lead to two with a solo homer to right-center in the seventh , but Ramirez answered with one of his own against Elmer Dessens leading off the bottom half . Beltran doubled in a run in the eighth against Andrew Cashner , cutting it to 5 - 3 , but Chicago hung on . Carlos Marmol struck out three in a scoreless ninth for his 27th save in 32 chances and third	False
Said Garza : `` I kind of deviated from the game plan and followed [ catcher John Jaso 's ] lead . He wanted to go soft a lot and that 's what we did . '' Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	True
Millwood allowed at least one first-inning run in 13 of his previous 17 starts , and it appeared the trend would continue when Crawford hit a two - out triple and Evan Longoria walked . But Carlos Pena popped out to end the threat . In the third	True
In the third , however , Crawford hit an RBI single and scored on Longoria 's AL-high 43rd double . Reid Brignac singled in a run and Ben Zobrist hit a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
Five days later , the Yankees ' right-hander has a key September win -- he held Oakland to three runs in six innings and New York beat the Athletics 4 - 3 to stay in first place in the AL East . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Burnett struck out eight and was relieved after six innings and 91 pitches , in part , manager Joe Girardi said , because New York 's bullpen was well-rested . It probably also did n't hurt that it kept Burnett in line for a long-awaited win -- even though Burnett said that was n't important to him . Rivera struck out Kurt Suzuki with a runner on second	False
Burnett struck out eight and was relieved after six innings and 91 pitches , in part , manager Joe Girardi said , because New York 's bullpen was well-rested . It probably also did n't hurt that it kept Burnett in line for a long-awaited win -- even though Burnett said that was n't important to him . Rivera struck out Kurt Suzuki with a runner on second to end it . Yankees reliever Joba Chamberlain and Kerry Wood both put runners on first	False
Burnett struck out eight and was relieved after six innings and 91 pitches , in part , manager Joe Girardi said , because New York 's bullpen was well-rested . It probably also did n't hurt that it kept Burnett in line for a long-awaited win -- even though Burnett said that was n't important to him . Rivera struck out Kurt Suzuki with a runner on second to end it . Yankees reliever Joba Chamberlain and Kerry Wood both put runners on first and second	False
Mark Ellis had three hits for the A 's , who gave up 20 runs in the first two games of the series , but could n't capitalize when they held the Yankees to four . Coco Crisp 's RBI groundout that made it 4 - 3 in the fifth	True
Curtis Granderson and Eduardo Nunez hit one - out singles just over shortstop Cliff Pennington 's glove . Granderson motored home as Jeter was safe at first	False
Curtis Granderson and Eduardo Nunez hit one - out singles just over shortstop Cliff Pennington 's glove . Granderson motored home as Jeter was safe at first when Anderson bobbled the catch and fell over while covering first	False
The series shifts to San Francisco for Game 3 on Tuesday afternoon . Matt Cain faces Philadelphia 's Cole Hamels , the 2008 World Series MVP . Even though he did n't finish the outing , it sure was a complete game for Oswalt . He allowed one run and three hits , striking out nine . He also singled using one of Rollins ' bats and scored a run after racing through a coach 's stop sign in the seventh	True
Sanchez gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six - plus innings . The tough lefty had dominated the Phillies in his five previous starts against them , not allowing more than four hits in any outing . Oswalt chased Sanchez with a line-drive single leading off the bottom of the seventh	True
Sanchez gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in six - plus innings . The tough lefty had dominated the Phillies in his five previous starts against them , not allowing more than four hits in any outing . Oswalt chased Sanchez with a line-drive single leading off the bottom of the seventh . He advanced to second	False
Oswalt chased Sanchez with a line-drive single leading off the bottom of the seventh . He advanced to second on Shane Victorino 's sacrifice off Ramon Ramirez . After Chase Utley was intentionally walked , Placido Polanco lined a single to center . Oswalt ran through third-base coach Sam Perlozzo 's stop sign and slid safely ahead of the relay throw to give the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead . Jeremy Affeldt came in and struck out Ryan Howard after a double steal . Jayson Werth was intentionally walked before Santiago Casilla entered to face Rollins . The former NL MVP , dropped from leadoff to sixth	True
Jeremy Affeldt came in and struck out Ryan Howard after a double steal . Jayson Werth was intentionally walked before Santiago Casilla entered to face Rollins . The former NL MVP , dropped from leadoff to sixth in the batting order since the playoffs started , hit a drive off the right-center field fence to put the Phillies up 6 - 1 . An appreciative crowd chanted `` J-Roll ! J-Roll ! '' with a smiling Rollins standing on second	False
An appreciative crowd chanted `` J-Roll ! J-Roll ! '' with a smiling Rollins standing on second . Oswalt did n't allow a hit until Ross connected with one out in the fifth	True
But the Phillies played small-ball -- a rarity for this lineup filled with inconsistent sluggers -- to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half . Victorino , one of the few Phillies with success off Sanchez , lined a double down the left-field line . He advanced to third	False
Victorino , one of the few Phillies with success off Sanchez , lined a double down the left-field line . He advanced to third on Utley 's fly out to right and scored on Polanco 's sacrifice fly to center , which drew a loud ovation . The Phillies took advantage of Sanchez 's wildness and scored an unearned run without getting a hit in the first	True
The Phillies took advantage of Sanchez 's wildness and scored an unearned run without getting a hit in the first . Utley , flip-flopped with Polanco in the batting order , drew a one - out walk . Utley stole second	False
The Phillies took advantage of Sanchez 's wildness and scored an unearned run without getting a hit in the first . Utley , flip-flopped with Polanco in the batting order , drew a one - out walk . Utley stole second and advanced to third	False
Utley , flip-flopped with Polanco in the batting order , drew a one - out walk . Utley stole second and advanced to third when Polanco reached on third baseman Mike Fontenot 's throwing error . Howard worked a walk after falling behind 1 - 2 in the count . Sanchez then caught Werth looking at a slider for the second	False
Sanchez then caught Werth looking at a slider for the second out . But Rollins walked to force in a run . Raul Ibanez fanned to end the inning . Rollins got his second hit of the playoffs in the fourth	True
The crowd of 46,099 -- the 135th straight sellout at Citizens Bank Park -- was revved up right from the start , waving their `` Fightin ' Phils '' rally towels and chanting `` Let 's Go Phillies . '' They cheered loudly when Oswalt brushed back Ross with a high-and-tight fastball in the second	True
Sosa , typically a reliever , made his second start of the season in place of Alex Sanabia , who was scratched with a stiff right elbow . The right-hander allowed five hits and two walks in four innings . Brian Sanches ( 2 - 2 ) worked two innings for the win , striking out three , and Hensley pitched the ninth	True
Sosa , typically a reliever , made his second start of the season in place of Alex Sanabia , who was scratched with a stiff right elbow . The right-hander allowed five hits and two walks in four innings . Brian Sanches ( 2 - 2 ) worked two innings for the win , striking out three , and Hensley pitched the ninth to earn his sixth save . Hensley struck out Ryan Doumit on a curveball with runners on second	False
Sosa , typically a reliever , made his second start of the season in place of Alex Sanabia , who was scratched with a stiff right elbow . The right-hander allowed five hits and two walks in four innings . Brian Sanches ( 2 - 2 ) worked two innings for the win , striking out three , and Hensley pitched the ninth to earn his sixth save . Hensley struck out Ryan Doumit on a curveball with runners on second and third	False
The Pirates got a solid outing from Charlie Morton ( 2 - 12 ) , who allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one , falling to 0 - 8 with a 9.00 ERA in 11 road starts . In the fourth	True
The Pirates got a solid outing from Charlie Morton ( 2 - 12 ) , who allowed two runs and four hits in six innings . He struck out nine and walked one , falling to 0 - 8 with a 9.00 ERA in 11 road starts . In the fourth , Ozzie Martinez led off with a single and went to third	False
It was Gwynn 's diving catch on a live drive to left field by Nick Hundley with two outs in the ninth inning and runners at the corners that preserved a 3 - 2 victory for Ted Lilly on Friday night -- and left Gwynn 's former San Diego Padres teammates shaking their heads . Vicente Padilla pitched a hitless eighth	True
It was Gwynn 's diving catch on a live drive to left field by Nick Hundley with two outs in the ninth inning and runners at the corners that preserved a 3 - 2 victory for Ted Lilly on Friday night -- and left Gwynn 's former San Diego Padres teammates shaking their heads . Vicente Padilla pitched a hitless eighth with two walks , and Broxton retired the first two batters in the ninth	True
It was Gwynn 's diving catch on a live drive to left field by Nick Hundley with two outs in the ninth inning and runners at the corners that preserved a 3 - 2 victory for Ted Lilly on Friday night -- and left Gwynn 's former San Diego Padres teammates shaking their heads . Vicente Padilla pitched a hitless eighth with two walks , and Broxton retired the first two batters in the ninth before giving up consecutive singles by Will Venable , former Dodger Orlando Hudson and Chase Headley . Hudson 's hit drove in Venable , who went to second	False
The move capped a tumultuous week that began with Major League Baseball taking control of the 122-year-old franchise from embattled owner Frank McCourt . Ethier doubled with two outs in the fifth	True
The move capped a tumultuous week that began with Major League Baseball taking control of the 122-year-old franchise from embattled owner Frank McCourt . Ethier doubled with two outs in the fifth against Clayton Richard , a left-hander he had only one hit against in 15 career at-bats to that point . Ethier 's first time up he drove in a run with a groundout , and he hit another grounder in the third	True
Ethier had a full beard when the team returned from a six - game road trip , but was clean-shaven when he got to Chavez Ravine . So much for superstitions . Lilly ( 2 - 2 ) allowed a run and five hits over six innings before he was lifted for a pinch hitter with a 2 - 1 lead and runners at second	False
Ethier had a full beard when the team returned from a six - game road trip , but was clean-shaven when he got to Chavez Ravine . So much for superstitions . Lilly ( 2 - 2 ) allowed a run and five hits over six innings before he was lifted for a pinch hitter with a 2 - 1 lead and runners at second and third	False
Lilly ( 2 - 2 ) allowed a run and five hits over six innings before he was lifted for a pinch hitter with a 2 - 1 lead and runners at second and third . The left-hander , whose run support since the start of last season is the lowest in the majors , struck out four and walked one while improving to 7 - 3 against the Padres . Russell Mitchell batted for Lilly and drew a walk that loaded the bases . That was all for Richard , who was relieved by Ernesto Frieri . The right-hander escaped the jam by retiring Jamey Carroll on a grounder , but Kemp led off the seventh	True
Richard ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings as the Padres lost for the seventh time in eight games . Uribe hit his third homer in the fourth	True
The Indians walked off with the improbable win after overcoming deficits of 3 - 0 and 5 - 2 . Jack Hannahan singled to start the winning rally and was replaced by pinch-runner Adam Everett . Grady Sizemore 's line single to right sent Everett to third	False
Benoit intentionally walked Cabrera and came back to strike out Shin-Soo Choo on three pitches before Santana delivered . Matt LaPorta hit a solo homer off Tigers starter Max Scherzer to start the seventh	True
Matt LaPorta hit a solo homer off Tigers starter Max Scherzer to start the seventh . Later in the inning , Cabrera drove his two - run shot into the right-field seats on the first pitch after Leyland checked on Scherzer . Scherzer , seeking to become Detroit 's first pitcher with five wins in April since Frank Tanana in 1988 , had a two - hit shutout until two outs in the sixth	True
Scherzer , seeking to become Detroit 's first pitcher with five wins in April since Frank Tanana in 1988 , had a two - hit shutout until two outs in the sixth . Cabrera then singled and walks to Choo and Santana loaded the bases . Shelley Duncan , the DH in place of Travis Hafner , grounded a two - run single between third	False
Hafner missed his second straight game because of a sore right ankle . The lefty slugger is hitting .342 with four homers in 21 games and is 6 - for - 10 with a homer and three RBIs in his career against Scherzer . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Indians starter Jeanmar Gomez in the first	True
Hafner missed his second straight game because of a sore right ankle . The lefty slugger is hitting .342 with four homers in 21 games and is 6 - for - 10 with a homer and three RBIs in his career against Scherzer . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Indians starter Jeanmar Gomez in the first . It was his sixth	False
Hafner missed his second straight game because of a sore right ankle . The lefty slugger is hitting .342 with four homers in 21 games and is 6 - for - 10 with a homer and three RBIs in his career against Scherzer . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Indians starter Jeanmar Gomez in the first . It was his sixth and first	False
Cabrera had two hits and twice flew out to deep center as he continued to pound Indians pitching . Since joining the Tigers in 2008 , he is hitting .332 with 14 homers and 47 RBIs in 53 games against Cleveland . Alex Avila put Detroit ahead 3 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Alex Avila put Detroit ahead 3 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the fourth . After the Indians rallied in the sixth	True
Alex Avila put Detroit ahead 3 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the fourth . After the Indians rallied in the sixth , the Tigers restored their three - run lead in the seventh	True
It helped that his offense staked him to an 8 - 0 lead . Shin-Soo Choo and Carlos Santana connected for consecutive homers with two outs in the first inning off Kyle Davies ( 1 - 3 ) . Grady Sizemore opened the third	True
It helped that his offense staked him to an 8 - 0 lead . Shin-Soo Choo and Carlos Santana connected for consecutive homers with two outs in the first inning off Kyle Davies ( 1 - 3 ) . Grady Sizemore opened the third with his fourth homer and Shelley Duncan , a late lineup addition when DH Travis Hafner was scratched with an inflamed right ankle , began the fourth	True
It helped that his offense staked him to an 8 - 0 lead . Shin-Soo Choo and Carlos Santana connected for consecutive homers with two outs in the first inning off Kyle Davies ( 1 - 3 ) . Grady Sizemore opened the third with his fourth homer and Shelley Duncan , a late lineup addition when DH Travis Hafner was scratched with an inflamed right ankle , began the fourth with his first	False
The Royals have dropped nine of 11 and open a nine - game homestand Friday against Minnesota , after going 0 - 6 on a trip to Texas and Cleveland in which they were outscored 46 - 22 . Jeff Francoeur stretched his hitting streak to a career-high 17 games for Kansas City . He doubled in the seventh	True
Until then , Carmona was in trouble only once . Matt Treanor blooped a one - out single to right for the Royals ' first hit in the third inning . He went to third	False
Matt Treanor blooped a one - out single to right for the Royals ' first hit in the third inning . He went to third on a double down the third-base line by Alcides Escobar . Carmona then got leadoff man Jarrod Dyson to ground to first baseman Matt LaPorta , who threw home . Santana ran Treanor back toward third base and applied the tag as Escobar took third	False
Matt Treanor blooped a one - out single to right for the Royals ' first hit in the third inning . He went to third on a double down the third-base line by Alcides Escobar . Carmona then got leadoff man Jarrod Dyson to ground to first baseman Matt LaPorta , who threw home . Santana ran Treanor back toward third base and applied the tag as Escobar took third and Dyson second	False
Carmona then got leadoff man Jarrod Dyson to ground to first baseman Matt LaPorta , who threw home . Santana ran Treanor back toward third base and applied the tag as Escobar took third and Dyson second . Carmona then struck out Melky Cabrera . Jack Hannahan had a two - run double in the Indians ' fourth	True
Jones moved out of a tie with Mantle and into sole possession of second place among switch-hitters with 1,512 RBIs . Hall of Famer Eddie Murray tops the list at 1,917 . Jones moved into a tie with the Mick by hitting a two - run homer on Tuesday night . He passed him with an RBI groundout in the first inning and then added the two - run triple in the five - run second	True
After Latos struck out Hanson , Prado hit a grounder down the first-base line . Hawpe tried to backhand it but it went under his glove for an error , allowing Freeman and McLouth to score . Heyward beat out an infield single and Jones tripled over the head of center fielder Cameron Maybin , who was retreating and turned the wrong way . Jones scored on Brian McCann 's double to right , making it 6 - 0 . Hawpe was signed to replace Adrian Gonzalez , a three - time All-Star and two - time Gold Glove Award winner who was traded to the Boston Red Sox in December . Hawpe , who played only a handful of games at first	False
Helton homered twice for the Rockies and De La Rosa pitched seven strong innings to help the Colorado Rockies beat the Cubs 4 - 3 Tuesday night . `` To go out there and get that extra inning , he went out in the seventh	True
`` To go out there and get that extra inning , he went out in the seventh and put it down very nicely . He pitched us right to the two guys at the back end . '' Rafael Betancourt pitched the eighth	True
`` To go out there and get that extra inning , he went out in the seventh and put it down very nicely . He pitched us right to the two guys at the back end . '' Rafael Betancourt pitched the eighth and Huston Street gave up a solo homer to Alfonso Soriano leading off the ninth	True
James Russell ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs , five hits and four walks in four innings . Ty Wigginton had three hits for Colorado , including a homer and a double . Troy Tulowitzki added two hits and an RBI double in the third	True
At 16 - 7 , the Rockies have the best 23-game start in team history . The Cubs are 3 - 5 on this homestand , with one game left . The night before , shortstop Starlin Castro committed three errors in one inning , and the Cubs finished with four in a loss to Colorado . Helton 's homer to right field in the first inning landed only a few rows behind the ivy , aided by the wind . In the fifth	True
It was the 27th career multihomer game for Helton and his first since Aug. 7 , 2007 against Milwaukee . Tulowitzki let a grounder by Geovany Soto skip under his glove , letting the Cubs take a 2 - 1 lead in the first	True
Rickie Weeks , Ryan Braun and Prince Fielder each hit solo homers Tuesday night and the Brewers beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 for the first time this season . Milwaukee had been 0 - 4 against the Reds this year and losers of 19 of 22 since July 2009 against them before Weeks homered off reliever Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 2 ) to lead off the eighth	True
Ondrusek and Reds manager Dusty Baker did n't think the ball was headed out . Weeks knew it as soon as it left his bat . Fielder hit his to begin the second	True
Ondrusek and Reds manager Dusty Baker did n't think the ball was headed out . Weeks knew it as soon as it left his bat . Fielder hit his to begin the second to drive in his major league-leading 23rd run . Braun 's shot to start the fourth	True
Ondrusek and Reds manager Dusty Baker did n't think the ball was headed out . Weeks knew it as soon as it left his bat . Fielder hit his to begin the second to drive in his major league-leading 23rd run . Braun 's shot to start the fourth was his major league-leading ninth	False
Fielder hit his to begin the second to drive in his major league-leading 23rd run . Braun 's shot to start the fourth was his major league-leading ninth this season . Brandon Phillips was back in the cleanup spot and hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Phillips was back in the cleanup spot and hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give Cincinnati a 2 - 1 lead , but it would n't last . Kameron Loe ( 2 - 1 ) worked the eighth	True
Brandon Phillips was back in the cleanup spot and hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give Cincinnati a 2 - 1 lead , but it would n't last . Kameron Loe ( 2 - 1 ) worked the eighth and Axford threw a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Fielder has been hot , too . After a 3 - for - 17 stretch to start the season without an RBI , he 's hitting .380 over his last 18 games . Phillips was back in the cleanup spot and drove in two more runs with his homer in the fourth	True
Leake had earned a win in his previous start , three days after getting arrested for shoplifting from a Cincinnati department store . The caustic signs in his first start at home in Cincinnati did n't follow him to Milwaukee . There was only a small chant of `` thief , thief , thief '' when Leake batted in the eighth	True
Leake had earned a win in his previous start , three days after getting arrested for shoplifting from a Cincinnati department store . The caustic signs in his first start at home in Cincinnati did n't follow him to Milwaukee . There was only a small chant of `` thief , thief , thief '' when Leake batted in the eighth , but it sounded like `` Leake , Leake , Leake . '' Leake left without pitching in the eighth	True
There was only a small chant of `` thief , thief , thief '' when Leake batted in the eighth , but it sounded like `` Leake , Leake , Leake . '' Leake left without pitching in the eighth , an odd decision considering the Reds had their leadoff hitter on when he failed to get a sacrifice bunt down and struck out . Baker did n't pinch hit because he believed Leake would be able to execute the bunt . Leake 's only mistakes on the mound were the solo shots to Fielder and Braun . In the fifth	True
One of those runs came on the strangest homers in Comerica Park 's 12 seasons -- a play that will be on every blooper reel . After Hernandez allowed an unearned run in the first	True
One of those runs came on the strangest homers in Comerica Park 's 12 seasons -- a play that will be on every blooper reel . After Hernandez allowed an unearned run in the first , Miguel Olivo led off the second	True
Tigers manager Jim Leyland , though , thought Coke 's control was the problem again . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Justin Smoak hit Seattle 's second homer to left -- this one clearing Raburn and the fence -- for a 3 - 1 lead . Detroit , though , tied it in the bottom of the inning on Brandon Inge 's two - run double . As an ominous thunderhead passed south of the stadium , the Mariners went up 7 - 3 with four runs in the fifth	True
Ramirez , held out of the starting lineup because of a 2 - for - 27 slump , spent the first five innings in the batting cage , restless in the unfamiliar pinch-hitting role . There was plenty of excitement at the end , however , with Ramirez in the middle of a mob scene at home plate . Both runs in the ninth	True
The Dodgers ' Andre Ethier had a first-inning single to tie a major league record by extending his hitting streak to 22 games , which matches the longest ever in April . Ethier equaled the mark set by his former manager , Joe Torre , who hit in 22 consecutive April games in 1972 . The game was the first	False
The game was the first for the Dodgers under former Texas Rangers president J. Thomas Schieffer , who was hired by commissioner Bud Selig to run the team less than a week after Major League Baseball took over operation of the franchise from owner Frank McCourt . With the Dodgers leading 4 - 3 in the ninth	True
The game was the first for the Dodgers under former Texas Rangers president J. Thomas Schieffer , who was hired by commissioner Bud Selig to run the team less than a week after Major League Baseball took over operation of the franchise from owner Frank McCourt . With the Dodgers leading 4 - 3 in the ninth , closer Jonathan Broxton ( 1 - 1 ) was one strike from victory when Emilio Bonifacio walked on a 3 - 2 pitch . After Ramirez singled to put runners at first	False
The game was the first for the Dodgers under former Texas Rangers president J. Thomas Schieffer , who was hired by commissioner Bud Selig to run the team less than a week after Major League Baseball took over operation of the franchise from owner Frank McCourt . With the Dodgers leading 4 - 3 in the ninth , closer Jonathan Broxton ( 1 - 1 ) was one strike from victory when Emilio Bonifacio walked on a 3 - 2 pitch . After Ramirez singled to put runners at first and third	False
Because of the fielding lapses , Broxton blew a save for the first time in seven chances . Brian Sanches ( 3 - 0 ) extended his scoreless streak to start the season to 13 2/3 innings with a perfect ninth	True
Coghlan hit two solo homers for the only runs off Jon Garland , who went seven innings . Garland allowed four hits and one walk . The Dodgers scored their first run in the fourth	True
Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) had a career-high nine strikeouts and allowed one unearned run . He threw a no-hitter for Florida in 2006 and shook off the disappointment of falling just shy of another . The hit came on Sanchez 's 116th pitch and the first	False
Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) had a career-high nine strikeouts and allowed one unearned run . He threw a no-hitter for Florida in 2006 and shook off the disappointment of falling just shy of another . The hit came on Sanchez 's 116th pitch and the first of the ninth	True
It was the second one - hitter in the majors this season . Dan Haren of the Los Angeles Angels also had one in a 2 - 0 victory over the Cleveland Indians on April 12 . Fowler was doubled off first	False
Sanchez required shoulder surgery the following year and slowly regained his form . Last year , he achieved career-high totals in wins and innings when he went 13 - 12 with a 3.55 ERA . After Colorado took the early lead , Coghlan led off the first	True
Meanwhile , Anibal Sanchez was cruising along with a mix of curves , sliders , changeups and cutters to go along with his mid-90s fastball . In the third	True
Meanwhile , Anibal Sanchez was cruising along with a mix of curves , sliders , changeups and cutters to go along with his mid-90s fastball . In the third , he benefited from an inning-ending double play . He struck out the side in the sixth	True
In the third , he benefited from an inning-ending double play . He struck out the side in the sixth . With one out in the seventh	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- As baseball games go , this was a dandy . There was outstanding pitching , great defense and clutch hitting -- especially Melky Cabrera 's walk-off single in the ninth	True
The fourth walk-off victory of the year gave the second-place Royals a 2 - 2 split of the four - game series with the AL Central-leading Indians . Perez ( 0 - 1 ) started the ninth	True
Perez ( 0 - 1 ) started the ninth and got in immediate trouble when Kila Ka'aihue doubled leading off . Pinch-runner Mike Aviles went to third	False
Perez ( 0 - 1 ) started the ninth and got in immediate trouble when Kila Ka'aihue doubled leading off . Pinch-runner Mike Aviles went to third when Mitch Maier hit a pinch single . Alcides Escobar grounded to third baseman Jack Hannahan , who threw out Aviles at home for the first	False
Tomlin gave up one run on five hits , with a walk and four strikeouts . He lowered his ERA from 2.75 to 2.33 . Tony Sipp came out of the bullpen after Tomlin walked Getz leading off the eighth	True
Tomlin gave up one run on five hits , with a walk and four strikeouts . He lowered his ERA from 2.75 to 2.33 . Tony Sipp came out of the bullpen after Tomlin walked Getz leading off the eighth . He stole second	False
Tomlin gave up one run on five hits , with a walk and four strikeouts . He lowered his ERA from 2.75 to 2.33 . Tony Sipp came out of the bullpen after Tomlin walked Getz leading off the eighth . He stole second and third	False
Tony Sipp came out of the bullpen after Tomlin walked Getz leading off the eighth . He stole second and third , raising the Royals ' league-leading total to 26 stolen bases . When Sipp walked Alex Gordon with two out and Vinnie Pestano relieved , Jeff Francoeur grounded an RBI single up the middle that shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera stopped from going through , possibly preventing the tying run from scoring . Cabrera also saved a run for the Royals when he threw out Carlos Santana at the plate in the Cleveland eighth	True
Cabrera also saved a run for the Royals when he threw out Carlos Santana at the plate in the Cleveland eighth . The Indians scored both runs off O'Sullivan in the fifth	True
The Indians scored both runs off O'Sullivan in the fifth . Matt LaPorta singled leading off and Hannahan walked and both were sacrificed up a base before Sizemore lifted a bloop RBI single that dropped at Cabrera 's shoes in shallow center . After O'Sullivan walked Cabrera , loading the bases , Shin-Soo Choo hit a sinking liner to left field . Gordon scooped the ball off the grass and jumped to his feet and threw out Sizemore trying for third	False
Perez said it was not just the law of averages that caught up with him . O'Sullivan went six - plus innings and was charged with two runs on five hits . He walked three and struck out six , tying his career high . He was relieved in the seventh	True
Hernandez won the Cy Young Award last season with a meager 13 - 12 record and 2.27 earned run average . He had the lowest run support in the American League , 3.10 runs per game . The Mariners scored one run or fewer in 10 of his starts . One run was enough this time , even though he A 's threatened in the eighth	True
Hernandez won the Cy Young Award last season with a meager 13 - 12 record and 2.27 earned run average . He had the lowest run support in the American League , 3.10 runs per game . The Mariners scored one run or fewer in 10 of his starts . One run was enough this time , even though he A 's threatened in the eighth and ninth	True
One run was enough this time , even though he A 's threatened in the eighth and ninth . Jamey Wright took over in the eighth	True
One run was enough this time , even though he A 's threatened in the eighth and ninth . Jamey Wright took over in the eighth with two outs and Pennington on second	False
One run was enough this time , even though he A 's threatened in the eighth and ninth . Jamey Wright took over in the eighth with two outs and Pennington on second and DeJesus on first	False
Jamey Wright took over in the eighth with two outs and Pennington on second and DeJesus on first . Conor Jackson grounded out on his first pitch to end the inning . Brandon League pitched the ninth	True
Brandon League pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances but it was n't easy . He gave up a leadoff single to Willingham , who reached second	False
Brandon League pitched the ninth for his fourth save in four chances but it was n't easy . He gave up a leadoff single to Willingham , who reached second on Ryan Sweeney 's groundout . Kurt Suzuki then popped out to first	False
Hernandez is 11 - 4 in 19 career starts against the A 's with a 2.61 ERA . He has won 10 of his last 12 decisions against Oakland since April 2 , 2007 . Kennedy homered for the second night in a row , sending a 3 - 1 fastball from Brandon McCarthy ( 1 - 1 ) into the right-field seats with one out in the fourth	True
Kennedy also had an outstanding evening in the field in just his ninth career start at first base . He is filling Justin Smoak , who is on bereavement leave . He made at least four stellar plays . The critical one came in the seventh	True
Kennedy also had an outstanding evening in the field in just his ninth career start at first base . He is filling Justin Smoak , who is on bereavement leave . He made at least four stellar plays . The critical one came in the seventh with two outs and a runner on first	False
Over the past seven games , the A 's starters have a 1.13 earned run average . Overall , the staff leads the major leagues with a 2.52 ERA . Carlos Peguero got his first major league hit by beating out a single to shortstop in the third	True
Over the past seven games , the A 's starters have a 1.13 earned run average . Overall , the staff leads the major leagues with a 2.52 ERA . Carlos Peguero got his first major league hit by beating out a single to shortstop in the third . He was then quickly picked off first	False
Carlos Peguero got his first major league hit by beating out a single to shortstop in the third . He was then quickly picked off first . This was the 41st 1 - 0 victory in Mariners history , the third	False
Of the 20 outs recorded in 6 2/3 innings , Porcello ( 1 - 2 ) got 10 on infield grounders . They came off his sinker . He also had six strikeouts , most off his changeup . Porcello held the Mariners to one run and four hits but ran into trouble in the seventh	True
Of the 20 outs recorded in 6 2/3 innings , Porcello ( 1 - 2 ) got 10 on infield grounders . They came off his sinker . He also had six strikeouts , most off his changeup . Porcello held the Mariners to one run and four hits but ran into trouble in the seventh , yielding his first walk of the game to Luis Rodriguez along with two wild pitches . Ryan Perry struck out Jack Wilson to end the inning , and Joaquin Benoit worked a routine eighth	True
Porcello held the Mariners to one run and four hits but ran into trouble in the seventh , yielding his first walk of the game to Luis Rodriguez along with two wild pitches . Ryan Perry struck out Jack Wilson to end the inning , and Joaquin Benoit worked a routine eighth . Jose Valverde took over in the ninth	False
Porcello held the Mariners to one run and four hits but ran into trouble in the seventh , yielding his first walk of the game to Luis Rodriguez along with two wild pitches . Ryan Perry struck out Jack Wilson to end the inning , and Joaquin Benoit worked a routine eighth . Jose Valverde took over in the ninth and yielded a leadoff home run to Adam Kennedy , the first	False
It was also appreciated by Porcello , giving him an enhanced comfort level against a team that had scored 13 runs against the Tigers on Tuesday night . Cabrera drove in Austin Jackson in the third	True
Cabrera drove in Austin Jackson in the third with a two - out single to make it 2 - 0 . It was Cabrera 's 19th RBI in 27 games against the Tigers . The Mariners got one back in the third	True
The Mariners got one back in the third on Suzuki 's two - out single to right . The Tigers added another two - out single in the fifth	True
The Tigers added another two - out single in the fifth by Boesch , this time driving in Raburn and making it 3 - 1 . Boesch is hitting .405 with nine RBIs in 12 road games . The critical point for Porcello was the Mariners ' fourth	True
The critical point for Porcello was the Mariners ' fourth . The first two batters singled . He then struck out Saunders , Luis Rodriguez flied out to left and Peguero struck out . For Leyland , the critical point was two outs in the seventh	True
The critical point for Porcello was the Mariners ' fourth . The first two batters singled . He then struck out Saunders , Luis Rodriguez flied out to left and Peguero struck out . For Leyland , the critical point was two outs in the seventh with a runner on third	False
Marquis ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and nine hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . It was Marquis ' first home win in eight tries with the Nationals . His only real problems came in the fourth	True
Marquis ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs on nine hits in seven - plus innings . He struck out four and walked one . It was Marquis ' first home win in eight tries with the Nationals . His only real problems came in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Nationals have hit three home runs in a game , and the offensive show was a welcome sight for Washington , which entered the day last in the National League in both batting average and slugging percentage . One lineup change paid dividends for the Nationals . Espinosa was moved to the leadoff spot on Friday , replacing the slumping Desmond , who started the season 0 for 29 at home before his sixth-inning double . Desmond , batting sixth	False
It was the first time this season the Nationals have hit three home runs in a game , and the offensive show was a welcome sight for Washington , which entered the day last in the National League in both batting average and slugging percentage . One lineup change paid dividends for the Nationals . Espinosa was moved to the leadoff spot on Friday , replacing the slumping Desmond , who started the season 0 for 29 at home before his sixth-inning double . Desmond , batting sixth , hit his second homer of the season in the eighth	True
After Rick Ankiel singled in the first inning , Gallardo retired 10 consecutive batters . Jayson Werth ended that streak with a fourth-inning single to left . Werth scored on Michael Morse 's sacrifice fly to make the score 2 - 1 . Gallardo had more trouble in the fifth	True
The A 's also overcame their major league-leading 17th error to win for the second time in six games at the Coliseum this season . They ended Detroit 's four - game winning streak . Braden was n't as crisp as he has been this season and had to pitch out of jams in the second	True
The A 's also overcame their major league-leading 17th error to win for the second time in six games at the Coliseum this season . They ended Detroit 's four - game winning streak . Braden was n't as crisp as he has been this season and had to pitch out of jams in the second and fourth	True
Coming off six sharp innings against the Chicago White Sox on Monday , Braden ( 1 - 1 ) struck out five and walked two . He left after five innings and only 67 pitches when his shoulder tightened up . Braden said he knew he could n't continue after the fifth	True
Oakland needed the strong outing to help overcome a throwing error by first baseman Daric Barton that gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead . It was the A 's eighth error in their past five games . Fortunately for Oakland , the offense got to Verlander in the fourth	True
It was the A 's eighth error in their past five games . Fortunately for Oakland , the offense got to Verlander in the fourth . DeJesus , Josh Willingham and Matsui hit consecutive doubles to open the inning and give the A 's a 2 - 1 lead . Kurt Suzuki followed with a single and when left fielder Ryan Raburn bobbled the ball for an error , Matsui raced around third	False
DeJesus , Josh Willingham and Matsui hit consecutive doubles to open the inning and give the A 's a 2 - 1 lead . Kurt Suzuki followed with a single and when left fielder Ryan Raburn bobbled the ball for an error , Matsui raced around third to score . The game took a quirky turn in the bottom of the fifth	True
The game took a quirky turn in the bottom of the fifth . Verlander walked Barton , then was on the mound when he suddenly jumped off the rubber and fired toward the plate . The ball hit DeJesus in the foot and he was initially awarded first base while Barton moved to second	False
Verlander walked Barton , then was on the mound when he suddenly jumped off the rubber and fired toward the plate . The ball hit DeJesus in the foot and he was initially awarded first base while Barton moved to second . Detroit manager Jim Leyland came out to question the call , and after the four umpires conferred , the play was ruled a balk . DeJesus was sent back to the box and Barton remained at second	False
Verlander got out of the jam but was gone an inning later after an RBI double by Coco Crisp . The right-hander allowed eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings , finishing with six strikeouts . Oakland scored a pair of insurance runs in the eighth	True
Verlander got out of the jam but was gone an inning later after an RBI double by Coco Crisp . The right-hander allowed eight hits and four runs -- three earned -- in six innings , finishing with six strikeouts . Oakland scored a pair of insurance runs in the eighth off reliever Enrique Gonzalez . Detroit then loaded the bases in the ninth	True
`` I was able to recover from that accident and that was huge , so we 'll see . We 'll see what the MRI says tomorrow and just go out and take it day by day . '' Freddy Sanchez doubled in the tying run in the sixth inning , then put San Francisco up for good with a two - run single in the seventh	True
Buster Posey hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Joe Saunders ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up five runs on 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth to give him a save in each of the Giants ' four straight wins . The reigning World Series champions have won seven of nine after opening the season 1 - 4 . Sanchez 's RBI double tied it at 3 . Singles by Pat Burrell and Mark DeRosa and a walk to Aaron Rowand loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh	True
Sanchez 's RBI double tied it at 3 . Singles by Pat Burrell and Mark DeRosa and a walk to Aaron Rowand loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh , ending Saunders ' day . Sam Demel relieved the Arizona starter and Sanchez 's soft single between third	False
Sam Demel relieved the Arizona starter and Sanchez 's soft single between third and shortstop brought in two runs to put the Giants back ahead , 5 - 3 . The Diamondbacks lost their third straight and fell to 3 - 5 on a nine - game homestand that ends with the series finale against San Francisco on Sunday . Arizona scored two off Zito in the second	True
After he was unable to continue , Mota came on to get Willie Bloomquist to bounce out to end the inning . Arizona took a 3 - 2 lead on Melvin Mora 's RBI double , with the 39-year-old Diamondback tagged out by several feet trying for third	False
Greg Reynolds ( 1 - 0 ) won Game 1 despite a couple shaky innings , and Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 0 ) held on long enough in the second game for the Rockies ' offense to deliver his win . The Rockies spotted the Mets 2 - 0 leads in both games -- in fact , New York has scored first	False
The Rockies spotted the Mets 2 - 0 leads in both games -- in fact , New York has scored first in six straight games while winning just once -- before pouring it on . In the opener , Seth Smith got Colorado within 2 - 1 with an RBI in the fifth	True
The Rockies spotted the Mets 2 - 0 leads in both games -- in fact , New York has scored first in six straight games while winning just once -- before pouring it on . In the opener , Seth Smith got Colorado within 2 - 1 with an RBI in the fifth , and the Rockies went ahead for good in the sixth	True
In the opener , Seth Smith got Colorado within 2 - 1 with an RBI in the fifth , and the Rockies went ahead for good in the sixth . Scott Hairston inexplicably stopped chasing Jose Morales ' fly ball to right , letting it bounce off the warning track for a two - run double . Colorado added three more runs in the seventh	True
Colorado added three more runs in the seventh when Carlos Gonzalez drove a 2 - 2 pitch from R. A. Dickey ( 1 - 2 ) into the right-field seats for his first home run of the year . Tulowitzki followed the two - run shot with a homer of his own off Bobby Parnell . Jose Reyes homered for the Mets in the eighth	True
Colorado added three more runs in the seventh when Carlos Gonzalez drove a 2 - 2 pitch from R. A. Dickey ( 1 - 2 ) into the right-field seats for his first home run of the year . Tulowitzki followed the two - run shot with a homer of his own off Bobby Parnell . Jose Reyes homered for the Mets in the eighth , making it 6 - 3 , and Huston Street came on in the ninth	True
Nickeas cleared the bases anyway with his double moments later . The Rockies tied it in the third	True
Nickeas cleared the bases anyway with his double moments later . The Rockies tied it in the third on Dexter Fowler 's RBI single and Gonzalez 's run-scoring grounder , and the Mets pulled back ahead in the fourth	True
The Rockies tied it in the third on Dexter Fowler 's RBI single and Gonzalez 's run-scoring grounder , and the Mets pulled back ahead in the fourth on Reyes ' two - run single . Tulowitzki led off the sixth	True
The Rockies tied it in the third on Dexter Fowler 's RBI single and Gonzalez 's run-scoring grounder , and the Mets pulled back ahead in the fourth on Reyes ' two - run single . Tulowitzki led off the sixth with a solo shot to left , Todd Helton added a one - out single and Ryan Spilborghs singled to right on a ball Beltran misplayed . Iannetta walked to load the bases for De La Rosa , who chopped a grounder to Brad Emaus at second	False
The Rockies tied it in the third on Dexter Fowler 's RBI single and Gonzalez 's run-scoring grounder , and the Mets pulled back ahead in the fourth on Reyes ' two - run single . Tulowitzki led off the sixth with a solo shot to left , Todd Helton added a one - out single and Ryan Spilborghs singled to right on a ball Beltran misplayed . Iannetta walked to load the bases for De La Rosa , who chopped a grounder to Brad Emaus at second . He fumbled the play and could only get the runner at second	False
The miscue , one of several by the Mets ' defense , proved costly . Fowler lashed a single through the left side to give Colorado a 5 - 4 lead and knock Chris Capuano ( 1 - 1 ) from the game . Taylor Buchholz then served up a plum pitch to Jonathan Herrera , who hit a three - run homer to right field , the second	False
Primarily a reliever throughout his career , Coke made his first start in the majors late in the 2010 season and was impressive enough to earn a spot in the Tigers ' rotation this year . Because of the schedule , Coke opened the year in Detroit 's bullpen when Leyland worked with a four - man rotation , but he 's been solid ever since . Coke ( 1 - 2 ) allowed only one Oakland runner past first base and retired 16 of the final 18 batters he faced . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth	True
Primarily a reliever throughout his career , Coke made his first start in the majors late in the 2010 season and was impressive enough to earn a spot in the Tigers ' rotation this year . Because of the schedule , Coke opened the year in Detroit 's bullpen when Leyland worked with a four - man rotation , but he 's been solid ever since . Coke ( 1 - 2 ) allowed only one Oakland runner past first base and retired 16 of the final 18 batters he faced . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Jose Valverde worked the ninth	True
It was a welcome performance for the Tigers , who were stymied by Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez for six innings before scoring three times against the A 's bullpen . Ramon Santiago had two hits and drove in a run on a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
The Tigers , who won their previous two games on walk-off hits , could n't get anything going against Gonzalez but broke through after he departed . Santiago greeted reliever Tyson Ross ( 1 - 1 ) with a sharp single to center and was sacrificed to second	False
The Tigers , who won their previous two games on walk-off hits , could n't get anything going against Gonzalez but broke through after he departed . Santiago greeted reliever Tyson Ross ( 1 - 1 ) with a sharp single to center and was sacrificed to second . After Casper Wells flew out to right , Raburn doubled hard off the wall in right-center . Santiago , who also singled in the fifth	True
Gonzalez gave up just two hits and extended his scoreless streak to 17 consecutive innings , but struggled with his control most of the game and matched his career high with six walks . Gonzalez also threw two wild pitches . A 15-game winner for Oakland in 2010 , Gonzalez still lowered his ERA to a stellar 0.47 before giving way to Ross in the seventh	True
A 15-game winner for Oakland in 2010 , Gonzalez still lowered his ERA to a stellar 0.47 before giving way to Ross in the seventh . After giving up Raburn 's RBI double in the seventh	True
A 15-game winner for Oakland in 2010 , Gonzalez still lowered his ERA to a stellar 0.47 before giving way to Ross in the seventh . After giving up Raburn 's RBI double in the seventh , Ross walked the first two batters in the eighth	False
After giving up Raburn 's RBI double in the seventh , Ross walked the first two batters in the eighth . Jeremy Blevins replaced Ross and promptly walked Brandon Inge to load the bases , then fell behind 3 - 0 to Santiago . Two pitches later , Santiago hit a sacrifice fly to left to score Jhonny Peralta . Oakland left fielder Josh Willingham threw to third base but no one was covering and the ball skipped into the A 's dugout . Brennan Boesch , who was at second	False
Chamberlain 's block of the plate in the eighth kept the Yankees within a run of the Orioles , and New York 's bats did the rest to complete a comeback from five runs down to beat Baltimore 6 - 5 in 10 innings Thursday night to sweep the rain-shortened series . Nick Swisher hit a sacrifice fly in the 10th	True
Chamberlain 's block of the plate in the eighth kept the Yankees within a run of the Orioles , and New York 's bats did the rest to complete a comeback from five runs down to beat Baltimore 6 - 5 in 10 innings Thursday night to sweep the rain-shortened series . Nick Swisher hit a sacrifice fly in the 10th off Michael Gonzalez ( 0 - 1 ) to earn the season 's first pie in the face for a game-ending hit , and Jorge Posada tied it in the ninth	False
Nick Swisher hit a sacrifice fly in the 10th off Michael Gonzalez ( 0 - 1 ) to earn the season 's first pie in the face for a game-ending hit , and Jorge Posada tied it in the ninth with his fifth homer of the season off Orioles closer Kevin Gregg . Gonzalez walked Mark Teixeira and gave up a double to Alex Rodriguez to start the 10th	True
Gonzalez walked Mark Teixeira and gave up a double to Alex Rodriguez to start the 10th . After Robinson Cano lined out to a drawn-in shortstop , Swisher hit a fly and Teixeira easily beat right fielder Nick Markakis ' throw home . Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a leadoff single in the 10th	True
Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a leadoff single in the 10th , but Derrek Lee grounded into a double play and Vladimir Guerrero grounded out . Chamberlain relieved Bartolo Colon in the eighth inning with runners on first	False
Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a leadoff single in the 10th , but Derrek Lee grounded into a double play and Vladimir Guerrero grounded out . Chamberlain relieved Bartolo Colon in the eighth inning with runners on first and third	False
Gregg 's meltdown spoiled a solid six - inning effort by Jake Arrieta and handed the Orioles their fourth straight loss after a 6 - 1 start . Baltimore built its early lead against Phil Hughes , who struggled once again . Rodriguez , who went 3 for 3 , doubled in the fifth	True
Rodriguez , who went 3 for 3 , doubled in the fifth for New York 's first hit against Arrieta and Cano followed with a double to pull New York to 5 - 1 . Teixeira hit an RBI double and Rodriguez added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Rodriguez , who went 3 for 3 , doubled in the fifth for New York 's first hit against Arrieta and Cano followed with a double to pull New York to 5 - 1 . Teixeira hit an RBI double and Rodriguez added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Martin had a run-scoring grounder off reliever Jason Berken in the seventh	False
Struggling with low velocity on his fastball , Hughes lasted just 4 1/3 innings after going only two innings against Boston in his last start and four in his first start of the season . He reached 92 mph twice in the first inning but was throwing consistently in the 88 - 89 mph range after the second	True
Struggling with low velocity on his fastball , Hughes lasted just 4 1/3 innings after going only two innings against Boston in his last start and four in his first start of the season . He reached 92 mph twice in the first inning but was throwing consistently in the 88 - 89 mph range after the second . Girardi said location was more important than speed . On Markakis ' two - run homer in the third	True
He reached 92 mph twice in the first inning but was throwing consistently in the 88 - 89 mph range after the second . Girardi said location was more important than speed . On Markakis ' two - run homer in the third , the pitch -- an 86 mph cutter -- was way off Martin 's target . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Luke Scott doubled and scored on Mark Reynolds ' drive that Curtis Granderson caught leaping into the wall in right-center for a 3 - 0 lead . Swisher crashed into the wall in right field catching a fly ball in the fourth	True
The Giants heightened security at AT & T Park in the wake of what happened -- as is standard practice when the Dodgers come to town anyway . Andre Ethier had a pair of run-scoring singles and Kemp also added an RBI single in the Dodgers ' four - run fifth	True
Andre Ethier had a pair of run-scoring singles and Kemp also added an RBI single in the Dodgers ' four - run fifth against Madison Bumgarner ( 0 - 2 ) , started by Barajas ' drive to left-center for his second homer of the year . Pat Burrell broke up Los Angeles ' shutout bid with a solo homer against Mike MacDougal leading off the ninth	True
Los Angeles ' top three hitters went a combined 6 for 11 with a walk over the first seven innings . The first seven batters reached base against Bumgarner in the fifth	True
Los Angeles ' top three hitters went a combined 6 for 11 with a walk over the first seven innings . The first seven batters reached base against Bumgarner in the fifth . Furcal was hurt after being called safe on a close play at third base by Todd Tichenor , a call-up umpire from the minor leagues . It was Furcal 's first stolen base but the injury was n't clear because he stayed in the game for two more defensive innings before Aaron Miles pinch-hit in the seventh	True
Los Angeles ' top three hitters went a combined 6 for 11 with a walk over the first seven innings . The first seven batters reached base against Bumgarner in the fifth . Furcal was hurt after being called safe on a close play at third base by Todd Tichenor , a call-up umpire from the minor leagues . It was Furcal 's first stolen base but the injury was n't clear because he stayed in the game for two more defensive innings before Aaron Miles pinch-hit in the seventh . The Dodgers made two outs on the bases in the fifth	True
Last season , he went 6 - 3 with a 1.91 ERA in 10 outings away from the Giants ' waterfront ballpark last season and 1/3 with a 4.60 ERA in eight starts at home . The Dodgers won five championships since coming to California in 1958 before the Giants got their first	False
The Athletics were a little aggressive early trying to get something going , and it cost them . Daric Barton tried to score from second base on a sharply hit single to left field by Josh Willingham , but Delmon Young 's throw beat Barton to the plate by 5 feet to end the inning . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , David DeJesus popped up to center field on a 3 - 0 pitch to end the inning , another sign that the A 's might be pressing a little bit early in the season . The Twins have n't exactly been an offensive juggernaut themselves , and they struggled again to generate much against another A 's lefty . Brett Anderson shut them down for seven innings Friday before the Twins scored two in the eighth	True
The Twins have n't exactly been an offensive juggernaut themselves , and they struggled again to generate much against another A 's lefty . Brett Anderson shut them down for seven innings Friday before the Twins scored two in the eighth to squeak out a 2 - 1 win . Gonzalez had them on ice Saturday night as well . The Twins hit just two balls out of the infield in the first four innings before leading off the fifth	True
But Gonzalez refocused , getting Casilla to ground out to the pitcher , Denard Span to pop out to shortstop and Joe Mauer to ground out to second base to escape unscathed . Mauer is hitting .231 this season , Justin Morneau is at .185 and Young is hitting .179 . The Athletics took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
But Gonzalez refocused , getting Casilla to ground out to the pitcher , Denard Span to pop out to shortstop and Joe Mauer to ground out to second base to escape unscathed . Mauer is hitting .231 this season , Justin Morneau is at .185 and Young is hitting .179 . The Athletics took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Suzuki singled and advanced to second	False
Camden Yards was n't close to full , but those in attendance stood as Britton walked from the mound to the dugout . The left-hander was aided by three double plays -- two of which came off the bat of Texas cleanup hitter Adrian Beltre . In the eighth	True
Markakis put Baltimore up 1 - 0 in the first inning with his first homer of the season , a drive to right on an 0 - 1 pitch . In the second	True
It was the first homer of the year for Reynolds , obtained in an offseason trade with Arizona . Baltimore added a run in the third	True
Baltimore added a run in the third when Vladimir Guerrero singled , Scott walked and Jones delivered an RBI single . Britton had a no-hitter through four innings and did n't permit a runner to get into scoring position until Yorvit Torrealba led off the sixth	True
Baltimore added a run in the third when Vladimir Guerrero singled , Scott walked and Jones delivered an RBI single . Britton had a no-hitter through four innings and did n't permit a runner to get into scoring position until Yorvit Torrealba led off the sixth with a double . Torrealba reached third	False
Vladimir Guerrero hit his first home run with the Orioles , who rebounded from deficits of 2 - 0 , 4 - 2 and 5 - 4 . Eager to add punch to an offense that last year ranked 13th	False
Alex Avila homered for the Tigers , who host Kansas City on Friday after going 2 - 4 on the road to open the season . Baltimore sent 10 batters to the plate against three Detroit pitchers in the seventh	True
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of one - hit relief for Baltimore . Avila , who had a homer and four RBIs on Wednesday night , again played a starring role for the Tigers . Besides hitting a fifth-inning homer , he began the seventh	True
The lead quickly vanished in the bottom half . After throwing six innings of no-hit ball on Saturday at Tampa Bay , Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up four runs and six hits over 4 2/3 innings in his follow-up performance . The contrast was evident at the outset , when Jackson , Detroit 's leadoff hitter , got the first	False
The lead quickly vanished in the bottom half . After throwing six innings of no-hit ball on Saturday at Tampa Bay , Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up four runs and six hits over 4 2/3 innings in his follow-up performance . The contrast was evident at the outset , when Jackson , Detroit 's leadoff hitter , got the first of four singles in a two - run first	True
After throwing six innings of no-hit ball on Saturday at Tampa Bay , Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up four runs and six hits over 4 2/3 innings in his follow-up performance . The contrast was evident at the outset , when Jackson , Detroit 's leadoff hitter , got the first of four singles in a two - run first . Baltimore pulled even in the second	True
After throwing six innings of no-hit ball on Saturday at Tampa Bay , Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up four runs and six hits over 4 2/3 innings in his follow-up performance . The contrast was evident at the outset , when Jackson , Detroit 's leadoff hitter , got the first of four singles in a two - run first . Baltimore pulled even in the second . After Guerrero homered to straightaway center , Jones beat out a bunt , stole second	False
Baltimore pulled even in the second . After Guerrero homered to straightaway center , Jones beat out a bunt , stole second and scored on a single by Reynolds . The Tigers went up 4 - 2 with a two - run fifth	True
The Tigers went up 4 - 2 with a two - run fifth . Avila got it started with a drive over the right-field wall , Will Rhymes walked with two outs and Brennan Boesch chased Tillman with a double to right-center . In the Baltimore sixth	True
MIAMI -- A grinning Donnie Murphy zigzagged near first base , trying to avoid being caught by a mob of jubilant Florida Marlins teammates , then gleefully heaved his helmet 40 feet in the air . It was a celebration long in coming . The Marlins endured nine innings of poor clutch hitting Tuesday before Murphy delivered a bases-loaded , two - out single in the 10th	True
The Nationals shared that sentiment after going 1 - for - 8 with runners in scoring position . Through four games , they 're batting .121 ( 4 - for - 33 ) in those situations . Omar Infante reached to start Florida 's 10th	True
Only a few thousand saw the finish . Marlins attendance has declined by at least 8,000 with each game this season , and Tuesday 's crowd was 10,482 . Edward Mujica ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
The Marlins ' starting lineup was again without cleanup hitter Mike Stanton , sidelined with a strained left hamstring . They 've scored nine runs in the three games he has missed . Stanton pinch-hit in the ninth	True
Stanton pinch-hit in the ninth and walked . Ryan Zimmerman hit his first home run to give the Nationals a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
But both teams were awful in RBI situations . Two Marlins pitchers walked the bases loaded for Washington in the seventh	True
Two Marlins pitchers walked the bases loaded for Washington in the seventh , but Wilson Ramos grounded out to end the inning . A baserunning mistake cost the Nationals a chance to take the lead in the eighth	True
Two Marlins pitchers walked the bases loaded for Washington in the seventh , but Wilson Ramos grounded out to end the inning . A baserunning mistake cost the Nationals a chance to take the lead in the eighth . With Jerry Hairston at first	False
Two Marlins pitchers walked the bases loaded for Washington in the seventh , but Wilson Ramos grounded out to end the inning . A baserunning mistake cost the Nationals a chance to take the lead in the eighth . With Jerry Hairston at first and two out , Werth doubled off the wall , but left fielder Morrison quickly got the ball back into the infield . Hairston took a big turn at third	False
CHICAGO -- Cubs reliever James Russell had a rough seventh inning . It was the eighth	True
CHICAGO -- Cubs reliever James Russell had a rough seventh inning . It was the eighth that caught his manager 's attention . Russell allowed two inherited runners to score in the seventh	True
Russell allowed two inherited runners to score in the seventh but he shut down the Arizona Diamondbacks in the eighth inning to help Chicago beat the Diamondbacks 6 - 5 Tuesday . Russell ( 1 - 0 ) worked 1 2/3 innings and gave up two hits while Sean Marshall closed out the ninth	True
Russell ( 1 - 0 ) worked 1 2/3 innings and gave up two hits while Sean Marshall closed out the ninth for his first save . Russell entered in the seventh	True
Russell entered in the seventh and struck out pinch-hitter Russell Branyan . He then gave up a single to Diamondbacks leadoff batter Willie Bloomquist that scored two and tied the game at 4 . After the Cubs went ahead 6 - 4 in the bottom half , Russell shut down the Diamondbacks in the eighth	True
Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson was disappointed his team could n't get more . The Cubs also had a solid outing from starter Andrew Cashner , a 2010 reliever making his first career start . Cashner worked 5 1/3 innings before leaving with one out in the sixth	True
Cashner , who is likely to have an MRI , shut down 11 of the first 12 batters he faced and gave up just one run on two hits -- including a third inning lead off homer to Ryan Roberts . Cubs centerfielder Marlon Byrd went 3 - for - 4 and drove in pinch-hitter Jeff Baker with a one - out double to left off Sam Demel ( 1 - 1 ) for a 5 - 4 lead in the bottom of the seventh	True
Diamondbacks reliever Joe Paterson came in and walked Tyler Colvin with the bases loaded to force in another run . The Cubs got key hits from Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro , who doubled home a run in the second	True
Diamondbacks reliever Joe Paterson came in and walked Tyler Colvin with the bases loaded to force in another run . The Cubs got key hits from Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro , who doubled home a run in the second , and Colvin . He broke out of a 1 - for - 9 slump with a two - run homer in the third	True
The Cubs got key hits from Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro , who doubled home a run in the second , and Colvin . He broke out of a 1 - for - 9 slump with a two - run homer in the third . The Diamondbacks , losers of three straight , erased a 4 - 1 deficit in the top of the seventh	False
`` The home run was a mistake . The first hitter of the game you do n't want to walk him .. .. It 's not the end of the world . A solo homer . You almost got to start the game over . '' Wells ( 1 - 0 ) outpitched Diamondbacks left-hander Joe Saunders ( 0 - 1 ) . Chicago got a homer and an RBI single from Alfonso Soriano , and Kerry Wood pitched out of a bases-loaded predicament in the eighth	True
His success comes from making sure he keeps the ball low . Chicago first baseman Carlos Pena , who drove home the go-ahead run in the fourth	True
His success comes from making sure he keeps the ball low . Chicago first baseman Carlos Pena , who drove home the go-ahead run in the fourth , had to leave the game for pinch-hitter Reed Johnson in the bottom of the eighth	True
`` So we 'll take a look at him tomorrow and see how he 's doing .. .. He just got his thumb bent back . '' Carlos Marmol , who blew a save in Sunday 's loss to the Pirates , pitched the ninth	True
`` So we 'll take a look at him tomorrow and see how he 's doing .. .. He just got his thumb bent back . '' Carlos Marmol , who blew a save in Sunday 's loss to the Pirates , pitched the ninth for his second	False
Carlos Marmol , who blew a save in Sunday 's loss to the Pirates , pitched the ninth for his second of the season . Saunders , who was supposed to pitch Sunday in Colorado before the game was postponed by a mix of rain and snow , also made it through six innings . He allowed five hits and two runs , including Soriano 's second homer of the season that tied it in the third	True
Byrd had reached on an infield single up the first base line when Saunders picked up the ball and flipped it awkwardly away from the bag . Aramis Ramirez singled and Geovany Soto worked a walk to load the bases . Arizona , which left 11 on base , threatened in the eighth	True
Burnett ( 1 - 0 ) carried that confidence into his first outing of the season . Working quickly and getting ahead , he pumped in 93 - 95 mph fastballs and kept the Tigers off stride with his curve and changeup . Burnett allowed three runs and five hits , working out of a jam in the fifth	True
Mariano Rivera retired Miguel Cabrera on a grounder with two on for his second save . Victor Martinez hit his first home run for the Tigers , a two - run shot off Luis Ayala in the eighth	True
Mariano Rivera retired Miguel Cabrera on a grounder with two on for his second save . Victor Martinez hit his first home run for the Tigers , a two - run shot off Luis Ayala in the eighth . Austin Jackson had a solo drive off Burnett in the third	True
Victor Martinez hit his first home run for the Tigers , a two - run shot off Luis Ayala in the eighth . Austin Jackson had a solo drive off Burnett in the third . Detroit opened the fifth	True
Detroit opened the fifth with three straight singles , and a run-scoring groundout by Will Rhymes cut it to 6 - 3 . Burnett struck out No . 3 hitter Magglio Ordonez on a breaking ball in the dirt to end the inning , and four relievers took it the rest of the way . Martin , coming off a strong Yankees debut in the season-opening win Thursday , drove a 2 - 2 pitch from left-hander Brad Thomas to left-center with two outs in the fifth	True
Martin , coming off a strong Yankees debut in the season-opening win Thursday , drove a 2 - 2 pitch from left-hander Brad Thomas to left-center with two outs in the fifth , making it 9 - 3 . Rodriguez homered to center leading off the sixth	True
Rodriguez homered to center leading off the sixth , a rude welcome for right-hander Brayan Villarreal , who was facing his first big league batter . Jeter , who has 2,928 hits , got the Yankees started with a single in their three - run first	True
Rodriguez homered to center leading off the sixth , a rude welcome for right-hander Brayan Villarreal , who was facing his first big league batter . Jeter , who has 2,928 hits , got the Yankees started with a single in their three - run first . He also scored on Teixeira 's three - run drive to right in the second	True
Yes , his team is seven games under .500 , but San Diego 's ace thinks the Padres are capable of making a second-half run in the National League West . Ryan Ludwick had an RBI single in the three - run seventh	True
Ludwick , who went 4 for 5 , has hit safely in 15 of 18 games , raising his batting average 77 points to .258 since May 10 . He finished the month with 23 RBIs . Bell survived a tough ninth	True
Ludwick , who went 4 for 5 , has hit safely in 15 of 18 games , raising his batting average 77 points to .258 since May 10 . He finished the month with 23 RBIs . Bell survived a tough ninth to earn his 14th	False
Ludwick , who went 4 for 5 , has hit safely in 15 of 18 games , raising his batting average 77 points to .258 since May 10 . He finished the month with 23 RBIs . Bell survived a tough ninth to earn his 14th in 15 chances . He retired pinch-hitter Joe Mather on a foul popup before walking Jordan Schafer and getting Martin Prado to fly out before Chipper Jones ' RBI single scored Schafer from second	False
Latos lowered his ERA 11 points to 3.97 and closed May with a 3 - 2 record and a 3.38 ERA . San Diego , which finished with 14 hits , took a 5 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Denorfia went 3 for 5 and scored two runs . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Denorfia went 3 for 5 and scored two runs . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double from Chase Headley that scored Jason Bartlett from first	False
San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double from Chase Headley that scored Jason Bartlett from first . Freddie Freeman put the Braves ahead 2 - 1 with a two - run double that scored McCann from second	False
San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double from Chase Headley that scored Jason Bartlett from first . Freddie Freeman put the Braves ahead 2 - 1 with a two - run double that scored McCann from second and Eric Hinske from first	False
Freddie Freeman put the Braves ahead 2 - 1 with a two - run double that scored McCann from second and Eric Hinske from first . Mike Minor ( 0 - 2 ) could n't hold a one - run lead in the fourth	True
Freddie Freeman put the Braves ahead 2 - 1 with a two - run double that scored McCann from second and Eric Hinske from first . Mike Minor ( 0 - 2 ) could n't hold a one - run lead in the fourth . Denorfia led off with a double , moved to third	False
Mike Minor ( 0 - 2 ) could n't hold a one - run lead in the fourth . Denorfia led off with a double , moved to third on Bartlett 's single and scored to make it 2 - 2 on Headley 's double-play groundout . Minor , who was optioned to Triple-A Gwinnett after the game , faced one batter in the seventh	True
In six innings , Minor allowed eight hits and three runs with three walks and four strikeouts . He dropped to 0 - 3 with a 7.23 ERA in his last seven starts , a span that began last Sept. 5 . Jones followed in the Braves ' seventh	True
In six innings , Minor allowed eight hits and three runs with three walks and four strikeouts . He dropped to 0 - 3 with a 7.23 ERA in his last seven starts , a span that began last Sept. 5 . Jones followed in the Braves ' seventh with an RBI single off San Diego 's first reliever , Luke Gregorson , to make it 5 - 3 . Left-hander Cory Luebke recorded the third	False
Pittsburgh got another fine outing from a starting pitcher , too . This time it was James McDonald , who gave up his only run on an infield dribbler . McDonald allowed five hits in six innings against New York 's depleted lineup before Evan Meek ( 1 - 1 ) worked a perfect seventh	True
Pittsburgh got another fine outing from a starting pitcher , too . This time it was James McDonald , who gave up his only run on an infield dribbler . McDonald allowed five hits in six innings against New York 's depleted lineup before Evan Meek ( 1 - 1 ) worked a perfect seventh . Jose Veras did the same in the eighth	True
Pirates starters have gone 12 consecutive games without allowing more than two earned runs . The banged-up Mets , meanwhile , reverted to their punchless ways at the plate . After totaling 16 runs and 32 hits over the previous two days , the only time they scored was on Jason Bay 's scratch single in the first	True
Missing injured sluggers David Wright and Ike Davis , New York has gone 10 games without a home run for the first time since 1979 . Dickey ( 2 - 6 ) did his best to make the lone run stand up . Knocked out of his previous start by an injury to his right foot , the 36-year-old knuckleballer struck out a career-high 10 and took a two - hit shutout into the eighth	True
But the right-hander grazed Jose Tabata on the elbow with a knuckler and , after a visit from pitching coach Dan Warthen , Harrison lined the next delivery past a diving Evans into right field for his first career RBI . Harrison advanced to second	False
Dickey said he exchanged text messages in the past few days with New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning , who had a similar injury . Brandon Wood replaced Harrison at third base in the bottom of the eighth	True
Dickey said he exchanged text messages in the past few days with New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning , who had a similar injury . Brandon Wood replaced Harrison at third base in the bottom of the eighth and looped a two - run single to left-center in the ninth	True
Johnson , with a double and triple , tied a franchise record with four extra-base hits . Justin Upton tied his career best by going 5 for 5 -- including a two - run homer into the upper deck -- and Montero matched his career high with five RBIs , including a three - run homer , as the Diamondbacks won for the 13th time in 14 games and 15th	False
Gerardo Parra hit the other of Arizona 's five home runs . Johnson , batting .429 in his last eight games after an awful start to the season , became the second player in the majors this year to have four extra-base hits in a game . He hit solo home runs in the third	True
Gerardo Parra hit the other of Arizona 's five home runs . Johnson , batting .429 in his last eight games after an awful start to the season , became the second player in the majors this year to have four extra-base hits in a game . He hit solo home runs in the third and sixth	True
Gerardo Parra hit the other of Arizona 's five home runs . Johnson , batting .429 in his last eight games after an awful start to the season , became the second player in the majors this year to have four extra-base hits in a game . He hit solo home runs in the third and sixth , doubled in the fourth	True
Gerardo Parra hit the other of Arizona 's five home runs . Johnson , batting .429 in his last eight games after an awful start to the season , became the second player in the majors this year to have four extra-base hits in a game . He hit solo home runs in the third and sixth , doubled in the fourth and tripled in the seventh	False
Johnson , batting .429 in his last eight games after an awful start to the season , became the second player in the majors this year to have four extra-base hits in a game . He hit solo home runs in the third and sixth , doubled in the fourth and tripled in the seventh . Johnson came up in the eighth	True
Saunders allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . Volstad gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings with two strikeouts and one walk . The Diamondbacks scored 10 straight runs after Gaby Sanchez 's two - run homer cut the Diamondbacks ' lead to 5 - 4 in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks scored 10 straight runs after Gaby Sanchez 's two - run homer cut the Diamondbacks ' lead to 5 - 4 in the fifth . The Diamondbacks broke it open with a five - run sixth	True
The Diamondbacks scored 10 straight runs after Gaby Sanchez 's two - run homer cut the Diamondbacks ' lead to 5 - 4 in the fifth . The Diamondbacks broke it open with a five - run sixth . After Johnson 's home run , Melvin Mora grounded to shortstop for the second	False
The Diamondbacks broke it open with a five - run sixth . After Johnson 's home run , Melvin Mora grounded to shortstop for the second out . Upton and Drew singled , then on a double steal , reliever Ryan Webb threw wild to third allowing a run to score . Young walked , then Montero 's opposite-field homer made it 11 - 4 . Upton 's towering home run into the tables in front of the Friday 's Front Row Sports Grill came off Mike Dunn in Arizona 's four - run seventh	True
Nady 's go-ahead double off Jeff Fulchino ( 1 - 3 ) gave the Diamondbacks their first lead and Juan Miranda followed with an RBI single for a two - run cushion . It was a comforting moment for Nady , since he struck out with the bases loaded in the first inning and took a called third strike in the fifth	True
Arizona 's rally spoiled a solid outing by Houston starter J. A. Happ , who hit his first major league home run . Happ allowed two hits over six innings . Aaron Heilman ( 4 - 0 ) struck out the side in the seventh	True
Aaron Heilman ( 4 - 0 ) struck out the side in the seventh for the victory . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
J. J. Putz pitched the ninth for his 16th straight save to start the season . It is the longest current streak in the major leagues . Happ walked the bases loaded with one out in the first inning but did n't allow a hit until Willie Bloomquist lined a single into center field with two outs in the fifth	True
Happ walked the bases loaded with one out in the first inning but did n't allow a hit until Willie Bloomquist lined a single into center field with two outs in the fifth . After loading the bases in the first	True
After loading the bases in the first , Happ retired the next 12 batters before Bloomquist 's hit . Happ hit a solo homer on the first pitch from Collmenter in the fifth inning , the first	False
Happ walked four and struck out eight . Collmenter pitched six innings , allowed four hits , walked one and struck out five . Collmenter did n't allow a hit until Jeff Keppinger led off the fourth	True
Happ walked four and struck out eight . Collmenter pitched six innings , allowed four hits , walked one and struck out five . Collmenter did n't allow a hit until Jeff Keppinger led off the fourth with a double into the left field corner . He went to third	False
WASHINGTON -- These days , five runs qualifies as an offensive outburst for the San Diego Padres . On Sunday , their fifth run came on a single that barely left the infield . It was just enough for a win . The Padres ' 5 - 4 win over the Washington Nationals was just their fourth	False
The Padres ' 5 - 4 win over the Washington Nationals was just their fourth in 12 games -- and the only time in that stretch they scored more than three runs . With Jorge Cantu on second	False
The Padres ' 5 - 4 win over the Washington Nationals was just their fourth in 12 games -- and the only time in that stretch they scored more than three runs . With Jorge Cantu on second and two outs in the ninth	True
The Padres ' 5 - 4 win over the Washington Nationals was just their fourth in 12 games -- and the only time in that stretch they scored more than three runs . With Jorge Cantu on second and two outs in the ninth , Ryan Ludwick hit a slow roller up the middle that Ian Desmond fielded in short center . It dribbled off his glove , and Cantu lumbered around third	False
Ludwick had three hits and two RBIs and Brad Hawpe had two hits and two RBIs . With the game tied at 4 in the ninth	True
Not everyone thought so . Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 1 ) , the third Padres pitcher , pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Heath Bell worked the ninth	True
Ever since the Nationals scored a franchise-record 17 runs against Baltimore on May 20 , they 've lost seven of eight and scored more than four runs just once . In the first	True
Ever since the Nationals scored a franchise-record 17 runs against Baltimore on May 20 , they 've lost seven of eight and scored more than four runs just once . In the first , Washington leadoff batter Roger Bernadina reached on an error by Hawpe at first	False
Ever since the Nationals scored a franchise-record 17 runs against Baltimore on May 20 , they 've lost seven of eight and scored more than four runs just once . In the first , Washington leadoff batter Roger Bernadina reached on an error by Hawpe at first . He stole second	False
Ever since the Nationals scored a franchise-record 17 runs against Baltimore on May 20 , they 've lost seven of eight and scored more than four runs just once . In the first , Washington leadoff batter Roger Bernadina reached on an error by Hawpe at first . He stole second and advanced to third	False
Yunesky Maya , recalled earlier Sunday by the Nationals , allowed just one hit in his first three innings . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , the Padres scored when Jason Bartlett led off with a double and scored on Ludwick 's single . In the fifth	True
In the fourth , the Padres scored when Jason Bartlett led off with a double and scored on Ludwick 's single . In the fifth , they scored three runs . Logan Forsythe led off with a single , pitcher Dustin Moseley bunted him to second	False
Maya who is winless in six career starts , pitched 4 2/3 innings , allowing four runs and six hits . He walked to and struck out three . The Nationals made it 4 - 3 in the fifth	True
Moseley pitched five innings , allowing three runs -- two earned . He walked one and struck out one . In the sixth	True
Shelley Duncan and Orlando Cabrera each had two RBIs , Carrasco pitched six solid innings and the Indians beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7 - 3 on Saturday . Duncan , who was pinch-hitting , and Cabrera both had two - run singles during the eighth	True
Slumping Rays All-Star third baseman Evan Longoria , moved from the middle of the lineup to leadoff , had two hits in four at-bats , including a homer . Manager Joe Maddon has taken that approach with struggling power hitters in the past and told Longoria to start having fun again . Longoria drew a two - out walk off Rafael Perez to load the bases in the ninth	True
Slumping Rays All-Star third baseman Evan Longoria , moved from the middle of the lineup to leadoff , had two hits in four at-bats , including a homer . Manager Joe Maddon has taken that approach with struggling power hitters in the past and told Longoria to start having fun again . Longoria drew a two - out walk off Rafael Perez to load the bases in the ninth . The Rays scored a run when first baseman Matt LaPorta was charged with an error after misplaying Johnny Damon 's grounder , but closer Chris Perez got his 14th save when Sean Rodriguez was tagged out during a rundown between third	False
Perez said he was mad at himself for being slow covering first base and was heading toward the mound when he heard his teammates start yelling . Longoria took most of the blame for the final out because he rounded second	False
Perez said he was mad at himself for being slow covering first base and was heading toward the mound when he heard his teammates start yelling . Longoria took most of the blame for the final out because he rounded second and was running toward third	False
The Indians went up 2 - 0 during a strange first inning that saw just five hitters bat even though the first four all got hits . Michael Brantley had a leadoff single and scored on a triple by Asdrubal Cabrera , who then was picked off third	False
Seattle handed Rivera ( 1 - 1 ) his first loss since Sept. 11 , 2010 against Texas in appearance No . 1,001 for the Yankees star . The Mariners are now in second-place in the AL West and have surged back from being seven games under .500 less than two weeks ago . Rivera 's inning started as most do , getting a broken bat grounder from Chone Figgins , before Justin Smoak blooped a single to left that Brett Gardner barely missed on a diving attempt . Cust then came up with the big blow , going the other way with a backdoor cutter that Rivera left up and dropping a double just inside the left field line . Smoak raced to third	False
Rivera thought it was a good pitch , but did n't make excuses afterward . Miguel Olivo drove in three runs for the Mariners , including a two - run double in the fourth	True
The attraction on this night was the chance to see Hernandez go for a fifth straight win against the Yankees . Last year , he was 3 - 0 and allowed one earned run versus New York . That total was matched in the second inning when Robinson Cano homered . Mark Teixeira gave New York a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run shot in the fourth	True
That total was matched in the second inning when Robinson Cano homered . Mark Teixeira gave New York a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run shot in the fourth after Hernandez failed to sneak a 2 - 0 fastball past the Yankees ' slugger . But Hernandez was still in line to get his sixth win of the season into the seventh	True
But Hernandez was still in line to get his sixth win of the season into the seventh before Suzuki 's mistake . Derek Jeter walked on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs and Granderson eventually worked a 3 - 2 count as well , then hit a fastball to deep right field . Suzuki raced back to the warning track and jumped at the wall , but misjudged the depth of Granderson 's hit and did n't need to jump . Suzuki whiffed and the ball bounded back into the field , Jeter scored and Granderson raced around to third	False
Suzuki raced back to the warning track and jumped at the wall , but misjudged the depth of Granderson 's hit and did n't need to jump . Suzuki whiffed and the ball bounded back into the field , Jeter scored and Granderson raced around to third . It stayed tied into the 12th	True
It stayed tied into the 12th , even though both teams had chances in the late inning and in extras . Seattle went to closer Brandon League to begin the 10th	True
Seattle went to closer Brandon League to begin the 10th and he started with groundouts by Granderson and Teixeira , before giving up consecutive singles by Alex Rodriguez and Cano to put runners at the corners with two outs . Russell Martin drove a 2 - 1 pitch to right-center field , but Suzuki was able to run it down to end the threat . Nick Swisher singled with one out in the 11th	True
Seattle went to closer Brandon League to begin the 10th and he started with groundouts by Granderson and Teixeira , before giving up consecutive singles by Alex Rodriguez and Cano to put runners at the corners with two outs . Russell Martin drove a 2 - 1 pitch to right-center field , but Suzuki was able to run it down to end the threat . Nick Swisher singled with one out in the 11th off reliever David Pauley ( 4 - 0 ) who got the win for the second straight night . Swisher was replaced by pinch-runner Chris Dickerson and advanced to second	False
Seattle went to closer Brandon League to begin the 10th and he started with groundouts by Granderson and Teixeira , before giving up consecutive singles by Alex Rodriguez and Cano to put runners at the corners with two outs . Russell Martin drove a 2 - 1 pitch to right-center field , but Suzuki was able to run it down to end the threat . Nick Swisher singled with one out in the 11th off reliever David Pauley ( 4 - 0 ) who got the win for the second straight night . Swisher was replaced by pinch-runner Chris Dickerson and advanced to second when Brett Gardner hit a liner back to the mound that Pauley knocked down and threw to first	False
It was Tim Wakefield 's knuckleball . The 44-year-old Red Sox right-hander held Chicago to four hits in 6 2/3 innings to help Boston beat the Cubs 5 - 1 on Sunday and send them home from with another lost series . It was Wakefield 's first win of the season and the 180th of his Red Sox career -- third	False
Boston took two out of three from Chicago and has now won eight of its last nine overall to all but erase the damage of its awful April and move one - half game behind the New York Yankees and Tampa Bay Rays in the AL East . Making his third start of the season , this one because of injuries to John Lackey and Daisuke Matsuzaka , Wakefield ( 1 - 1 ) had faced the minimum number of batters when he struck out Jeff Baker with what would have been the third	True
Baker reached safely when the ball got past catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia . That was just the third baserunner in the first six innings against Wakefield . Wakefield gave up a pair of doubles in the seventh	True
Baker reached safely when the ball got past catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia . That was just the third baserunner in the first six innings against Wakefield . Wakefield gave up a pair of doubles in the seventh for Chicago 's only run , struck out three and walked none before leaving with two out in the seventh	True
Still , with the advent of interleague play , it will be a much shorter wait before they return . Gonzalez singled to lead off the fourth	True
Still , with the advent of interleague play , it will be a much shorter wait before they return . Gonzalez singled to lead off the fourth , Kevin Youkilis walked and David Ortiz singled before back-to-back sacrifice flies by Jed Lowrie and Mike Cameron made it 2 - 0 . Saltalamacchia 's leadoff homer made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Gonzalez singled to lead off the fourth , Kevin Youkilis walked and David Ortiz singled before back-to-back sacrifice flies by Jed Lowrie and Mike Cameron made it 2 - 0 . Saltalamacchia 's leadoff homer made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . After Starlin Castro and Baker doubled to make it 3 - 1 and chase Wakefield in the seventh	True
The 22-year-old right-hander shut down the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sunday , allowing just one hit over eight innings as the Tigers ended a five - game losing streak with a 2 - 0 win . Porcello ( 4 - 2 ) took a no-hitter into the sixth	True
Porcello ( 4 - 2 ) took a no-hitter into the sixth before giving up Ronny Cedeno 's leadoff double . He struck out three and walked two in his first start in nearly two weeks . Despite cruising through eight innings on 84 pitches , Porcello was replaced in the ninth	True
Porcello 's previous start was wiped out by rain , but he hardly looked rusty . He kept the surging Pirates off balance all afternoon and even added a single during a rare plate appearance . Still , Pittsburgh managed to make it interesting in the ninth	True
Detroit was n't much better Sunday , but the way Porcello was dealing the Tigers , did n't have to be . Porcello hardly needed it . He retired the first nine batters he faced until walking McCutchen leading off the fourth	True
Detroit was n't much better Sunday , but the way Porcello was dealing the Tigers , did n't have to be . Porcello hardly needed it . He retired the first nine batters he faced until walking McCutchen leading off the fourth . McCutchen stole second	False
Detroit was n't much better Sunday , but the way Porcello was dealing the Tigers , did n't have to be . Porcello hardly needed it . He retired the first nine batters he faced until walking McCutchen leading off the fourth . McCutchen stole second but was stranded at third	False
Porcello hardly needed it . He retired the first nine batters he faced until walking McCutchen leading off the fourth . McCutchen stole second but was stranded at third when Walker struck out to end the inning . Pittsburgh 's only serious threat came after Cedeno finally broke through in the sixth	True
Porcello hardly needed it . He retired the first nine batters he faced until walking McCutchen leading off the fourth . McCutchen stole second but was stranded at third when Walker struck out to end the inning . Pittsburgh 's only serious threat came after Cedeno finally broke through in the sixth . He moved to third	False
Not that he showed any compassion . The two - time NL Cy Young Award winner allowed Ryan Sweeney 's two - out single in the first	True
San Francisco needed every last bit of from its ace , too . Buster Posey had two hits and drove in the only run against starter Brett Anderson ( 2 - 4 ) , who left after giving up five hits in five innings to the defending World Series champions . Cody Ross added an RBI single and Miguel Tejada had a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
The man they call The Freak lived up to his nickname in every facet . After allowing seven runs and walking six in a 7 - 4 loss at Colorado in his last start , Lincecum labored through a 24-pitch first inning before finding his groove . Sweeney sent a grounder on the ninth pitch just out of reach of diving second baseman Freddy Sanchez , the only Oakland baserunner until Landon Powell 's two - out single in the eighth	True
Even for Lincecum , this was simply dazzling . Lincecum sparkled with his best performance of the season , shattering bats , baffling hitters and popping Posey 's glove with a wicked breaking ball and a fastball that touched 96 mph with his adrenaline pumping the ninth	True
Lincecum sparkled with his best performance of the season , shattering bats , baffling hitters and popping Posey 's glove with a wicked breaking ball and a fastball that touched 96 mph with his adrenaline pumping the ninth . His combination of sliders , curves , change-ups and fastballs kept hitters off balance , and his composure never wavered . After David DeJesus led off the ninth	True
All the cushion Lincecum would need came early . Andres Torres got things started for the Giants with a leadoff walk in the first	True
All the cushion Lincecum would need came early . Andres Torres got things started for the Giants with a leadoff walk in the first . Sanchez followed with a double , and Posey 's groundout to second	False
Andres Torres got things started for the Giants with a leadoff walk in the first . Sanchez followed with a double , and Posey 's groundout to second was hit slow enough to score Torres and give San Francisco a 1 - 0 lead . A night after a trio of solid defensive plays , the Giants were sharp again in the field . Torres made a diving catch in center in the fourth	True
Even the smallest of plays would prove big with runs so scarce . Aubrey Huff tried to score from first	False
Even the smallest of plays would prove big with runs so scarce . Aubrey Huff tried to score from first on Mike Fontenot 's double in the sixth	True
Aubrey Huff tried to score from first on Mike Fontenot 's double in the sixth , getting thrown out at the plate on second baseman Mark Ellis ' relay throw from short right field . They finally gave Lincecum some extra protection in the eighth	True
Juan Miranda doubled twice and drove in three runs for Arizona . Gerardo Parra had a pair of bunt singles , one of them driving in a run . J. J. Putz threw a scoreless ninth	True
J. J. Putz threw a scoreless ninth for his 11th save in 11 tries , the longest string of consecutive saves to start a season in franchise history . Aaron Heilman ( 3 - 0 ) was the winner . Capps , Minnesota 's closer , entered the game in the eighth	True
The injury ruined the plans Gardenhire had laid out for pitching that inning . Miranda 's second double of the night brought in Arizona 's first two runs of the eighth	True
Miranda 's second double of the night brought in Arizona 's first two runs of the eighth . Parra followed with a bunt single over Valencia 's head at third base , then Roberts singled to load the bases for Johnson . Minnesota led 6 - 3 after scoring twice when the Diamondbacks committed two errors on the same play in the eighth	True
Minnesota led 6 - 3 after scoring twice when the Diamondbacks committed two errors on the same play in the eighth . The first	False
The first was charged to right fielder Justin Upton on a throw home that was off the mark as one runner scored on Valencia 's single . Heilman , backing up the play , threw wild to second trying to catch Valencia advancing . Shortstop Stephen Drew threw home after that but Michael Cuddyer was called safe on a close play . Valencia 's bare-handed play on a ground ball helped the Twins to hold on after the Diamondbacks scored two in the sixth	True
Pineda ( 6 - 2 ) and relievers David Pauley and Jamey Wright combined to four - hit the Padres and strike out 13 . It was Seattle 's fifth shutout of the season and its 26th in interleague play , the most by any team since the AL and NL began playing each other in 1997 . Pineda frustrated the Padres with his fastball and slider . Since the game was in an NL ballpark , he also had to hit for the first time . He put the ball in play twice , reaching on an error on Padres starter Clayton Richard in the second	True
Pineda ( 6 - 2 ) and relievers David Pauley and Jamey Wright combined to four - hit the Padres and strike out 13 . It was Seattle 's fifth shutout of the season and its 26th in interleague play , the most by any team since the AL and NL began playing each other in 1997 . Pineda frustrated the Padres with his fastball and slider . Since the game was in an NL ballpark , he also had to hit for the first time . He put the ball in play twice , reaching on an error on Padres starter Clayton Richard in the second and a fielder 's choice in the sixth	True
Pineda frustrated the Padres with his fastball and slider . Since the game was in an NL ballpark , he also had to hit for the first time . He put the ball in play twice , reaching on an error on Padres starter Clayton Richard in the second and a fielder 's choice in the sixth , a play in which Brendan Ryan was caught in a rundown but eventually led to the Mariners scoring their final run . As Ryan was caught in a rundown between third	False
Pineda frustrated the Padres with his fastball and slider . Since the game was in an NL ballpark , he also had to hit for the first time . He put the ball in play twice , reaching on an error on Padres starter Clayton Richard in the second and a fielder 's choice in the sixth , a play in which Brendan Ryan was caught in a rundown but eventually led to the Mariners scoring their final run . As Ryan was caught in a rundown between third and home , Jack Wilson took third	False
Pineda frustrated the Padres with his fastball and slider . Since the game was in an NL ballpark , he also had to hit for the first time . He put the ball in play twice , reaching on an error on Padres starter Clayton Richard in the second and a fielder 's choice in the sixth , a play in which Brendan Ryan was caught in a rundown but eventually led to the Mariners scoring their final run . As Ryan was caught in a rundown between third and home , Jack Wilson took third and Pineda advanced to second	False
The Mariners won their fourth straight game . Jack Wilson had two hits , an RBI and scored a run . The Mariners frustrated the light-hitting Padres for the second straight night . After Erik Bedard allowed only three singles while striking out nine in Friday night 's 4 - 1 win , Pineda allowed only a double to Orlando Hudson in the second	True
The Mariners won their fourth straight game . Jack Wilson had two hits , an RBI and scored a run . The Mariners frustrated the light-hitting Padres for the second straight night . After Erik Bedard allowed only three singles while striking out nine in Friday night 's 4 - 1 win , Pineda allowed only a double to Orlando Hudson in the second and a single by pinch-hitter Eric Patterson in the sixth	True
The Mariners won their fourth straight game . Jack Wilson had two hits , an RBI and scored a run . The Mariners frustrated the light-hitting Padres for the second straight night . After Erik Bedard allowed only three singles while striking out nine in Friday night 's 4 - 1 win , Pineda allowed only a double to Orlando Hudson in the second and a single by pinch-hitter Eric Patterson in the sixth . The big right-hander struck out the side in his last inning , the seventh	True
The Mariners frustrated the light-hitting Padres for the second straight night . After Erik Bedard allowed only three singles while striking out nine in Friday night 's 4 - 1 win , Pineda allowed only a double to Orlando Hudson in the second and a single by pinch-hitter Eric Patterson in the sixth . The big right-hander struck out the side in his last inning , the seventh , the third time in his nine big league starts that he 's struck out nine . He has n't allowed a run during his last 14 innings in his last two starts . Pauley struck out the side in the eighth	True
The Mariners frustrated the light-hitting Padres for the second straight night . After Erik Bedard allowed only three singles while striking out nine in Friday night 's 4 - 1 win , Pineda allowed only a double to Orlando Hudson in the second and a single by pinch-hitter Eric Patterson in the sixth . The big right-hander struck out the side in his last inning , the seventh , the third time in his nine big league starts that he 's struck out nine . He has n't allowed a run during his last 14 innings in his last two starts . Pauley struck out the side in the eighth and Wright struck out Will Venable leading off the ninth	True
Pauley struck out the side in the eighth and Wright struck out Will Venable leading off the ninth , making it seven straight Padres to go down on strikes . Wright allowed two straight singles before getting the final two outs . The Padres had only one runner reach third	False
Pauley struck out the side in the eighth and Wright struck out Will Venable leading off the ninth , making it seven straight Padres to go down on strikes . Wright allowed two straight singles before getting the final two outs . The Padres had only one runner reach third . Chase Headley walked leading off the fourth	True
Pauley struck out the side in the eighth and Wright struck out Will Venable leading off the ninth , making it seven straight Padres to go down on strikes . Wright allowed two straight singles before getting the final two outs . The Padres had only one runner reach third . Chase Headley walked leading off the fourth , stole second	False
The Padres had only one runner reach third . Chase Headley walked leading off the fourth , stole second and advanced on Ryan Ludwick 's fly out before being stranded . The Mariners had three straight singles with one out in the second	True
The Mariners had three straight singles with one out in the second against Richard ( 2 - 5 ) , including Mike Wilson 's base hit to bring in the game 's first run . Jack Wilson followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . After Brendan Ryan was hit by a pitch with one out in the fourth	True
Erik Bedard struck out nine and allowed three singles in eight innings , and Miguel Olivo homered to lead the Mariners to a 4 - 1 win over the punchless Padres on Friday night . Left fielder Carlos Peguero made a spectacular catch at the wall to rob Jorge Cantu of a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Erik Bedard struck out nine and allowed three singles in eight innings , and Miguel Olivo homered to lead the Mariners to a 4 - 1 win over the punchless Padres on Friday night . Left fielder Carlos Peguero made a spectacular catch at the wall to rob Jorge Cantu of a two - run homer in the seventh , then Seattle doubled Ryan Ludwick off first	False
Bedard last pitched Saturday , when he recorded two outs before the game at Cleveland was rained out . Wedge said he had no problem with Bedard going out for the ninth	True
San Diego has scored just five runs in its last four games , three of them at Petco Park , after scoring 45 runs in its previous five . The Padres are 8 - 16 at home , worst in the big leagues . Olivo , who was with the Padres in 2005 , homered to left-center with one out in the sixth	True
San Diego has scored just five runs in its last four games , three of them at Petco Park , after scoring 45 runs in its previous five . The Padres are 8 - 16 at home , worst in the big leagues . Olivo , who was with the Padres in 2005 , homered to left-center with one out in the sixth , his third	False
San Diego has scored just five runs in its last four games , three of them at Petco Park , after scoring 45 runs in its previous five . The Padres are 8 - 16 at home , worst in the big leagues . Olivo , who was with the Padres in 2005 , homered to left-center with one out in the sixth , his third . In the fourth	True
Olivo , who was with the Padres in 2005 , homered to left-center with one out in the sixth , his third . In the fourth , he hit a leadoff double into the same area , with the ball bouncing into the stands . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead with two outs in the second	True
Pittsburgh has given the defending NL Central champions a tough time so far this season , winning five of their past six games . Last year , the Reds took the season series 10 - 6 . The Pirates ' starters gave up one run and 12 hits in 15 2/3 innings during the series . Jay Bruce led off the second	True
The Pirates ' starters gave up one run and 12 hits in 15 2/3 innings during the series . Jay Bruce led off the second with a homer off McDonald , a drive to center that made an impact . Joey Votto singled home a run in the eighth	True
The Pirates ' starters gave up one run and 12 hits in 15 2/3 innings during the series . Jay Bruce led off the second with a homer off McDonald , a drive to center that made an impact . Joey Votto singled home a run in the eighth off Joe Beimel . Bruce hit another solo homer in the ninth	True
He walked two in the second inning , when the Pirates loaded the bases with one out . Ronny Cedeno took a called third strike on a full-count breaking ball that was right down the middle , and McDonald flied out to end the threat . Through two innings , Cueto threw 44 pitches -- 20 of them out of the strike zone . Cueto got into trouble again after retiring the first two batters to open the fifth	True
It was a pleasing rally for the Pirates , who had struggled to hit with runners in scoring position lately . Doumit led off the sixth	True
It was a pleasing rally for the Pirates , who had struggled to hit with runners in scoring position lately . Doumit led off the sixth with his fourth homer off reliever Jordan Smith . McCutchen doubled home a run in the eighth	True
Adam Kennedy and Carlos Peguero hit consecutive home runs in the sixth inning . It was first time Seattle had back-to-back homers since Aug. 16 , 2010 , when Russell Branyan and Jose Lopez connected at Baltimore . Kennedy had two hits and two RBIs , the second	False
Adam Kennedy and Carlos Peguero hit consecutive home runs in the sixth inning . It was first time Seattle had back-to-back homers since Aug. 16 , 2010 , when Russell Branyan and Jose Lopez connected at Baltimore . Kennedy had two hits and two RBIs , the second of which drove in Brendan Ryan from third	False
`` When I get into trouble , I try to slow things down , stay calm and keep my pitches down . '' Focusing on catcher Miguel Olivo 's glove , he threw a hard slider , down and away , to Michael Cuddyer . He hit it hard , caroming off Pineda 's thigh and right to second baseman Kennedy . He flipped to second	False
The Twins scored their two runs in the ninth primarily because of Mariners miscues . Kubel reached on an error by Kennedy . With one out , Cuddyer singled , sending Kubel to third	False
Kubel reached on an error by Kennedy . With one out , Cuddyer singled , sending Kubel to third . Delmon Young followed with a potential double-play grounder to third baseman Chone Figgins but his throw to second sailed into right field , scoring Kubel . Cuddyer then scored on Danny Valencia 's groundout . The Mariners jumped on Baker with a two - out run in the first	True
The Mariners jumped on Baker with a two - out run in the first . Figgins reached on a one - out infield single . Smoak struck out then Jack Cust bounced a double off the right-field wall to score Figgins . They added a third-inning run in similar fashion . With Ichiro Suzuki on first	False
Chicago is still nine games behind first-place Cleveland in the AL Central but the outlook is a lot more optimistic than it once was . Omar Vizquel had an RBI double during a four - run second inning and Phil Humber ( 3 - 3 ) pitched well into the seventh	True
The biggest came when Crisp tried a rare straight steal of home , a play that had the White Sox clubhouse buzzing long after the game ended . Crisp led off the inning with a single , stole second	False
The biggest came when Crisp tried a rare straight steal of home , a play that had the White Sox clubhouse buzzing long after the game ended . Crisp led off the inning with a single , stole second and went to third	False
Humber gave up three runs and six hits in six - plus innings , the fourth straight solid outing by the right-hander . He did n't walk a batter for the first time in seven starts this season . Sergio Santos worked the ninth	True
Sergio Santos worked the ninth for his fourth save in four chances . Humber , claimed off waivers from Oakland in January , had his only bad inning in the seventh	True
Humber , claimed off waivers from Oakland in January , had his only bad inning in the seventh when the A 's chased him with four consecutive singles . Humber 's wild pitch with the bases loaded scored Ryan Sweeney from third	False
Humber 's wild pitch with the bases loaded scored Ryan Sweeney from third , and David DeJesus ' second hit of the night , a soft single to right , drove in Hideki Matsui . Jesse Crain struck out Mark Ellis , then gave up a sacrifice fly to Kevin Kouzmanoff that cut the White Sox lead to 4 - 3 . Crain avoided further damage by picking off DeJesus at first	False
Oakland starter Brandon McCarthy had control problems in the second inning when the White Sox scored four times . He gave up a leadoff single to Paul Konerko , then issued back-to-back walks to load the bases . Alex Rios ' grounder scored one run and Vizquel followed with an RBI double . Gordon Beckham 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 , and after Juan Pierre reached on an infield single , McCarthy threw wildly to first	False
Oakland starter Brandon McCarthy had control problems in the second inning when the White Sox scored four times . He gave up a leadoff single to Paul Konerko , then issued back-to-back walks to load the bases . Alex Rios ' grounder scored one run and Vizquel followed with an RBI double . Gordon Beckham 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 , and after Juan Pierre reached on an infield single , McCarthy threw wildly to first on a pickoff attempt . The ball rolled into Chicago 's bullpen as Vizquel raced in from third	False
`` I think I put them in the fire , did n't I ? '' Manuel asked . Another young reliever , 23-year-old Vance Worley , pitched a scoreless eighth	True
`` I think I put them in the fire , did n't I ? '' Manuel asked . Another young reliever , 23-year-old Vance Worley , pitched a scoreless eighth before veteran Ryan Madson pitched the ninth	False
Uggla gave Stutes and the Phillies a scare when he hit a long fly ball foul before striking out . With pinch-runner Jason Heyward on second base in the ninth	True
With pinch-runner Jason Heyward on second base in the ninth , Madson struck out Uggla to end the game . Howard led off the eighth	True
Braves reliever Cristhian Martinez retired all 12 batters he faced and had a two - run double . He took over for Brandon Beachy , who left with a left oblique injury after two innings . Beachy said was injured when he struck out swinging in the bottom of the second inning . He was pulled during his warm-up tosses before the third	True
Howard 's three - run homer in the first drove in Shane Victorino and Placido Polanco , who had singles . Martinez had four strikeouts . He delivered the surprise of the night when he drove in two runs with a double off Cole Hamels in the fifth	True
Martinez had four strikeouts . He delivered the surprise of the night when he drove in two runs with a double off Cole Hamels in the fifth for the first hit and RBIs of his career . The double , which drove in Alex Gonzalez and Mather , tied the game at 3 . With two outs in the sixth	True
Martinez had four strikeouts . He delivered the surprise of the night when he drove in two runs with a double off Cole Hamels in the fifth for the first hit and RBIs of his career . The double , which drove in Alex Gonzalez and Mather , tied the game at 3 . With two outs in the sixth , Gonzalez singled and moved to third	False
With two outs in the sixth , Gonzalez singled and moved to third on Mather 's double . With pinch-hitter Diory Hernandez at the plate , Hamels threw a wild pitch , allowing Gonzalez to score for a 4 - 3 lead . The Phillies pulled even in the seventh	True
O'Flaherty and McCann began to leave the field on what they believed was a called third strike on Victorino , but umpire David Rackley called the pitch a ball . Victorino then tied it with his single to center , leaving McCann complaining to the umpire . Chipper Jones had a run-scoring single in the first	True
Ryan made a winner out of Hernandez with a two - out RBI single up the middle in the ninth inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Friday night . Always showing his emotions on the mound , Hernandez was furious with himself after giving up a tying home run to Carlos Quentin leading off the seventh	True
Ryan made a winner out of Hernandez with a two - out RBI single up the middle in the ninth inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Friday night . Always showing his emotions on the mound , Hernandez was furious with himself after giving up a tying home run to Carlos Quentin leading off the seventh . He smacked his glove in excitement after striking out Alex Rios to end the ninth	True
Always showing his emotions on the mound , Hernandez was furious with himself after giving up a tying home run to Carlos Quentin leading off the seventh . He smacked his glove in excitement after striking out Alex Rios to end the ninth , then was in the middle of the celebration after Ryan 's single . Hernandez ( 4 - 2 ) tossed his second complete game of the season and the 15th	False
Hernandez ( 4 - 2 ) tossed his second complete game of the season and the 15th of his career , striking out six and giving up five hits . He was brilliant early , retiring the first nine in order on just 30 pitches , then overcame his own mistakes to give Seattle 's bats a chance at the end . Seattle squandered plenty of chances before the ninth inning arrived , having left runners in scoring position in the third	True
Hernandez ( 4 - 2 ) tossed his second complete game of the season and the 15th of his career , striking out six and giving up five hits . He was brilliant early , retiring the first nine in order on just 30 pitches , then overcame his own mistakes to give Seattle 's bats a chance at the end . Seattle squandered plenty of chances before the ninth inning arrived , having left runners in scoring position in the third , sixth	True
Seattle squandered plenty of chances before the ninth inning arrived , having left runners in scoring position in the third , sixth and eighth innings . Jack Cust started the rally with a one - out single off Chicago 's Matt Thornton ( 0 - 3 ) and Jack Wilson followed with another hit just over the glove of leaping second baseman Gordon Beckham . Adam Kennedy came on as a pinch runner for Cust and Michael Saunders hit a fly ball deep enough to move Kennedy to third	False
Ryan , who snapped an 0 - for - 21 skid on Thursday night , then lined a 1 - 0 pitch past Beckham 's diving attempt to score the winning run . Seattle has won eight of 10 and is back within a game of .500 . Ryan also came through on the defensive side when Hernandez faced a jam in the eighth	True
Ryan , who snapped an 0 - for - 21 skid on Thursday night , then lined a 1 - 0 pitch past Beckham 's diving attempt to score the winning run . Seattle has won eight of 10 and is back within a game of .500 . Ryan also came through on the defensive side when Hernandez faced a jam in the eighth . Beckham led off the inning with a double into the left-field corner and was at third	False
Ryan , who snapped an 0 - for - 21 skid on Thursday night , then lined a 1 - 0 pitch past Beckham 's diving attempt to score the winning run . Seattle has won eight of 10 and is back within a game of .500 . Ryan also came through on the defensive side when Hernandez faced a jam in the eighth . Beckham led off the inning with a double into the left-field corner and was at third with one out . Alexei Ramirez hit a two - hopper to Ryan at shortstop and immediately turned to third	False
Ryan also came through on the defensive side when Hernandez faced a jam in the eighth . Beckham led off the inning with a double into the left-field corner and was at third with one out . Alexei Ramirez hit a two - hopper to Ryan at shortstop and immediately turned to third where Beckham was caught too far off the bag . He was eventually tagged out in a rundown . Hernandez did n't make it easy by walking Adam Dunn , but got Paul Konerko to tap back to the mound to end the inning , then retired the side in order in the ninth	False
Ibanez snapped an 0 - for - 35 slump with two doubles on Tuesday and is now 5 - for - 7 since the skid . Ibanez gave Philadelphia a 1 - 0 lead when he connected on the first pitch from Marquis in the fifth	True
The Phillies added two more runs in the inning on Shane Victorino 's RBI single and Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . Adam LaRoche hit an RBI double to cut Washington 's deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
The Phillies added two more runs in the inning on Shane Victorino 's RBI single and Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . Adam LaRoche hit an RBI double to cut Washington 's deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth , but Philadelphia chased Marquis with four runs in the sixth	True
Wilson Valdez and Jimmy Rollins had RBI singles in the inning . Victorino drove in a run on a fielder 's choice grounder and another scored on shortstop Ian Desmond 's throwing error . Danny Espinosa hit a three - run shot off Danys Baez with two outs in the ninth	True
On a chilly night at the ballpark , a crowd of 44,123 made it 152 straight sellouts in Philadelphia , including postseason play . Nationals manager Jim Riggleman was ejected in the fourth	True
Nationals manager Jim Riggleman was ejected in the fourth when he came out after LaRoche was upset with a called third strike . LaRoche dropped his bat at the plate and had a few words for umpire Alfonso Marquez , so Riggleman left the dugout and got the quick ejection . J. C. Romero pitched a scoreless seventh	True
DeJesus ' two solo shots handed Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 1 ) his first loss of the year . They were two of just four hits in the game for the offensively challenged Athletics , and all they needed behind their ace . Cahill ( 5 - 0 ) gave up five hits and three walks in seven innings and never had any serious jams . He struck out five and matched his career-high with 116 pitches . Grant Balfour allowed only a walk in the ninth	True
`` And once they get going , we can make our run . '' Tomlin struck out five and walked none in 7 2/3 innings . He did n't allow a baserunner besides DeJesus until Mark Ellis reached on an error in the eighth	True
DeJesus broke out of his slump with his first long ball that just cleared the right-field wall in the first inning . That snapped a 55-game streak without a home run for DeJesus that dated to last season , the second-longest of his career . After the Indians evened the score on Travis Hafner 's two - out RBI single in the third	True
The Indians have surprisingly been off to one of baseball 's best starts this season and could have equaled their best start in franchise history through 29 games had they won another . The only time they began a season 21 - 8 was in 1920 . The only serious threat the Indians mounted off Cahill came in the third	True
In his previous start , he lasted three innings in an 8 - 2 loss to Tampa Bay . The shutout lowered his ERA for the season to 6.61 . Liriano , 3 - 0 against the White Sox last season , walked Pierre leading off the first	True
In his previous start , he lasted three innings in an 8 - 2 loss to Tampa Bay . The shutout lowered his ERA for the season to 6.61 . Liriano , 3 - 0 against the White Sox last season , walked Pierre leading off the first and Carlos Quentin with one out in the second	True
In his previous start , he lasted three innings in an 8 - 2 loss to Tampa Bay . The shutout lowered his ERA for the season to 6.61 . Liriano , 3 - 0 against the White Sox last season , walked Pierre leading off the first and Carlos Quentin with one out in the second , but both were erased on double plays . Chicago put two on in the fourth	True
Liriano , 3 - 0 against the White Sox last season , walked Pierre leading off the first and Carlos Quentin with one out in the second , but both were erased on double plays . Chicago put two on in the fourth , and center fielder Denard Span raced into left-center to grab Quentin 's long drive . With two outs in the seventh	True
Liriano , 3 - 0 against the White Sox last season , walked Pierre leading off the first and Carlos Quentin with one out in the second , but both were erased on double plays . Chicago put two on in the fourth , and center fielder Denard Span raced into left-center to grab Quentin 's long drive . With two outs in the seventh , third baseman Danny Valencia went behind the bag and into foul territory to grab Quentin 's hard hopper and then made a strong throw to first	False
With two outs in the seventh , third baseman Danny Valencia went behind the bag and into foul territory to grab Quentin 's hard hopper and then made a strong throw to first . Minnesota turned its third double play in the eighth	True
Minnesota turned its third double play in the eighth , when Morneau took an offline throw from second baseman Casilla and umpire Paul Emmel called Gordon Beckham out -- replays appeared to show Morneau missed the tag . Ramirez hit two of the hardest balls off Liriano . He lined out to third	False
Minnesota turned its third double play in the eighth , when Morneau took an offline throw from second baseman Casilla and umpire Paul Emmel called Gordon Beckham out -- replays appeared to show Morneau missed the tag . Ramirez hit two of the hardest balls off Liriano . He lined out to third in the first	True
Minnesota turned its third double play in the eighth , when Morneau took an offline throw from second baseman Casilla and umpire Paul Emmel called Gordon Beckham out -- replays appeared to show Morneau missed the tag . Ramirez hit two of the hardest balls off Liriano . He lined out to third in the first and sent a liner foul past third	False
Minnesota turned its third double play in the eighth , when Morneau took an offline throw from second baseman Casilla and umpire Paul Emmel called Gordon Beckham out -- replays appeared to show Morneau missed the tag . Ramirez hit two of the hardest balls off Liriano . He lined out to third in the first and sent a liner foul past third in the sixth	True
Owner Bob Castellini visited manager Dusty Baker 's office after the game , offering encouragement . The Astros sent 10 batters to the plate in the fourth	True
A visit at the mound with catcher Miguel Montero produced an agreed-upon first-pitch slider , and the plan worked . Manager Kirk Gibson 's game plan also included being aggressive on the basepaths . Montero going from first	False
A visit at the mound with catcher Miguel Montero produced an agreed-upon first-pitch slider , and the plan worked . Manager Kirk Gibson 's game plan also included being aggressive on the basepaths . Montero going from first to third	False
Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 4 ) pitched seven solid innings won his second straight start after allowing three runs against Philadelphia April 26 . He gave up three runs and eight hits . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the fourth inning on a balk , sacrifice bunt and wild pitch . Cubs starter Casey Coleman balked home the first run with Montero on third	False
Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 4 ) pitched seven solid innings won his second straight start after allowing three runs against Philadelphia April 26 . He gave up three runs and eight hits . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the fourth inning on a balk , sacrifice bunt and wild pitch . Cubs starter Casey Coleman balked home the first run with Montero on third . Then , with runners at first	False
Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 4 ) pitched seven solid innings won his second straight start after allowing three runs against Philadelphia April 26 . He gave up three runs and eight hits . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the fourth inning on a balk , sacrifice bunt and wild pitch . Cubs starter Casey Coleman balked home the first run with Montero on third . Then , with runners at first and third	False
Coleman ( 1 - 2 ) allowed four runs and four hits in five innings . Trailing 4 - 1 , the Cubs rallied in the seventh	True
Trailing 4 - 1 , the Cubs rallied in the seventh as Geovany Soto had a two - run double after Marlon Byrd singled and Pena walked . Soto was left stranded at third	False
Soto was left stranded at third , as Hudson retired pinch-hitter Tyler Colvin on a comebacker to the mound . Alfonso Soriano led off the second inning with a double , then eventually scored on a groundout by Pena . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 with Roberts ' sixth home run of the season in the bottom of the second	True
Matt LaPorta added a sacrifice fly for his third RBI and a 5 - 3 lead as Cleveland extended its best home start in 70 years . The Indians are 13 - 2 at home for the first time since 1941 . They did n't get their 13th home win a year ago until June 28 . Chad Durbin ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced , Brandon Inge , to end the eighth	True
Matt LaPorta added a sacrifice fly for his third RBI and a 5 - 3 lead as Cleveland extended its best home start in 70 years . The Indians are 13 - 2 at home for the first time since 1941 . They did n't get their 13th home win a year ago until June 28 . Chad Durbin ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced , Brandon Inge , to end the eighth . Perez yielded an RBI single to Miguel Cabrera in the ninth	False
Detroit let leads slip away in all three games in Cleveland and will open a four - game set at home Monday against the New York Yankees . Benoit twice failed to stop the surging Indians . After serving up a game-ending grand slam to Carlos Santana on Friday night , he yielded a single to Shin-Soo Choo to start the eighth	True
Detroit let leads slip away in all three games in Cleveland and will open a four - game set at home Monday against the New York Yankees . Benoit twice failed to stop the surging Indians . After serving up a game-ending grand slam to Carlos Santana on Friday night , he yielded a single to Shin-Soo Choo to start the eighth and plunked Duncan in the hand with one out Sunday . Orlando Cabrera then singled off the glove of a diving Inge at third	False
Alex Avila 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the top of the eighth gave Detroit a 3 - 2 lead . Indians starter Justin Masterson yielded a leadoff single to Don Kelly and hit Miguel Cabrera in the left leg with a pitch to open the eighth	True
Alex Avila 's bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the top of the eighth gave Detroit a 3 - 2 lead . Indians starter Justin Masterson yielded a leadoff single to Don Kelly and hit Miguel Cabrera in the left leg with a pitch to open the eighth . Cabrera glared at the mound , gestured at Masterson and walked slowly to first	False
LaPorta 's two - run double in the second tied the score against Coke . Kelly had an RBI double in the first	True
Kelly had an RBI double in the first , when the Tigers added a run on a passed ball by Santana . Masterson avoided big trouble in the second	True
A. J. Burnett pitched neatly into the eighth inning , Russell Martin hit a three - run shot and New York kept rolling right along with a 5 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . Robinson Cano tripled to start a four - run fourth	True
A. J. Burnett pitched neatly into the eighth inning , Russell Martin hit a three - run shot and New York kept rolling right along with a 5 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night . Robinson Cano tripled to start a four - run fourth and Posada rounded the bases twice on his solo shot in the sixth	True
Without them , the Yankees are doing just fine . They improved to 11 - 3 since Jeter went on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right calf -- he was eligible to come off Wednesday , but was n't ready yet . Jeter 's replacement at shortstop , Eduardo Nunez , made a throwing error to start the eighth	True
Milwaukee dropped to 15 - 26 on the road , the worst record among winning teams in the majors . By comparison , the NL Central leaders are 29 - 11 at home . Marcum kept the Yankees off the scoreboard until giving up four consecutive rockets to begin the fourth	True
Martin lifted a low 0 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his first extra-base hit in 68 at-bats since his last homer on May 24 . That was the longest drought of his career , the Yankees said , according to information provided by the Elias Sports Bureau . Posada sent a liner to right in the sixth	True
Posada sent a liner to right in the sixth that barely cleared the wall , caroming off a ledge behind the fence and then a fan before bounding back toward the field . Umpires originally ruled the ball in play and called Posada out when the Brewers tagged him between first	True
Posada sent a liner to right in the sixth that barely cleared the wall , caroming off a ledge behind the fence and then a fan before bounding back toward the field . Umpires originally ruled the ball in play and called Posada out when the Brewers tagged him between first and second	False
They told him to wait at first base while they went inside for a look at the replay , and he trotted around again when they came out and correctly signaled home run . Yankees center fielder Curtis Granderson made a terrific , over-the-shoulder catch to start a double play in the second	True
Yankees center fielder Curtis Granderson made a terrific , over-the-shoulder catch to start a double play in the second , with Hart doubled off first base . Milwaukee loaded the bases in the sixth	True
It was the Rockies ' first win in five extra-inning games this season . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) , the Rockies ' seventh pitcher , worked a hitless 13th	True
The White Sox , making their first appearance in Colorado since 2005 , fell to 4 - 8 in extra-inning games this season . Colorado came close to breaking the deadlock in the bottom of the 12th	True
The White Sox , making their first appearance in Colorado since 2005 , fell to 4 - 8 in extra-inning games this season . Colorado came close to breaking the deadlock in the bottom of the 12th . Charlie Blackmon blooped a single off Jesse Crain to start the inning and was sacrificed to second	False
The White Sox , making their first appearance in Colorado since 2005 , fell to 4 - 8 in extra-inning games this season . Colorado came close to breaking the deadlock in the bottom of the 12th . Charlie Blackmon blooped a single off Jesse Crain to start the inning and was sacrificed to second by Chris Iannetta . Ohman relieved Crain to face pinch-hitter Jason Giambi , who grounded out to first	False
The White Sox , making their first appearance in Colorado since 2005 , fell to 4 - 8 in extra-inning games this season . Colorado came close to breaking the deadlock in the bottom of the 12th . Charlie Blackmon blooped a single off Jesse Crain to start the inning and was sacrificed to second by Chris Iannetta . Ohman relieved Crain to face pinch-hitter Jason Giambi , who grounded out to first , with Blackmon taking third	False
Starting pitchers Gavin Floyd of the White Sox and Jason Hammel of the Rockies each had a solid outing , with both going seven innings and allowing two runs . Seth Smith , whose RBI single forged the game 's first tie in the fourth	True
Starting pitchers Gavin Floyd of the White Sox and Jason Hammel of the Rockies each had a solid outing , with both going seven innings and allowing two runs . Seth Smith , whose RBI single forged the game 's first tie in the fourth , had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Seth Smith , whose RBI single forged the game 's first tie in the fourth , had a sacrifice fly in the sixth to even the score again , 2-all . The White Sox regained the lead 2 - 1 in the fifth	False
The White Sox regained the lead 2 - 1 in the fifth on Juan Pierre 's run-scoring single but missed a chance to build a bigger cushion . With the bases loaded and one out , Carlos Quentin hit into an inning-ending double play . Not that the Rockies were able to take advantage in their half of the fifth	True
The White Sox regained the lead 2 - 1 in the fifth on Juan Pierre 's run-scoring single but missed a chance to build a bigger cushion . With the bases loaded and one out , Carlos Quentin hit into an inning-ending double play . Not that the Rockies were able to take advantage in their half of the fifth . Hammel reached second base with two outs when center fielder Alex Rios dropped a tailing flyball for an error . Subsequently , Floyd got Gonzalez to ground out . The White Sox made a defensive change in the bottom of the seventh	False
Lohse pitched five shutout innings in a performance shortened by rain , and the St. Louis Cardinals got solo home runs from Colby Rasmus and Matt Holliday in a 6 - 2 victory Tuesday night . Lohse ( 8 - 4 ) gave up four hits , walked one and was aided by two double plays . He threw only 69 pitches before a thunderstorm stopped play for 28 minutes with St. Louis ahead 4 - 0 in the top of the sixth	True
It was the Cardinals ' first regular-season game in Baltimore . The Orioles had hosted every other NL team since the introduction of interleague play in 1997 . J. J. Hardy homered for the Orioles , who trailed 6 - 0 before scoring twice off struggling reliever Ryan Franklin in the eighth	True
Freese missed 51 games with a broken left hand and Punto sat out 38 games with a right forearm strain . Both were activated from the DL on Monday . Rasmus connected in the sixth	True
Rasmus connected in the sixth off Britton as the rain began to intensify . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , Punto tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jon Jay before Holliday hit his 10th home run of the season , a drive to center off Jason Berken . After St. Louis reliever Lance Lynn struck out five in two innings , Hardy hit his 11th homer in the eighth	True
Latos ( 5 - 8 ) allowed three runs on seven hits in six innings , with two walks , to win for the first time since June 5 against Houston . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 22 chances , getting the final out after allowing consecutive two - out singles . Latos helped himself in the bottom of the third	True
Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 22 chances , getting the final out after allowing consecutive two - out singles . Latos helped himself in the bottom of the third when he hit a leadoff double and advanced to third	False
Overall , Francis has lost three straight starts and four of five . With Headley aboard on a double , Ludwick homered to left with two outs in the first	True
Overall , Francis has lost three straight starts and four of five . With Headley aboard on a double , Ludwick homered to left with two outs in the first , his 10th	False
With Headley aboard on a double , Ludwick homered to left with two outs in the first , his 10th . Kansas City 's Eric Hosmer hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Kansas City 's Eric Hosmer hit a sacrifice fly in the third . The Padres took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Kansas City 's Eric Hosmer hit a sacrifice fly in the third . The Padres took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jesus Guzman reached on a throwing error by Escobar and eventually scored on a throwing error by first baseman Hosmer , who was trying to throw him out at third	False
The Padres took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jesus Guzman reached on a throwing error by Escobar and eventually scored on a throwing error by first baseman Hosmer , who was trying to throw him out at third after Orlando Hudson 's groundout . The Royals pulled to 4 - 3 with one out in the sixth	True
The Padres took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jesus Guzman reached on a throwing error by Escobar and eventually scored on a throwing error by first baseman Hosmer , who was trying to throw him out at third after Orlando Hudson 's groundout . The Royals pulled to 4 - 3 with one out in the sixth on Pena 's two - run double down the right-field line to score Gordon and Jeff Francoeur , who opened the inning with singles . Pena took third	False
Harrison is 3 - 2 with a 1.43 ERA over his last six starts and his season ERA of 3.00 is among the best in the majors for a left-hander . Adrian Beltre snapped a 13-game homerless drought with a two - run shot off Mike Pelfrey ( 4 - 6 ) that put the Rangers up 3 - 0 in the first	True
Pelfrey , coming off a complete-game victory at home last Saturday against the Los Angeles Angels , gave up four runs over six innings in another tough outing away from Citi Field . The right-hander is 1 - 6 with a 6.65 ERA in nine road starts this season . Beltre added a one - out double in the seventh	True
Beltre added a one - out double in the seventh off Manny Acosta before Young hit his fifth homer . Hamilton connected for a two - run drive off Acosta in the eighth	True
The Rangers won two of three at home earlier this week against the Astros to begin a span of 19 games before the break when their only road games are during a three - game series at Houston next week . Ian Kinsler hit a leadoff double in the first	True
Ian Kinsler hit a leadoff double in the first , moved up on a sacrifice by Elvis Andrus and scored on Hamilton 's single . Beltre followed with his drive to left . Beltre , hitless in 10 at-bats coming into the game , finished with three extra-base hits after another double in the eighth	True
Beltre , hitless in 10 at-bats coming into the game , finished with three extra-base hits after another double in the eighth . Andrus had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Beltre , hitless in 10 at-bats coming into the game , finished with three extra-base hits after another double in the eighth . Andrus had an RBI single in the fourth before leaving the game with a sprained left wrist . The shortstop got hurt when his left hand buckled awkwardly on the ground when he sliding headfirst for his 22nd stolen base of the season . He was replaced in the field by Andres Blanco to start the fifth	True
Troy Tulowitzki homered again in New York City and Todd Helton hit an RBI single for Colorado . No . 9 batter Chris Iannetta walked three times and scored a run . The Rockies were swept by the Yankees in a three - game series in 2004 , their only other trip to the Bronx . A. J. Burnett ( 7 - 6 ) became the first pitcher in Yankees history to strike out four batters in one inning when he followed up three ineffective innings with the major league record-tying performance in the sixth	True
The Seattle Mariners ' Felix Hernandez was the last to strike out four in a game -- in the eighth inning on June 3 , 2010 , against the Minnesota Twins . Burnett got the first	False
The Seattle Mariners ' Felix Hernandez was the last to strike out four in a game -- in the eighth inning on June 3 , 2010 , against the Minnesota Twins . Burnett got the first out in the seventh	True
Fun-loving and gregarious , Giambi was one of Yankees fans ' favorite players in his seven years with the team from 2002 - 08 and he always appreciated the group of fans in the bleachers who chanted the starters ' names during `` roll call '' in the first inning of home games . This time , he answered their rare call for a visiting player with his first homer at the new Yankee Stadium and eighth	True
This time , he answered their rare call for a visiting player with his first homer at the new Yankee Stadium and eighth this season . It was Giambi 's first visit to New York since he came with the Oakland Athletics in 2009 , the season after finishing his seven - year contract with the Yankees . He finished 3 - for - 4 with a walk and two runs scored before being lifted to a smattering of applause for a pinch-runner in the ninth	True
Tulowitzki wears No . 2 in part as a tribute to Derek Jeter and was hoping the Yankees shortstop would get his 3,000th hit while the Rockies were in town . But Jeter is on the disabled list with a calf strain and it is not certain that he 'll even be ready to be activated when he is eligible to come off the DL on June 29 . The Big Apple has been good to Tulowitzki this year . He homered in four straight games against the Mets in April and has hit five of his 14 homers in New York . He connected off Burnett in the fifth	True
The Big Apple has been good to Tulowitzki this year . He homered in four straight games against the Mets in April and has hit five of his 14 homers in New York . He connected off Burnett in the fifth . Jimenez ( 3 - 7 ) walked Curtis Granderson twice in the first three innings and Rodriguez drove him in both times -- a double in the first	True
The Big Apple has been good to Tulowitzki this year . He homered in four straight games against the Mets in April and has hit five of his 14 homers in New York . He connected off Burnett in the fifth . Jimenez ( 3 - 7 ) walked Curtis Granderson twice in the first three innings and Rodriguez drove him in both times -- a double in the first and a sacrifice fly in the third	True
The Big Apple has been good to Tulowitzki this year . He homered in four straight games against the Mets in April and has hit five of his 14 homers in New York . He connected off Burnett in the fifth . Jimenez ( 3 - 7 ) walked Curtis Granderson twice in the first three innings and Rodriguez drove him in both times -- a double in the first and a sacrifice fly in the third . But after the third	True
Jimenez , whose last outing was cut short by a leg cramp , allowed two runs and four hits to lower his road ERA to 2.16 in six starts this season . Huston Street gave up a hit in the ninth	True
Huston Street gave up a hit in the ninth and got two fly balls to die in the strong wind to finish for his 23rd save . Burnett walked five , all in the third	True
Helton hit a one - out single with the bases loaded , but Tulowitzki ended the threat with a double-play grounder to Rodriguez . Wigginton grounded out to third	False
Helton hit a one - out single with the bases loaded , but Tulowitzki ended the threat with a double-play grounder to Rodriguez . Wigginton grounded out to third for a 3 - 2 lead after Giambi walked and Seth Smith doubled to open the fourth	True
He 's not the only part of the NL 's most prolific offense struggling against Blue Jays pitchers . Cincinnati has scored two runs in the series , both on homers . Morrow wanted to rebound from his dreadful start a week earlier , when he allowed a career-high nine runs in only 4 1/3 innings of a 16 - 4 loss to Boston . Morrow left with the bases loaded and two outs in the seventh	True
Morrow wanted to rebound from his dreadful start a week earlier , when he allowed a career-high nine runs in only 4 1/3 innings of a 16 - 4 loss to Boston . Morrow left with the bases loaded and two outs in the seventh . Jason Frasor got pinch-hitter Edgar Renteria to fly out . The Blue Jays got a run in the third	True
The Blue Jays got a run in the third , but could have had more . Yunel Escobar doubled to start the third	True
The Blue Jays got a run in the third , but could have had more . Yunel Escobar doubled to start the third . Corey Patterson pulled a drag bunt toward first	False
The Blue Jays got a run in the third , but could have had more . Yunel Escobar doubled to start the third . Corey Patterson pulled a drag bunt toward first , and Volquez fielded and threw wildly to first	False
Patterson thought the ball was dead , slowed on his way to third base and was tagged out . Farrell came onto the field to question the decision , which was upheld after a brief conference by the umpires . Molina homered off the facing of the upper deck in left field to open the fourth	True
Patterson thought the ball was dead , slowed on his way to third base and was tagged out . Farrell came onto the field to question the decision , which was upheld after a brief conference by the umpires . Molina homered off the facing of the upper deck in left field to open the fourth . Rajai Davis then tripled and scored on Jayson Nix 's sacrifice fly . Bautista singled home a run in the fifth	True
Patterson thought the ball was dead , slowed on his way to third base and was tagged out . Farrell came onto the field to question the decision , which was upheld after a brief conference by the umpires . Molina homered off the facing of the upper deck in left field to open the fourth . Rajai Davis then tripled and scored on Jayson Nix 's sacrifice fly . Bautista singled home a run in the fifth that made it 4 - 0 , getting a ground ball through Cincinnati 's pronounced infield shift -- three fielders between second	False
Patterson thought the ball was dead , slowed on his way to third base and was tagged out . Farrell came onto the field to question the decision , which was upheld after a brief conference by the umpires . Molina homered off the facing of the upper deck in left field to open the fourth . Rajai Davis then tripled and scored on Jayson Nix 's sacrifice fly . Bautista singled home a run in the fifth that made it 4 - 0 , getting a ground ball through Cincinnati 's pronounced infield shift -- three fielders between second and third	False
Derrek Lee went 5 for 5 , and Adam Jones and Nick Markakis had four hits apiece for the Orioles . But Baltimore stranded 12 and went 4 for 14 with runners in scoring position . Matt Wieters flied out in the first inning with two on , grounded out in the third	True
Derrek Lee went 5 for 5 , and Adam Jones and Nick Markakis had four hits apiece for the Orioles . But Baltimore stranded 12 and went 4 for 14 with runners in scoring position . Matt Wieters flied out in the first inning with two on , grounded out in the third with a runner in scoring position , hit into a double play with two on in the fifth	True
Derrek Lee went 5 for 5 , and Adam Jones and Nick Markakis had four hits apiece for the Orioles . But Baltimore stranded 12 and went 4 for 14 with runners in scoring position . Matt Wieters flied out in the first inning with two on , grounded out in the third with a runner in scoring position , hit into a double play with two on in the fifth and bounced into a fielder 's choice with the bases full in the sixth	True
The game , dubbed the Battle of the Beltways , attracted a crowd of 35,562 . The Nationals entered the weekend averaging 21,735 per contest . Washington went up 7 - 4 with a three - run sixth	True
That was enough to dispatch the Orioles , who got at least one hit in every inning . Bernadina homered off Mike Gonzalez in the eighth	True
That was enough to dispatch the Orioles , who got at least one hit in every inning . Bernadina homered off Mike Gonzalez in the eighth , his third	False
That was enough to dispatch the Orioles , who got at least one hit in every inning . Bernadina homered off Mike Gonzalez in the eighth , his third of the season but second	False
Bernadina homered off Mike Gonzalez in the eighth , his third of the season but second in two games . Baltimore starter Zach Britton allowed four runs , one earned , and five hits in five innings . The most notable facet of his performance came at the plate , where he got his first major league hit -- an RBI double in the fourth	True
Baltimore starter Zach Britton allowed four runs , one earned , and five hits in five innings . The most notable facet of his performance came at the plate , where he got his first major league hit -- an RBI double in the fourth . Limited to one hit through four innings , Washington batted around in the fifth	True
Baltimore starter Zach Britton allowed four runs , one earned , and five hits in five innings . The most notable facet of his performance came at the plate , where he got his first major league hit -- an RBI double in the fourth . Limited to one hit through four innings , Washington batted around in the fifth and took a 4 - 2 lead . Wilson Ramos singled and took third	False
Baltimore starter Zach Britton allowed four runs , one earned , and five hits in five innings . The most notable facet of his performance came at the plate , where he got his first major league hit -- an RBI double in the fourth . Limited to one hit through four innings , Washington batted around in the fifth and took a 4 - 2 lead . Wilson Ramos singled and took third on a single by Hairston before Marquis bunted in an effort to get Hairston to second	False
Baltimore starter Zach Britton allowed four runs , one earned , and five hits in five innings . The most notable facet of his performance came at the plate , where he got his first major league hit -- an RBI double in the fourth . Limited to one hit through four innings , Washington batted around in the fifth and took a 4 - 2 lead . Wilson Ramos singled and took third on a single by Hairston before Marquis bunted in an effort to get Hairston to second . Third baseman Mark Reynolds threw wildly to first	False
Bernadina followed with a run-scoring grounder and Desmond and Ryan Zimmerman added RBI singles . Three of the four runs were unearned , courtesy of Reynolds ' 15th error , most among major league third basemen . Baltimore tied it in the sixth	True
Baltimore tied it in the sixth . Pinch-hitter Vladimir Guerrero hit an RBI single and J. J. Hardy added a sacrifice fly , but the uprising ended when Wieters was retired with the bases full . The Orioles got two runners on base in each of the first two innings but failed to score , and Jones was stranded after hitting a two - out double in the third	True
The Orioles got two runners on base in each of the first two innings but failed to score , and Jones was stranded after hitting a two - out double in the third . Baltimore finally broke through in the fourth	True
Lee scored , and Britton followed with an opposite-field liner to left for a 2 - 0 lead . Baltimore again wasted a couple of hits in the fifth	True
Cory Wade ( 1 - 0 ) , also signed by with the Yankees this week , pitched two perfect innings . Texas starter C. J. Wilson struck out 10 and threw a career-high 129 pitches in eight innings . Darren Oliver relieved in the ninth	True
Texas starter C. J. Wilson struck out 10 and threw a career-high 129 pitches in eight innings . Darren Oliver relieved in the ninth and New York loaded the bases with one out before Curtis Granderson struck out chasing a full-count slider and Mark Teixeira grounded out . Granderson singled to start the 12th	True
Granderson singled to start the 12th and Robinson Cano was hit by a pitch , though Washington argued the ball hit his bat . Gardner , a late entry into the game , grounded a single to right and Granderson scored easily . Armed with an average fastball and a big-bending , 68 mph curve , Gordon led 1 - 0 before Texas nicked him for two runs in the fifth	True
Quite a whirlwind . Yankees manager Joe Girardi pulled Gordon after a one - out single by Taylor Teagarden in the sixth	True
Gordon 's locker had no nameplate after the game . His stall did not come with a personal computer screen , the kind the Yankees regulars get . Jorge Posada hit an RBI double in the New York sixth	True
Gordon 's locker had no nameplate after the game . His stall did not come with a personal computer screen , the kind the Yankees regulars get . Jorge Posada hit an RBI double in the New York sixth that made it 2-all . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Reyes led off the game with an infield hit and then , slipping in the thick , wet dirt beside first base , barely made it back to the bag on two pickoff attempts from Jurrjens . First base umpire Bill Miller and crew chief Tom Hallion called for dry dirt to be added to the base path , too soggy from pregame watering . Reyes then stole second	False
Dan Uggla 's homer off Jason Isringhausen in the eighth cut the Mets ' lead to 4 - 3 . Chipper Jones followed with a long drive that a leaping Carlos Beltran caught in front of the right-field wall . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his 19th save as the Mets won for the eighth time in 12 games . Reyes and Harris had singles in the third	True
Reyes and Harris had singles in the third before advancing with a double-steal . Jurrjens ' walk to Daniel Murphy loaded the bases . Angel Pagan 's single to right drove in Reyes , and Harris scored on Lucas Duda 's flyball to center for a 3 - 1 lead . Reyes , hitting .346 , added a run-scoring single off Jurrjens in the sixth	True
Added Collins : `` I do n't think I 've ever seen anybody sustain it the way he has for three and a half , four weeks . '' Joe Mather singled in David Ross in the second	True
Added Collins : `` I do n't think I 've ever seen anybody sustain it the way he has for three and a half , four weeks . '' Joe Mather singled in David Ross in the second for Atlanta . Ross knocked Niese out of the game with a run-scoring double in the seventh	True
Jurrjens has allowed more than two runs in only two of his 12 starts this season -- both against the Mets . The right-hander gave up four runs , three earned , in a 5 - 0 loss at New York on June 4 . Braves closer Craig Kimbrel loaded the bases in the ninth	True
Braves closer Craig Kimbrel loaded the bases in the ninth with two walks and a hit batter before striking out Ruben Tejada to end the inning . First baseman Freddie Freeman was scratched from Atlanta 's lineup with a mild right oblique strain he suffered in pregame batting practice , leaving the Braves without five regulars . Three starting outfielders -- Jason Heyward , Nate McLouth and Martin Prado -- are on the disabled list . Catcher Brian McCann did n't start , but remained in the game after striking out as a pinch hitter in the seventh	True
De La Rosa ( 3 - 0 ) was zipping his fastball with more velocity than his All-Star counterpart Ubaldo Jimenez ( 1 - 7 ) , who in a season in which he 's struggled set a new dubious mark by surrendering a career-high three homers . Trailing 9 - 3 in the seventh	True
Trailing 9 - 3 in the seventh , the Rockies made things interesting with sluggers Carlos Gonzalez and Troy Tulowitzki each hitting two - run homers . The Dodgers added another run in the eighth	True
The Dodgers added another run in the eighth on Juan Uribe 's RBI single . Blake Hawksworth recorded two quick outs in the ninth	False
Blake Hawksworth recorded two quick outs in the ninth before giving up a solo homer to Todd Helton and a single to Tulowitzki . Lefty Scott Elbert got Seth Smith to hit a ground out for his first career save . De La Rosa struck out six and limited the Rockies to three hits . His only mistake was a fastball over the plate that Smith drilled for a three - run homer in the first	True
De La Rosa struck out six and limited the Rockies to three hits . His only mistake was a fastball over the plate that Smith drilled for a three - run homer in the first . The right-handed De La Rosa consistently hovered around 95 mph with his fastball . On a strikeout of Tulowitzki in the third	True
And do n't think he did n't notice . He began shaking his hand following a pitch to Tulowitzki in the sixth	True
This was De La Rosa 's second career start after being called up from Double-A Chattanooga on May 24 . He pitched well in his first outing , holding Philadelphia to one run in five innings . De La Rosa collected his first base hit in the third	True
Maybe on the road , where Jimenez has a 2.06 ERA , that would 've been enough . But at home , where his ERA was 7.67 entering Sunday , Jimenez could n't make it stand up . He was n't helped in the field as all five runs in the third	True
He was n't helped in the field as all five runs in the third were unearned after a fielding error by Ty Wigginton paved the way to the big inning . Jimenez lasted 5 1/3 innings as he gave up 11 hits and seven runs , but just two earned . He also surrendered solo homers to Kemp and Barajas in the fifth	True
BALTIMORE -- Joe Maddon almost ran out of breath trying to pass around the credit for a Tampa Bay victory that required two late comebacks and an inspired 11th-inning uprising . Ben Zobrist got four extra-base hits and scored four runs , including the tiebreaker in the 11th	True
Ben Zobrist got four extra-base hits and scored four runs , including the tiebreaker in the 11th on a single by Evan Longoria , leading the Rays past the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5 on Saturday night . Longoria had three RBIs and Casey Kotchman went 4 for 6 with two RBIs for the Rays , who forced extra innings with a run in the ninth	True
Especially Zobrist , whose four extra-base hits tied a club record . His four runs matched a career high . Zobrist had three doubles and a triple . He started the 11th	True
Especially Zobrist , whose four extra-base hits tied a club record . His four runs matched a career high . Zobrist had three doubles and a triple . He started the 11th with a double off Jeremy Accardo ( 3 - 2 ) and took third	False
Zobrist had three doubles and a triple . He started the 11th with a double off Jeremy Accardo ( 3 - 2 ) and took third on a groundout . After Longoria hit a soft liner to center , Kotchman followed with an RBI double . Juan Cruz ( 4 - 0 ) got two outs in the 10th	False
Zobrist had three doubles and a triple . He started the 11th with a double off Jeremy Accardo ( 3 - 2 ) and took third on a groundout . After Longoria hit a soft liner to center , Kotchman followed with an RBI double . Juan Cruz ( 4 - 0 ) got two outs in the 10th and Kyle Farnsworth worked the 11th	True
Juan Cruz ( 4 - 0 ) got two outs in the 10th and Kyle Farnsworth worked the 11th for his 14th save . Baltimore took a 5 - 4 lead in the eighth	True
Baltimore took a 5 - 4 lead in the eighth when Joel Peralta forced in a run by walking rookie Brandon Snyder with the bases loaded and two outs . Tampa Bay tied it in the ninth	True
Guthrie allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He has only one win in his last 12 starts despite owning a respectable 3.77 ERA for the season . Reynolds ' second home run , a drive to center with a man on , put Baltimore up 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
Reynolds ' second home run , a drive to center with a man on , put Baltimore up 4 - 3 in the sixth . But the Rays pulled even with an unearned run in the seventh	False
Reynolds ' second home run , a drive to center with a man on , put Baltimore up 4 - 3 in the sixth . But the Rays pulled even with an unearned run in the seventh against Jim Johnson . Zobrist led off with a double and was at second	False
Reynolds ' second home run , a drive to center with a man on , put Baltimore up 4 - 3 in the sixth . But the Rays pulled even with an unearned run in the seventh against Jim Johnson . Zobrist led off with a double and was at second with two outs when Kotchman hit a bouncer up the middle . Second baseman Robert Andino caught up to the ball , but his throw to first	False
Tampa Bay got a first-inning run when Damon singled and scored on a two - out double by Longoria . It became 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Now the Royals will open a nine - game trip Friday night against the Los Angeles Angels . Hochevar ( 4 - 6 ) won for the first time in seven starts and the Royals survived Joakim Soria 's shaky ninth	True
Hochevar ( 4 - 6 ) won for the first time in seven starts and the Royals survived Joakim Soria 's shaky ninth to split the four - game series with Toronto . Soria , reclaiming the closer role he lost May 30 after back-to-back blown saves , loaded the bases in the ninth	True
Edwin Encarnacion and Juan Rivera hit one - out singles off Soria , a two - time All-Star , and then Mike McCoy , after being down 0 - 2 , drew his fourth walk of the day to load the bases with two outs . But Soria got Corey Patterson on an infield popup , giving the Royals their fifth win in 19 games . Hochevar allowed two runs in the fourth	True
Ricky Romero ( 5 - 6 ) pitched an eight - inning complete game for Toronto , allowing three runs on eight hits , with two walks and four strikeouts . Alcides Escobar singled in the third	True
Francoeur was out at the plate on a strong throw from Jose Bautista after Billy Butler singled into right . In the Blue Jays ' second	True
Aaron Hill walked , but Hochevar retired Encarnacion on a fly ball to end the inning . The Blue Jays had runners at second	False
Aaron Hill walked , but Hochevar retired Encarnacion on a fly ball to end the inning . The Blue Jays had runners at second and third	False
Aaron Hill walked , but Hochevar retired Encarnacion on a fly ball to end the inning . The Blue Jays had runners at second and third with two out in the eighth	True
Stauffer struck out eight in eight innings , both career highs , and was part of the winning rally that carried the San Diego Padres to a 2 - 0 win over Ubaldo Jimenez and the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Manager Bud Black went out to talk with Stauffer before he faced Chris Nelson with two outs in the eighth	True
Stauffer struck out eight in eight innings , both career highs , and was part of the winning rally that carried the San Diego Padres to a 2 - 0 win over Ubaldo Jimenez and the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Manager Bud Black went out to talk with Stauffer before he faced Chris Nelson with two outs in the eighth . The right-hander reassured the skipper he was OK , and got Nelson to fly out . Still , Black went with closer Heath Bell in the ninth	True
Stauffer ( 2 - 4 ) had what he felt was his best game overall . He won for the second time in three starts , holding the Rockies to four hits and walking one . He had two of the Padres ' six hits . Stauffer and Bell combined on a five - hitter , with Bell pitching the ninth	True
The Padres have won four of six to start an 11-game homestand , their longest of the year . It was just their third win in their last 11 home games against the Rockies . Alberto Gonzalez and Stauffer had consecutive RBI singles with two outs in the fifth	True
Jimenez ( 1 - 6 ) was coming off his first victory of the season , 3 - 0 at Los Angeles , following a nine - start winless streak to start the season . He struck out a season-high eight and walked none in seven innings while allowing two runs and six hits . Jimenez struck out the first two batters in the fifth	True
Jimenez ( 1 - 6 ) was coming off his first victory of the season , 3 - 0 at Los Angeles , following a nine - start winless streak to start the season . He struck out a season-high eight and walked none in seven innings while allowing two runs and six hits . Jimenez struck out the first two batters in the fifth , including former teammate Brad Hawpe . Rookie Kyle Phillips singled to right and took second	False
Jimenez struck out the first two batters in the fifth , including former teammate Brad Hawpe . Rookie Kyle Phillips singled to right and took second on a wild pitch . Gonzalez hit an infield single up the middle that was knocked down by second baseman Chris Nelson . The ball squirted away behind second base . Shortstop Troy Tulowitzki picked it up as Phillips was coming home on the play and threw home , but catcher Jose Morales could n't hang on . Gonzalez went to second	False
Peavy said the injury dates to his previous start in Boston on May 30 . Chicago pushed across two runs in the first	True
Peavy said the injury dates to his previous start in Boston on May 30 . Chicago pushed across two runs in the first and Peavy ( 2 - 1 ) retired the first nine batters before running into trouble in the fourth	True
Chicago pushed across two runs in the first and Peavy ( 2 - 1 ) retired the first nine batters before running into trouble in the fourth . Austin Jackson reached on a leadoff single and Don Kelly followed with a bouncer to first baseman Paul Konerko , who threw to second	False
Chicago pushed across two runs in the first and Peavy ( 2 - 1 ) retired the first nine batters before running into trouble in the fourth . Austin Jackson reached on a leadoff single and Don Kelly followed with a bouncer to first baseman Paul Konerko , who threw to second for one , but shortstop Alexei Ramirez 's throw back to Konerko pulled him off the base and Kelly was safe . Peavy then walked Brennan Boesch and threw a wild pitch , putting runners on second	False
Chicago pushed across two runs in the first and Peavy ( 2 - 1 ) retired the first nine batters before running into trouble in the fourth . Austin Jackson reached on a leadoff single and Don Kelly followed with a bouncer to first baseman Paul Konerko , who threw to second for one , but shortstop Alexei Ramirez 's throw back to Konerko pulled him off the base and Kelly was safe . Peavy then walked Brennan Boesch and threw a wild pitch , putting runners on second and third	False
After Cabrera drew a walk in a 13-pitch at-bat , Victor Martinez hit a sacrifice fly and Andy Dirks tied it with an RBI double . Another walk , this one to Alex Avila , loaded the bases for Raburn , whose last grand slam came on May 15 , 2009 . Penny was backed by four scoreless innings from the Detroit bullpen . Adam Dunn 's leadoff single in the sixth	True
After Cabrera drew a walk in a 13-pitch at-bat , Victor Martinez hit a sacrifice fly and Andy Dirks tied it with an RBI double . Another walk , this one to Alex Avila , loaded the bases for Raburn , whose last grand slam came on May 15 , 2009 . Penny was backed by four scoreless innings from the Detroit bullpen . Adam Dunn 's leadoff single in the sixth and Ramirez 's two - out infield single in the ninth	False
After Cabrera drew a walk in a 13-pitch at-bat , Victor Martinez hit a sacrifice fly and Andy Dirks tied it with an RBI double . Another walk , this one to Alex Avila , loaded the bases for Raburn , whose last grand slam came on May 15 , 2009 . Penny was backed by four scoreless innings from the Detroit bullpen . Adam Dunn 's leadoff single in the sixth and Ramirez 's two - out infield single in the ninth were the only hits for Chicago after Penny departed . Closer Jose Valverde got Konerko to line out with runners on first	False
After Cabrera drew a walk in a 13-pitch at-bat , Victor Martinez hit a sacrifice fly and Andy Dirks tied it with an RBI double . Another walk , this one to Alex Avila , loaded the bases for Raburn , whose last grand slam came on May 15 , 2009 . Penny was backed by four scoreless innings from the Detroit bullpen . Adam Dunn 's leadoff single in the sixth and Ramirez 's two - out infield single in the ninth were the only hits for Chicago after Penny departed . Closer Jose Valverde got Konerko to line out with runners on first and second	False
Since being traded to the White Sox on July 31 , 2009 , Peavy is 12 - 7 in 27 starts . He was bothered by ankle problems in 2009 and went 3 - 0 in three late starts for the White Sox . He made 17 starts last year and was 7 - 6 before his season was cut short by the shoulder injury . Cabrera hit his 13th homer off Will Ohman in the sixth	True
Cabrera hit his 13th homer off Will Ohman in the sixth . He also had a tiebreaking two - run homer in the ninth inning of Saturday 's 4 - 2 win . Konerko was back in the lineup after undergoing a minor procedure to dislodge a loose fragment in his left wrist on Friday . He hit an RBI double in Chicago 's two - run first	True
Konerko was back in the lineup after undergoing a minor procedure to dislodge a loose fragment in his left wrist on Friday . He hit an RBI double in Chicago 's two - run first . White Sox second baseman Gordon Beckham homered for the second straight day . His solo drive in the fourth	True
Konerko was back in the lineup after undergoing a minor procedure to dislodge a loose fragment in his left wrist on Friday . He hit an RBI double in Chicago 's two - run first . White Sox second baseman Gordon Beckham homered for the second straight day . His solo drive in the fourth was his sixth	False
White Sox second baseman Gordon Beckham homered for the second straight day . His solo drive in the fourth was his sixth of the season . Dunn was 1 for 4 with three strikeouts . He struck out in the eighth	True
Todd Helton homered into the lower right-field seats to lead off the seventh inning , extending Colorado 's lead to 3 - 0 . The Rockies got sacrifice flies from Jose Morales in the second	True
Todd Helton homered into the lower right-field seats to lead off the seventh inning , extending Colorado 's lead to 3 - 0 . The Rockies got sacrifice flies from Jose Morales in the second and Carlos Gonzalez in the third	False
Holland , who walked one and struck out five , leads the AL with four shutouts this season and is tied with Philadelphia left-hander Cliff Lee for the major league lead . He and catcher Napoli embraced in front of the mound following the final out . Holland threw just 95 pitches , including 69 strikes . After Moreland homered off Blue Jays left-hander Brad Mills in the top of the second	True
Holland , who walked one and struck out five , leads the AL with four shutouts this season and is tied with Philadelphia left-hander Cliff Lee for the major league lead . He and catcher Napoli embraced in front of the mound following the final out . Holland threw just 95 pitches , including 69 strikes . After Moreland homered off Blue Jays left-hander Brad Mills in the top of the second , Holland faced his only jam in the bottom half , issuing a two - out walk to Rajai Davis , then throwing the ball away on John McDonald 's bunt to put runners at second	False
Holland , who walked one and struck out five , leads the AL with four shutouts this season and is tied with Philadelphia left-hander Cliff Lee for the major league lead . He and catcher Napoli embraced in front of the mound following the final out . Holland threw just 95 pitches , including 69 strikes . After Moreland homered off Blue Jays left-hander Brad Mills in the top of the second , Holland faced his only jam in the bottom half , issuing a two - out walk to Rajai Davis , then throwing the ball away on John McDonald 's bunt to put runners at second and third	False
Once Washington 's stern message had been received , however , Holland was ready to go . Washington said if Holland had allowed even one base runner in the ninth	True
Washington said if Holland had allowed even one base runner in the ninth , he would have called closer Neftali Feliz in to finish . That was n't necessary . Colby Rasmus grounded out , Jose Bautista struck out looking and Holland deflected Adam Lind 's hard grounder to shortstop , where Omar Quintanilla made the final out . Bautista had two of the four hits off Holland , the first	False
Washington said if Holland had allowed even one base runner in the ninth , he would have called closer Neftali Feliz in to finish . That was n't necessary . Colby Rasmus grounded out , Jose Bautista struck out looking and Holland deflected Adam Lind 's hard grounder to shortstop , where Omar Quintanilla made the final out . Bautista had two of the four hits off Holland , the first of which was an opening-inning infield pop-up that got lost in the sun . The Blue Jays slugger also hit a two - out single to left in the sixth	True
Washington said if Holland had allowed even one base runner in the ninth , he would have called closer Neftali Feliz in to finish . That was n't necessary . Colby Rasmus grounded out , Jose Bautista struck out looking and Holland deflected Adam Lind 's hard grounder to shortstop , where Omar Quintanilla made the final out . Bautista had two of the four hits off Holland , the first of which was an opening-inning infield pop-up that got lost in the sun . The Blue Jays slugger also hit a two - out single to left in the sixth but Lind ended the inning by grounding to the mound . Arencibia reached on a one - out infield single in the eighth	False
Bautista had two of the four hits off Holland , the first of which was an opening-inning infield pop-up that got lost in the sun . The Blue Jays slugger also hit a two - out single to left in the sixth but Lind ended the inning by grounding to the mound . Arencibia reached on a one - out infield single in the eighth , but Aaron Hill followed by grounding into a double play . Napoli singled to begin the second	True
Bautista had two of the four hits off Holland , the first of which was an opening-inning infield pop-up that got lost in the sun . The Blue Jays slugger also hit a two - out single to left in the sixth but Lind ended the inning by grounding to the mound . Arencibia reached on a one - out infield single in the eighth , but Aaron Hill followed by grounding into a double play . Napoli singled to begin the second and Moreland followed with a line drive homer to right-center , his 13th	False
Making his first start of the season , Mills ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , matching a career-high . Napoli made it 3 - 0 with a solo shot to center in the eighth	True
Making his first start of the season , Mills ( 0 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , matching a career-high . Napoli made it 3 - 0 with a solo shot to center in the eighth , his 15th	False
Napoli made it 3 - 0 with a solo shot to center in the eighth , his 15th . Rangers infielder Ian Kinsler snapped an 0 - for - 20 slump with a leadoff single to left in the fifth	False
Rangers infielder Ian Kinsler snapped an 0 - for - 20 slump with a leadoff single to left in the fifth . Kinsler had been held hitless in his previous four games . Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar was ejected in the sixth	True
Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar was ejected in the sixth for arguing a call at first base . Escobar jumped up and down in anger after he was called out on a groundball up the middle , arguing with umpire Marvin Hudson that Kinsler 's throw had pulled Michael Young off the bag . Hill replaced Escobar and played second base , with McDonald moving from second	False
Nelson Cruz and Mike Napoli homered for the Rangers , who lost for the third time in four games and saw Cruz leave in the fifth inning with tightness in his left quadriceps . Texas put runners at the corners with one out in the fourth	True
Texas put runners at the corners with one out in the fourth , but Mitch Moreland fouled out and Yorvit Torrealba struck out . The Rangers threatened again in the sixth	True
Texas put runners at the corners with one out in the fourth , but Mitch Moreland fouled out and Yorvit Torrealba struck out . The Rangers threatened again in the sixth , when Josh Hamilton and Michael Young opened the inning with consecutive singles . With Endy Chavez batting in Cruz 's spot , Hamilton was forced at third	False
Young said the Rangers need to work harder at moving runners over and coming through in scoring opportunities . Texas went 1 for 9 with men in scoring position and stranded eight runners . For Cecil , getting the out at third	False
Cecil ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a four - hitter in Toronto 's 3 - 0 victory at Arlington last Sunday and was sharp again in this one . The left-hander allowed one run and seven hits in seven innings to win consecutive starts for the first time this season . Frank Francisco worked the eighth	True
The AL West-leading Rangers had won 11 straight series openers , but failed to extend that streak in their first visit to Toronto this season . Cruz got Texas on the board with a leadoff drive to left in the second	True
Cruz got Texas on the board with a leadoff drive to left in the second for his team-leading 23rd homer , snapping Cecil 's stretch of 15 consecutive scoreless innings . Cruz has three homers and 12 RBIs in eight games against the Blue Jays this season . Cruz went 1 for 2 before being replaced by Chavez in the fifth	True
David Murphy moved from left to right , Hamilton went from center to left and Chavez took over in center after Cruz left . Ogando set down nine of his first 10 batters , but the Blue Jays grabbed control in the fifth	True
Aaron Hill reached on an infield single and Travis Snider singled to left before Arencibia mashed a slider into the left field bullpen for his 17th homer . Napoli 's leadoff drive in the ninth	True
Aaron Hill reached on an infield single and Travis Snider singled to left before Arencibia mashed a slider into the left field bullpen for his 17th homer . Napoli 's leadoff drive in the ninth was his 14th	False
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) threw 3 1/3 scoreless innings in relief to improve to 20 - 2 in his career . Nate Adcock ( 1 - 1 ) got just one out for the Royals , allowing three earned runs , three hits and three walks as Boston scored six times in the fifth inning to turn a back-and-forth game into a blowout . Batting cleanup for the third time this season -- Kevin Youkilis sat out with a hamstring injury -- Pedroia had a triple , double and single in his first three at-bats but singled his next time up , in the fifth inning , walked in the sixth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) threw 3 1/3 scoreless innings in relief to improve to 20 - 2 in his career . Nate Adcock ( 1 - 1 ) got just one out for the Royals , allowing three earned runs , three hits and three walks as Boston scored six times in the fifth inning to turn a back-and-forth game into a blowout . Batting cleanup for the third time this season -- Kevin Youkilis sat out with a hamstring injury -- Pedroia had a triple , double and single in his first three at-bats but singled his next time up , in the fifth inning , walked in the sixth and flied out in the eighth	True
Batting cleanup for the third time this season -- Kevin Youkilis sat out with a hamstring injury -- Pedroia had a triple , double and single in his first three at-bats but singled his next time up , in the fifth inning , walked in the sixth and flied out in the eighth . Alex Gordon and Billy Butler homered for the Royals , and Butler and Mike Aviles both had three hits . Kansas City scored twice in the ninth	True
Alex Gordon and Billy Butler homered for the Royals , and Butler and Mike Aviles both had three hits . Kansas City scored twice in the ninth before Franklin Morales struck out Alcides Escobar to end it . The Royals , who used six pitchers in Monday night 's extra-inning game , used five more on Tuesday , turning to Maier in the eighth	True
It was 2 - 2 after one inning , 4 - 2 Royals after two , 5 - 4 Boston after three and 7 - 6 Kansas City after four . But the Red Sox broke it open with six runs in the fifth inning , when they sent 11 batters to the plate . Josh Reddick and Jacoby Ellsbury singled before recent call-up Drew Sutton bunted them along and reached safely when Aviles , the second baseman who was covering first	False
It was 2 - 2 after one inning , 4 - 2 Royals after two , 5 - 4 Boston after three and 7 - 6 Kansas City after four . But the Red Sox broke it open with six runs in the fifth inning , when they sent 11 batters to the plate . Josh Reddick and Jacoby Ellsbury singled before recent call-up Drew Sutton bunted them along and reached safely when Aviles , the second baseman who was covering first , could n't handle the throw from Adcock . Two runs scored , and Sutton made it around to third	False
CLEVELAND -- Jered Weaver again was masterful while youngsters Mark Trumbo and Jordan Walden bounced back from adversity for the Los Angeles Angels . Weaver ( 14 - 4 ) earned his eighth straight win as Trumbo doubled home two runs and Walden worked out of a no-outs , bases-loaded jam in the ninth	True
Walden nearly gave the Angels a chance to lose , though he was the victim of some lucky hitting by the Indians . After Scott Downs worked the eighth	True
Walden nearly gave the Angels a chance to lose , though he was the victim of some lucky hitting by the Indians . After Scott Downs worked the eighth , Walden , who blew the save Monday night when Cleveland scored twice in the ninth	True
It was n't easy . Cleveland loaded the bases with no outs . Travis Hafner reached on a giant-hop single over Trumbo 's head at first	False
It was n't easy . Cleveland loaded the bases with no outs . Travis Hafner reached on a giant-hop single over Trumbo 's head at first . Carlos Santana followed with a single poked between first	False
It was n't easy . Cleveland loaded the bases with no outs . Travis Hafner reached on a giant-hop single over Trumbo 's head at first . Carlos Santana followed with a single poked between first and second	False
It was n't easy . Cleveland loaded the bases with no outs . Travis Hafner reached on a giant-hop single over Trumbo 's head at first . Carlos Santana followed with a single poked between first and second , just out of the reach of diving second baseman Howie Kendrick . Then everybody was safe when catcher Jeff Mathis pounced on a bunt by rookie Lonnie Chisenhall and threw to third	False
That brought up rookie Jason Kipnis , whose first career hit won Monday 's game . Walden pumped his fist in the air as he threw a third strike past Kipnis to close it out . Trumbo delivered against Josh Tomlin ( 11 - 5 ) in the top of the seventh	True
The rookie said he felt particularly satisfied standing on second base . The Angels , second	False
The rookie said he felt particularly satisfied standing on second base . The Angels , second in the AL West , have won five of seven and are an AL-best 25 - 12 since June 13 . Cleveland , second	False
`` Sometimes it 's our fault as hitters , because we rely too much on our bullpen . And usually when those guys come in to pitch , it 's either a one or a two - run game . So they probably did n't have too much intensity with a seven - run lead on the board . Maybe the other guys just wanted to get Guerra 's save numbers up tonight . '' Dodgers rookie Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) worked with runners on base in each of the first three innings . Colorado scored in the second	True
`` Sometimes it 's our fault as hitters , because we rely too much on our bullpen . And usually when those guys come in to pitch , it 's either a one or a two - run game . So they probably did n't have too much intensity with a seven - run lead on the board . Maybe the other guys just wanted to get Guerra 's save numbers up tonight . '' Dodgers rookie Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) worked with runners on base in each of the first three innings . Colorado scored in the second when Chris Iannetta singled with two out , took third	False
Dodgers rookie Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) worked with runners on base in each of the first three innings . Colorado scored in the second when Chris Iannetta singled with two out , took third on pitcher Juan Nicasio 's single and came home on a single by Dexter Fowler -- his first career RBI at Dodger Stadium after 81 fruitless at-bats here . The Rockies did n't get their next hit until the ninth	True
Dodgers rookie Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 4 ) worked with runners on base in each of the first three innings . Colorado scored in the second when Chris Iannetta singled with two out , took third on pitcher Juan Nicasio 's single and came home on a single by Dexter Fowler -- his first career RBI at Dodger Stadium after 81 fruitless at-bats here . The Rockies did n't get their next hit until the ninth , when Seth Smith led off with a single against Kuo . Guerra got the final two outs for his eighth save in as many chances after MacDougal walked Todd Helton with the bases loaded . Guerra retired Rockies home run and RBI leader Troy Tulowitzki on a first-pitch popup , then got Smith to ground out to second	False
Nicasio ( 4 - 3 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out five and walking two . He had allowed only one run in 14 innings over his previous two starts , beating Milwaukee and getting a no-decision against Atlanta . Los Angeles grabbed a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Los Angeles grabbed a 3 - 1 lead in the third , when Rafael Furcal and Miles doubled with one out and Ethier drove his 10th home run into the pavilion seats in right-center on the first pitch . The two RBIs were Ethier 's first since July 10 , when he homered twice with the bases empty in a 4 - 1 victory over San Diego at Chavez Ravine . The Dodgers tacked on two more runs in the sixth	True
Los Angeles grabbed a 3 - 1 lead in the third , when Rafael Furcal and Miles doubled with one out and Ethier drove his 10th home run into the pavilion seats in right-center on the first pitch . The two RBIs were Ethier 's first since July 10 , when he homered twice with the bases empty in a 4 - 1 victory over San Diego at Chavez Ravine . The Dodgers tacked on two more runs in the sixth with Rivera 's RBI double and a two - out run-scoring single by Dioner Navarro that chased Nicasio . They added three more in the ninth	True
He did n't appear to miss a beat in his first game back . Baker breezed through five innings , allowing just one runner past first base as the Twins built a 4 - 0 lead . The Twins wanted to limit him to 75 - 80 pitches , so Baker left after five with his pitch count at 82 . The early exit put more pressure on an already overworked bullpen , but it did n't matter on this day . Swarzak gave up a run-scoring double to Cabrera in the sixth	True
He did n't appear to miss a beat in his first game back . Baker breezed through five innings , allowing just one runner past first base as the Twins built a 4 - 0 lead . The Twins wanted to limit him to 75 - 80 pitches , so Baker left after five with his pitch count at 82 . The early exit put more pressure on an already overworked bullpen , but it did n't matter on this day . Swarzak gave up a run-scoring double to Cabrera in the sixth , but Perkins fanned Magglio Ordonez and Cabrera in the eighth	False
He did n't appear to miss a beat in his first game back . Baker breezed through five innings , allowing just one runner past first base as the Twins built a 4 - 0 lead . The Twins wanted to limit him to 75 - 80 pitches , so Baker left after five with his pitch count at 82 . The early exit put more pressure on an already overworked bullpen , but it did n't matter on this day . Swarzak gave up a run-scoring double to Cabrera in the sixth , but Perkins fanned Magglio Ordonez and Cabrera in the eighth and Nathan stranded one runner at second	False
Penny did n't look nearly as sharp as Baker , but he twice avoided the big inning to keep the Tigers in striking distance . Valencia hit his solo homer an estimated 403 feet into the second deck in left field for a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning and Young had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Valencia hit his solo homer an estimated 403 feet into the second deck in left field for a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning and Young had a two - run double in the fourth . But the Twins left plenty of runs on the bases . They squandered a two - on , nobody-out situation in the third	True
The Mariners ' losing streak reached 13 with a 7 - 4 loss at Boston on Friday night , putting Seattle just one loss away from tying the longest skid the club has ever had . Felix Hernandez pitched six strong innings , but Boston got to him in the seventh	True
Felix Hernandez pitched six strong innings , but Boston got to him in the seventh with five runs , breaking open a 2 - 1 game and extending the Mariners ' month of frustration . Wedge locked down the clubhouse the night before when the Mariners lost at Toronto 7 - 5 , telling his players they needed to toughen up . He was somewhat pleased with the results on Friday as the Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Hernandez ( 8 - 9 ) allowed six runs on 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a solo homer in the third	True
Hernandez ( 8 - 9 ) allowed six runs on 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . Jacoby Ellsbury hit a solo homer in the third , his seventh	False
Jacoby Ellsbury hit a solo homer in the third , his seventh in July , and John Lackey picked up his third straight win for Boston . Lackey ( 8 - 8 ) allowed one run on eight hits and struck out four in seven innings . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth inning for his 22nd save . Mike Carp hit a three - run homer for the Mariners in the eighth -- the second homer of Carp 's career -- off of reliever Franklin Morales to cut the lead to 7 - 4 . It was Seattle 's first run since Suzuki started the game with a single , stole second	False
Jacoby Ellsbury hit a solo homer in the third , his seventh in July , and John Lackey picked up his third straight win for Boston . Lackey ( 8 - 8 ) allowed one run on eight hits and struck out four in seven innings . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth inning for his 22nd save . Mike Carp hit a three - run homer for the Mariners in the eighth -- the second homer of Carp 's career -- off of reliever Franklin Morales to cut the lead to 7 - 4 . It was Seattle 's first run since Suzuki started the game with a single , stole second and third	False
Mike Carp hit a three - run homer for the Mariners in the eighth -- the second homer of Carp 's career -- off of reliever Franklin Morales to cut the lead to 7 - 4 . It was Seattle 's first run since Suzuki started the game with a single , stole second and third and scored on Dustin Ackley 's single . Ellsbury led off the third	True
Mike Carp hit a three - run homer for the Mariners in the eighth -- the second homer of Carp 's career -- off of reliever Franklin Morales to cut the lead to 7 - 4 . It was Seattle 's first run since Suzuki started the game with a single , stole second and third and scored on Dustin Ackley 's single . Ellsbury led off the third with a solo homer that cleared the bullpens in right field and put Boston up 2 - 1 . The score held until the Red Sox got to Hernandez in the seventh	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Ellsbury started the rally with singles , the Pedroia walked to load the bases with one out . Adrian Gonzalez then poked a bases-loaded single to center , bouncing the ball over second base and driving in Saltalamacchia and Ellsbury . Kevin Youkilis followed with a double , scoring Pedroia , and Gonzalez made it all the way around from first	False
Fortunately for the Cardinals , Pujols is n't going anywhere this season . He has struggled a bit since coming off the disabled list earlier this month , but appears to be heating up . His two - run shot to right-field in the first	True
Chris Carpenter ( 6 - 7 ) gave up four runs in eight innings to win his fourth straight decision for the Cardinals . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth inning to collect his 18th save . Carpenter gave up four runs in eight innings and benefited when the Pirates ran themselves out of rallies in the second	True
Blame Pujols , who looks right at home at PNC Park and has had little trouble having his way with Maholm . Freese added a two - run shot of his own in the first	True
He still , however , does n't have an answer for Pujols . Then again , not many pitchers do . He hit a two - run shot in the first	True
Mike McKenry added three hits and Andrew McCutchen and Ronny Cedeno had two hits apiece for the Pirates , who killed a pair of rallies with base-running gaffes . Pittsburgh scored twice in the second	True
Mike McKenry added three hits and Andrew McCutchen and Ronny Cedeno had two hits apiece for the Pirates , who killed a pair of rallies with base-running gaffes . Pittsburgh scored twice in the second to get on the board , but McKenry got caught between second	False
Mike McKenry added three hits and Andrew McCutchen and Ronny Cedeno had two hits apiece for the Pirates , who killed a pair of rallies with base-running gaffes . Pittsburgh scored twice in the second to get on the board , but McKenry got caught between second and third	False
Pittsburgh scored twice in the second to get on the board , but McKenry got caught between second and third after Maholm 's RBI-single to end the inning . Jones knocked home McCutchen and Lyle Overbay in the sixth	True
Pittsburgh scored twice in the second to get on the board , but McKenry got caught between second and third after Maholm 's RBI-single to end the inning . Jones knocked home McCutchen and Lyle Overbay in the sixth to pull the Pirates within 5 - 4 but was nailed trying to get to second	False
Jones knocked home McCutchen and Lyle Overbay in the sixth to pull the Pirates within 5 - 4 but was nailed trying to get to second . Pittsburgh would get no closer , as Yadier Molina sent a fastball from Chris Resop over the fence in center in the eighth	True
CLEVELAND -- Gavin Floyd , Carlos Quentin and the Chicago White Sox are excited to be back in the AL Central race . Floyd allowed four hits over 7 2/3 innings and Quentin hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Floyd ( 8 - 9 ) earned his second straight win after going 0 - 4 over six previous starts . The right-hander struck out five and did n't issue a walk for the first time in 19 starts . Floyd got help from a resurgent Chicago bullpen . Sergio Santos , the second reliever used by manager Ozzie Guillen , struck out Matt LaPorta on a pitch in the dirt with a runner on second	False
Floyd ( 8 - 9 ) earned his second straight win after going 0 - 4 over six previous starts . The right-hander struck out five and did n't issue a walk for the first time in 19 starts . Floyd got help from a resurgent Chicago bullpen . Sergio Santos , the second reliever used by manager Ozzie Guillen , struck out Matt LaPorta on a pitch in the dirt with a runner on second in the ninth	True
Floyd got help from a resurgent Chicago bullpen . Sergio Santos , the second reliever used by manager Ozzie Guillen , struck out Matt LaPorta on a pitch in the dirt with a runner on second in the ninth for his 19th save in 22 chances . Matt Thornton replaced Floyd with runners on second	False
Floyd got help from a resurgent Chicago bullpen . Sergio Santos , the second reliever used by manager Ozzie Guillen , struck out Matt LaPorta on a pitch in the dirt with a runner on second in the ninth for his 19th save in 22 chances . Matt Thornton replaced Floyd with runners on second and third	False
Floyd got help from a resurgent Chicago bullpen . Sergio Santos , the second reliever used by manager Ozzie Guillen , struck out Matt LaPorta on a pitch in the dirt with a runner on second in the ninth for his 19th save in 22 chances . Matt Thornton replaced Floyd with runners on second and third in the eighth	False
Matt Thornton replaced Floyd with runners on second and third in the eighth . Pinch hitter Orlando Cabrera drove his first pitch toward the gap in left-center , but left fielder Juan Pierre made a running catch near the warning track to end Cleveland 's best scoring threat . Thornton gave up a single to Michael Brantley in the ninth	False
Chicago improved to 12 - 20 against AL Central opponents by winning for just the sixth time in its past 15 games overall . The second-place Indians have lost five of seven and are 3 1/2 games ahead of the White Sox . Quentin 's 20th homer came off Carlos Carrasco ( 8 - 8 ) , who worked out of several early jams . The right-hander stranded two runners in both the first	True
Chicago improved to 12 - 20 against AL Central opponents by winning for just the sixth time in its past 15 games overall . The second-place Indians have lost five of seven and are 3 1/2 games ahead of the White Sox . Quentin 's 20th homer came off Carlos Carrasco ( 8 - 8 ) , who worked out of several early jams . The right-hander stranded two runners in both the first and second innings and left the bases loaded in the third	True
Quentin is a key reason why the White Sox are 5 - 1 this year against Cleveland . He is batting .500 ( 11 - for - 22 ) with three homers and 12 RBIs in the season series . Floyd retired the first nine Indians . Ezequiel Carrera singled to open the fourth	True
Quentin is a key reason why the White Sox are 5 - 1 this year against Cleveland . He is batting .500 ( 11 - for - 22 ) with three homers and 12 RBIs in the season series . Floyd retired the first nine Indians . Ezequiel Carrera singled to open the fourth , but was erased on a nifty double play . First baseman Konerko scooped up a sharply hit ball by Brantley at his ankles and threw to shortstop Alexei Ramirez to force Carrera . Ramirez then sidestepped the sliding runner , jumped up and threw to first	False
The 24-year-old , who was injured sliding into third Monday , sat out Tuesday 's 1 - 0 victory as a precaution . He did n't exactly look comfortable upon his return . Heisey led off the game with a routine grounder that d'Arnaud threw into the stands . Heisey would later score on a sacrifice fly from Joey Votto to end Cincinnati 's longest scoreless streak in over a year . Miguel Cairo 's sacrifice fly in the second put Cincinnati up 2 - 0 and , after Andrew McCutchen 's double cut the lead to one , another d'Arnaud mistake gave the Reds some breathing room in the fifth	True
The Pirates , who woke up in first place for the second straight day , have ridden solid pitching and great defense to the top of the standings . They got plenty of both on Wednesday -- with McCutchen , Walker and third baseman Brandon Wood all turning in gems -- but again failed to hit . Pittsburgh 's only real threat came in the fourth	True
The Pirates , who woke up in first place for the second straight day , have ridden solid pitching and great defense to the top of the standings . They got plenty of both on Wednesday -- with McCutchen , Walker and third baseman Brandon Wood all turning in gems -- but again failed to hit . Pittsburgh 's only real threat came in the fourth when Neil Walker was hit by a pitch and McCutchen doubled him home . Cueto worked his way out of the jam and Pittsburgh did n't get a runner to third	False
Pittsburgh 's only real threat came in the fourth when Neil Walker was hit by a pitch and McCutchen doubled him home . Cueto worked his way out of the jam and Pittsburgh did n't get a runner to third the rest of the day thanks to stellar work from the bullpen . Logan Ondrusek wiggled Cincinnati out of a two - on situation in the seventh	True
Pittsburgh 's only real threat came in the fourth when Neil Walker was hit by a pitch and McCutchen doubled him home . Cueto worked his way out of the jam and Pittsburgh did n't get a runner to third the rest of the day thanks to stellar work from the bullpen . Logan Ondrusek wiggled Cincinnati out of a two - on situation in the seventh , Aroldis Chapman overpowered two Pittsburgh batters in the eighth	True
Pittsburgh 's only real threat came in the fourth when Neil Walker was hit by a pitch and McCutchen doubled him home . Cueto worked his way out of the jam and Pittsburgh did n't get a runner to third the rest of the day thanks to stellar work from the bullpen . Logan Ondrusek wiggled Cincinnati out of a two - on situation in the seventh , Aroldis Chapman overpowered two Pittsburgh batters in the eighth and the Pirates went down quietly in the ninth	False
This way will have to do . The Twins trailed 1 - 0 heading into the ninth	True
The Twins were dominated for most of Tuesday 's game by Justin Masterson , who allowed four hits and struck out six in 7 2/3 innings . With a fastball that hit 97 mph and a heavy sinker that routinely was clocked between 93 and 94 , the right-hander with the big , looping delivery mowed through Minnesota 's struggling lineup . He retired 13 straight hitters before running into trouble in the seventh	True
Allen wasted no time putting what he thought was a questionable call behind him , lifting a 3 - 2 fastball from Hiroki Kuroda ( 6 - 11 ) out to right in the second inning . It was one of just five hits for Arizona , but Kennedy ( 10 - 3 ) did n't need any more help than that , overcoming some late control problems to become Arizona 's first 10-game winner . Fill-in closer David Hernandez finished it off , working a perfect ninth	True
They just could n't muster much offense , a common theme this season . All-Star Matt Kemp homered for the second straight game to further erase memories of a forgetful Home Run Derby , a solo shot in second	True
He and Daniel Hudson have been Arizona 's most consistent pitchers , both winning nine games before the break . Kennedy allowed three runs in six innings to beat the Cardinals his last start and was sharp again . The right-hander gave up the big blast to Kemp in the second inning and ran into trouble in the fifth	True
The Marlins trailed 2 - 0 before sending 11 batters to the plate in their final at-bat while pulling out a dramatic victory . Matt Garza threw seven scoreless innings for Chicago and Sean Marshall worked the eighth	True
He walked Mike Stanton , Mike Cameron and John Buck , throwing just one strike in the process , and Dobbs -- batting in the pitcher 's spot -- followed with a double into the right-field corner . Dewayne Wise , running for Buck , slipped between third	False
The right-hander faced five batters Thursday night and failed to record an out . He walked four and was charged with five runs , hiking his ERA from 2.57 to 3.64 . It 's the sort of performance that could cost a closer his job , but manager Mike Quade is not leaning in that direction . The big rally handed a win to Edward Mujica ( 7 - 2 ) , who recorded the final out in the eighth	True
The big rally handed a win to Edward Mujica ( 7 - 2 ) , who recorded the final out in the eighth . Leo Nunez allowed a run in the bottom half on Brett Hayes ' passed ball , but struck out pinch hitter Reed Johnson and Kosuke Fukudome with a runner on third	False
Leo Nunez allowed a run in the bottom half on Brett Hayes ' passed ball , but struck out pinch hitter Reed Johnson and Kosuke Fukudome with a runner on third to end the game . The Cubs looked as if they were in good shape , getting a solo homer from Marlon Byrd in the second	True
Leo Nunez allowed a run in the bottom half on Brett Hayes ' passed ball , but struck out pinch hitter Reed Johnson and Kosuke Fukudome with a runner on third to end the game . The Cubs looked as if they were in good shape , getting a solo homer from Marlon Byrd in the second and tacking on another run in the seventh	True
Sanchez yielded two runs and four hits while striking out six and walking one in 6 1/3 innings . Chicago was ahead 1 - 0 when Alfonso Soriano singled in the seventh	True
Francona and Showalter were ejected after pitches hit or came close to their batters . Boston starter Kyle Weiland also was tossed in his major league debut . The series , marred by a bench-clearing fracas on Friday night after David Ortiz was nearly hit by two pitches before popping out , had more tight pitches on Sunday . Baltimore 's Mark Reynolds was plunked in the third	True
Francona and Showalter were ejected after pitches hit or came close to their batters . Boston starter Kyle Weiland also was tossed in his major league debut . The series , marred by a bench-clearing fracas on Friday night after David Ortiz was nearly hit by two pitches before popping out , had more tight pitches on Sunday . Baltimore 's Mark Reynolds was plunked in the third and Youkilis was hit by a changeup from Jeremy Guthrie ( 3 - 12 ) in the fourth	True
The series , marred by a bench-clearing fracas on Friday night after David Ortiz was nearly hit by two pitches before popping out , had more tight pitches on Sunday . Baltimore 's Mark Reynolds was plunked in the third and Youkilis was hit by a changeup from Jeremy Guthrie ( 3 - 12 ) in the fourth . Francona and Weiland were ejected after the right-hander hit Guerrero with no outs in the fifth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 4 - 1 ) pitched three perfect innings after Weiland left , and Jonathan Papelbon got his 20th save in 21 opportunities . All but one of the Orioles ' eight hits came in a six - run second	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 4 - 1 ) pitched three perfect innings after Weiland left , and Jonathan Papelbon got his 20th save in 21 opportunities . All but one of the Orioles ' eight hits came in a six - run second that gave them a 6 - 2 lead . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Scutaro 's fourth homer of the year , Pedroia 's 11th	False
Alfredo Aceves ( 4 - 1 ) pitched three perfect innings after Weiland left , and Jonathan Papelbon got his 20th save in 21 opportunities . All but one of the Orioles ' eight hits came in a six - run second that gave them a 6 - 2 lead . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Scutaro 's fourth homer of the year , Pedroia 's 11th and Youkilis ' 13th	False
All but one of the Orioles ' eight hits came in a six - run second that gave them a 6 - 2 lead . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Scutaro 's fourth homer of the year , Pedroia 's 11th and Youkilis ' 13th , a two - run drive . Guthrie then replaced Mitch Atkins and retired Ortiz to end the inning . But Guthrie walked Ortiz with the bases loaded in the fifth	True
Guthrie then replaced Mitch Atkins and retired Ortiz to end the inning . But Guthrie walked Ortiz with the bases loaded in the fifth , forcing in the go-ahead run . Jacoby Ellsbury added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Jacoby Ellsbury added an RBI single in the seventh , making it 8 - 6 Boston . The Red Sox grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Ortiz had an RBI single and Reddick drove in Adrian Gonzalez with a sacrifice fly . Weiland retired the side in order in the first	True
The Red Sox grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Ortiz had an RBI single and Reddick drove in Adrian Gonzalez with a sacrifice fly . Weiland retired the side in order in the first , then struggled in the second	True
But Bruce hit a towering drive to right against Marco Estrada ( 2 - 6 ) for his 21st homer , and the Reds tacked on four more runs while sending 10 men to the plate . Milwaukee was again without Ryan Braun and blew a big opportunity in the ninth	True
The Reds are three games behind the Brewers and Cardinals for first place in the NL Central . Rolen doubled after Bruce 's homer and moved to third	False
Rolen doubled after Bruce 's homer and moved to third on Edgar Renteria 's sacrifice . Hernandez then hit an RBI single , and Miguel Cairo , Joey Votto and Brandon Phillips each drove in a run later in the inning . The outburst came after a tense ninth	True
The outburst came after a tense ninth when reliever Logan Ondrusek gave up a leadoff single to Rickie Weeks before leaving for Bill Bray . Bray ( 2 - 1 ) immediately threw errantly to first	False
The outburst came after a tense ninth when reliever Logan Ondrusek gave up a leadoff single to Rickie Weeks before leaving for Bill Bray . Bray ( 2 - 1 ) immediately threw errantly to first , allowing Weeks to advance to second	False
The outburst came after a tense ninth when reliever Logan Ondrusek gave up a leadoff single to Rickie Weeks before leaving for Bill Bray . Bray ( 2 - 1 ) immediately threw errantly to first , allowing Weeks to advance to second . Nyjer Morgan struck out on a sacrifice attempt , slamming his helmet in frustration in the dugout after it rolled foul . Corey Hart followed with a fly ball that would 've been plenty for a sacrifice fly , but instead only moved Weeks to third	False
Brewers manager Ron Roenicke spoke with Morgan briefly after the game . Reds closer Francisco Cordero gave up a run in the 10th	True
For the third straight game , the teams swapped leads back-and-forth in the early innings . Milwaukee went up 2 - 0 in the first	True
For the third straight game , the teams swapped leads back-and-forth in the early innings . Milwaukee went up 2 - 0 in the first on singles by Hart and Kotsay . The Reds took a 3 - 2 lead in the second	True
For the third straight game , the teams swapped leads back-and-forth in the early innings . Milwaukee went up 2 - 0 in the first on singles by Hart and Kotsay . The Reds took a 3 - 2 lead in the second on Fred Lewis ' double and Hernandez 's two - run homer to straightaway center field . Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the second	True
Nate Schierholtz and Aubrey Huff drove in runs in the first inning off Chris Capuano ( 8 - 8 ) to help assure that the World Series champion Giants would go into the All-Star break in sole possession of first place in the NL West for the first time since 2003 . San Francisco has a two - game lead over Arizona with one game left before the break . Santiago Casilla pitched a perfect seventh	True
Nate Schierholtz and Aubrey Huff drove in runs in the first inning off Chris Capuano ( 8 - 8 ) to help assure that the World Series champion Giants would go into the All-Star break in sole possession of first place in the NL West for the first time since 2003 . San Francisco has a two - game lead over Arizona with one game left before the break . Santiago Casilla pitched a perfect seventh , Javier Lopez got five outs and Sergio Romo struck out Scott Hairston with a man on first	False
The Mets lost for just the second time in seven games and failed in their second attempt to move a season-high four games over .500 New York 's only run came when Carlos Beltran and Daniel Murphy hit consecutive doubles with two outs in the first	True
But after giving up a double to Sandoval and a walk to Pat Burrell to load the bases with one out , Capuano was unable to escape . Schierholtz hit a ball up the middle to shortstop Ruben Tejada , who tried to tag Burrell to start an inning-ending double play . But Tejada missed the tag and his throw to first	False
That was all the Giants could muster in six innings off Capuano , who allowed two runs , four hits and four walks to end a three - start winning streak . Sandoval added an RBI groundout in the seventh	True
Rookie Michael Pineda ( 8 - 6 ) gave up a season-worst seven runs and six hits in five innings , equaling his shortest outing in 18 starts . He finished with seven strikeouts after fanning his first five batters on 19 pitches . All of them swung at strike three , with Pineda 's pitches coming out of the shadows between the mound and home plate . Seattle manager Eric Wedge was ejected during the Angels ' four - run third inning . Trumbo led off with a single and took off for second	False
Rookie Michael Pineda ( 8 - 6 ) gave up a season-worst seven runs and six hits in five innings , equaling his shortest outing in 18 starts . He finished with seven strikeouts after fanning his first five batters on 19 pitches . All of them swung at strike three , with Pineda 's pitches coming out of the shadows between the mound and home plate . Seattle manager Eric Wedge was ejected during the Angels ' four - run third inning . Trumbo led off with a single and took off for second as Hank Conger checked his swing on ball four . Trumbo originally was called out at second	False
Rookie Michael Pineda ( 8 - 6 ) gave up a season-worst seven runs and six hits in five innings , equaling his shortest outing in 18 starts . He finished with seven strikeouts after fanning his first five batters on 19 pitches . All of them swung at strike three , with Pineda 's pitches coming out of the shadows between the mound and home plate . Seattle manager Eric Wedge was ejected during the Angels ' four - run third inning . Trumbo led off with a single and took off for second as Hank Conger checked his swing on ball four . Trumbo originally was called out at second by umpire Greg Gibson after the throw down by Miguel Olivo , but that was wiped out by the walk to Conger -- denying the Mariners a critical strikeout-double play and giving the Angels runners at first	False
`` Unless he just was n't paying attention , there 's no reason he should miss that , '' Wedge added . `` It 's ridiculous . It was obvious to everybody in the ballpark , except for him . It was just a bad call . When you have something like that that changed the course of the entire ballgame , that 's a helluva difference . '' No . 9 hitter Mike Trout , playing in his second major league game , followed the controversial call with a bunt single for his first major league hit . The throw to first	False
No . 9 hitter Mike Trout , playing in his second major league game , followed the controversial call with a bunt single for his first major league hit . The throw to first by Pineda got past first baseman Adam Kennedy , allowing Trumbo to score the game 's first run . One out later , Hunter homered to left-center on the first pitch to make it 4 - 0 . The Mariners , who have lost 15 of their past 17 at Angel Stadium , closed to 4 - 3 with a run-scoring double by Olivo in the fourth inning and two - out RBI singles in the fifth	True
No . 9 hitter Mike Trout , playing in his second major league game , followed the controversial call with a bunt single for his first major league hit . The throw to first by Pineda got past first baseman Adam Kennedy , allowing Trumbo to score the game 's first run . One out later , Hunter homered to left-center on the first pitch to make it 4 - 0 . The Mariners , who have lost 15 of their past 17 at Angel Stadium , closed to 4 - 3 with a run-scoring double by Olivo in the fourth inning and two - out RBI singles in the fifth by Dustin Ackley and Olivo . But the Angels responded in their half of the fifth	True
Dempster ( 6 - 6 ) was pitching on nine days ' rest after being scratched from his scheduled start Monday because of back pain . He was cleared to start Saturday after making it through a pregame workout Friday without incident . He allowed three runs on seven hits and three walks in five innings and was seen throwing equipment and arguing vehemently with Quade when he was pinch-hit for to lead off the sixth	True
Blowups from Cubs starting pitchers have become commonplace in recent years -- but most of the time , it 's volatile Carlos Zambrano throwing the tantrum . Jeff Samardzija , Kerry Wood and Carlos Marmol combined to throw four scoreless innings to close out the Cubs ' victory , their second	False
Blowups from Cubs starting pitchers have become commonplace in recent years -- but most of the time , it 's volatile Carlos Zambrano throwing the tantrum . Jeff Samardzija , Kerry Wood and Carlos Marmol combined to throw four scoreless innings to close out the Cubs ' victory , their second in their past eight at PNC Park . A night after blowing his sixth save , Marmol pitched the ninth	True
Starlin Castro went 3 - for - 5 with a run and an RBI for the Cubs . Matt Diaz entered the game in the fourth	True
Correia ( 11 - 7 ) labored through his shortest start of the season . He allowed five runs on nine hits in 3 2/3 innings . Chicago scored during each of the four innings Correia pitched . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Pirates rookies Alex Presley and Michael McKenry each had two hits and scored a run . Presley scored on Neil Walker 's groundout in the bottom of the third	True
Pirates rookies Alex Presley and Michael McKenry each had two hits and scored a run . Presley scored on Neil Walker 's groundout in the bottom of the third , and Diaz hit a ground-rule double down the right-field line that scored Garrett Jones and McKenry in the fourth	True
BOSTON -- David Ortiz connected on a big swing early , then missed with a flurry of late ones . Big Papi hit a three - run homer as the Boston Red Sox scored eight times in the first inning of a 10 - 3 win over Baltimore on Friday night . In the eighth	True
Ortiz and Gregg exchanged several wild punches , both coming close but not quite connecting in what could have turned into an even uglier scene as the benches and bullpens cleared for the second time in the inning . Gregg said he yelled at Ortiz for not running toward first	False
Britton ( 6 - 7 ) did n't even make it through the inning , getting pulled with two outs after Jacoby Ellsbury blooped an RBI single in his second at-bat . The outburst of runs was plenty for Josh Beckett ( 8 - 3 ) , who allowed three runs on seven hits over five innings . Beckett was having problems with the wet dirt on the mound after a steady rain fell early in the game and he did n't return for the sixth	True
Beckett said he did n't expect to miss the All-Star Game . He was already in line for the win after Boston 's huge first inning , then Pedroia added a run in the sixth	True
He was already in line for the win after Boston 's huge first inning , then Pedroia added a run in the sixth with a solo homer that was kept inside Fenway Park only by a sign above the left-field wall . Pedroia knocked one all the way out of the venue on Thursday in Boston 's 10 - 4 win . Boston reached 10 runs again Friday on Josh Reddick 's RBI triple in the eighth	True
Boston reached 10 runs again Friday on Josh Reddick 's RBI triple in the eighth . Baltimore finally scored in the fifth	True
Baltimore finally scored in the fifth on Derek Lee 's solo homer and RBI singles later in the inning from Nick Markakis and Adam Jones . Brad Bergesen , who relieved Britton in the first	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Max Scherzer was n't happy to see Tigers manager Jim Leyland marching toward the mound . The right-hander was clinging to a one - run lead against the Kansas City Royals with two outs in the seventh inning , and a pair of singles had put runners on first	False
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Max Scherzer was n't happy to see Tigers manager Jim Leyland marching toward the mound . The right-hander was clinging to a one - run lead against the Kansas City Royals with two outs in the seventh inning , and a pair of singles had put runners on first and second	False
The Royals just could n't help him out at the plate . They scored their only run in the fifth	True
The Royals just could n't help him out at the plate . They scored their only run in the fifth , when Hosmer shot a pitch down the left-field line for a leadoff double . He advanced to third	False
Most of the laughter Tuesday came at the expense of Baker , who was in the starting lineup to give All-Star Starlin Castro a day off . Baker was only 30 feet or so from second	False
Baker was only 30 feet or so from second when he fielded a routine grounder with the bases loaded and none out , but his throw sailed more than 10 feet wide of the bag and into left field . Instead of allowing one run on a double play , the Cubs were in a 2 - 0 hole that became 3 - 0 on Wilson Ramos ' infield single . The three - run first	True
Baker was only 30 feet or so from second when he fielded a routine grounder with the bases loaded and none out , but his throw sailed more than 10 feet wide of the bag and into left field . Instead of allowing one run on a double play , the Cubs were in a 2 - 0 hole that became 3 - 0 on Wilson Ramos ' infield single . The three - run first was just enough of a cushion for a Nationals cadre of pitchers that included Ross Detwiler ( 1 - 0 ) , recalled from Triple-A before the game because Washington needed an extra starter due to a recent doubleheader . Detwiler , making his season debut , took a shutout into the sixth	True
Also as unpredictable as a Ouija board are the hot-and-cold performances from Washington 's high-priced slugger Jayson Werth . Werth finally drew some cheers with a daring steal of third	False
Freeman said Lowe was the star of the game . Lowe ( 5 - 6 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings and pushed the lead to 4 - 0 with his bases-loaded double in the fourth	True
`` We had opportunities , but they turned us away . As short-handed as we are right now , you would have loved to have had those three runs back , that 's for sure . '' Uggla added his 13th homer in the sixth	True
`` You get a 4 - 0 lead and you feel good , and then you end up walking guys . '' Lowe issued two walks in Colorado 's two - run fifth	True
Lowe issued two walks in Colorado 's two - run fifth . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Chacin ( 8 - 6 ) matched his career high with six walks for the second time in his last three starts . He gave up four hits and four runs in five innings . Mark Ellis had three hits , including an eighth-inning single to give the Rockies runners on first	False
Chacin ( 8 - 6 ) matched his career high with six walks for the second time in his last three starts . He gave up four hits and four runs in five innings . Mark Ellis had three hits , including an eighth-inning single to give the Rockies runners on first and second	False
Gonzalez missed his second straight game after he bruised his right wrist on Sunday . Tulowitzki was held out after leaving Monday night 's game with a strained quadriceps . Neither player is expected to be placed on the disabled list . A groundout by Chacin and Charlie Blackmon 's run-scoring single helped Colorado pull within 4 - 2 in the fifth	True
Gonzalez missed his second straight game after he bruised his right wrist on Sunday . Tulowitzki was held out after leaving Monday night 's game with a strained quadriceps . Neither player is expected to be placed on the disabled list . A groundout by Chacin and Charlie Blackmon 's run-scoring single helped Colorado pull within 4 - 2 in the fifth . Ianetta added a run-scoring single in the sixth	False
A groundout by Chacin and Charlie Blackmon 's run-scoring single helped Colorado pull within 4 - 2 in the fifth . Ianetta added a run-scoring single in the sixth . Uggla was hitting .173 , including walks in his first two plate appearances , before he pulled left-hander Eric Stults ' first pitch deep into the seats in left in the sixth	True
A groundout by Chacin and Charlie Blackmon 's run-scoring single helped Colorado pull within 4 - 2 in the fifth . Ianetta added a run-scoring single in the sixth . Uggla was hitting .173 , including walks in his first two plate appearances , before he pulled left-hander Eric Stults ' first pitch deep into the seats in left in the sixth . He added a double in the eighth	False
Aaron Hill homered and had an RBI single and Rajai Davis added two doubles for the Blue Jays , who had lost nine of 14 . Toronto scored a run in the first	True
Aaron Hill homered and had an RBI single and Rajai Davis added two doubles for the Blue Jays , who had lost nine of 14 . Toronto scored a run in the first , two in the second	True
Aaron Hill homered and had an RBI single and Rajai Davis added two doubles for the Blue Jays , who had lost nine of 14 . Toronto scored a run in the first , two in the second and chased John Lackey ( 5 - 8 ) with four in the third	True
Jacoby Ellsbury had a two - run triple and tied his career best with four hits for Boston , which had its four - game winning streak halted . Red Sox third baseman Kevin Youkilis left the game in the fourth	True
Red Sox third baseman Kevin Youkilis left the game in the fourth after getting hit in the upper back . Red Sox manager Terry Francona said he was taken out as a precaution and will be looked at again Tuesday . Boston rallied early and again late , cutting it to 9 - 7 with three runs in the eighth	True
Red Sox third baseman Kevin Youkilis left the game in the fourth after getting hit in the upper back . Red Sox manager Terry Francona said he was taken out as a precaution and will be looked at again Tuesday . Boston rallied early and again late , cutting it to 9 - 7 with three runs in the eighth , but Frank Francisco got three outs for his 10th save . He struck out Dustin Pedroia , Adrian Gonzalez and Yamaico Navarro with a runner on second	False
It was just Francisco 's second save in six career chances against Boston . Davis led off the first	True
It was just Francisco 's second save in six career chances against Boston . Davis led off the first with a hustle double to left , stole third	False
Davis led off the first with a hustle double to left , stole third and scored on the play when Youkilis mishandled catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's throw for an error , with the ball bouncing off his glove into foul territory . Hill opened the second	True
Hill opened the second with a homer into the second row of Green Monster seats and John McDonald 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 after Snider doubled . Then things got really bad for Lackey in the third	True
He gave up seven runs on nine hits in 2 1/3 innings , raising his ERA to 7.47 . In seven Fenway starts , he 's 3 - 4 with a 9.17 ERA . The Red Sox started a comeback , scoring four runs with two outs in the fifth	True
But on a staff that includes three All-Stars , the Phillies can afford to be without Worley until late next week . He 's expected to start during the Mets series July 15 - 17 . Antonio Bastardo pitched a hitless ninth	True
He contended the umps were too hasty with the ejections . Third baseman Emilio Bonifacio was tossed for throwing his helmet after being called out on a play at first base in the fifth inning . Buck was thrown out when he protested after Brown walked on a 3 - 2 pitch in the ninth	True
The Marlins arrived home at 5 a.m. after a nine - game trip , and their batters looked weary . Their last hit came in the third inning , and Florida lost for the 15th time in its past 16 games decided by one run . Ricky Nolasco ( 5 - 5 ) blanked the Phillies until the seventh	True
ST. LOUIS -- Chris Carpenter hit another high note in his midseason surge . The St. Louis Cardinals ' pitcher insisted getting the better of Johnny Cueto provided no extra incentive . Carpenter watched from the dugout as pinch-hitter Mark Hamilton drove in the lone run with an infield hit with two outs in the eighth	True
Cueto ( 5 - 3 ) allowed six hits in eight innings in his first appearance against the Cardinals since he spiked Carpenter on the back and dealt Jason LaRue a career-ending concussion with kicks during a brawl in Cincinnati Aug. 11 . Cueto and Brandon Phillips , whose bat tap to catcher Yadier Molina 's shin guard had precipitated the bench-clearing incident , were both booed at every opportunity . Jon Jay robbed Jay Bruce with a leaping catch at the right field wall to end the fourth	True
Cueto ( 5 - 3 ) allowed six hits in eight innings in his first appearance against the Cardinals since he spiked Carpenter on the back and dealt Jason LaRue a career-ending concussion with kicks during a brawl in Cincinnati Aug. 11 . Cueto and Brandon Phillips , whose bat tap to catcher Yadier Molina 's shin guard had precipitated the bench-clearing incident , were both booed at every opportunity . Jon Jay robbed Jay Bruce with a leaping catch at the right field wall to end the fourth and retreated while battling the sun for another fine grab on Edgar Renteria 's drive near the warning track with two men on in the seventh	True
Jon Jay robbed Jay Bruce with a leaping catch at the right field wall to end the fourth and retreated while battling the sun for another fine grab on Edgar Renteria 's drive near the warning track with two men on in the seventh . Carpenter ( 4 - 7 ) has won three straight starts , digging himself out of the worst hole of his career , and is 13 - 4 for his overall agains Cincinnati . The right-hander has permitted just two runs on 18 hits in 24 innings to lower his ERA to 3.74 , and settling after giving up two hits in a 26-pitch first	True
Cueto had no strikeouts for only the third time in 103 career starts , two of them in St. Louis , after fanning 25 hitters his previous four outings in 28 1/3 innings . According to stats compiled by MLB.com , Cardinals batters swung and missed only four times . Joey Votto had three singles for his ninth three - hit game and Scott Rolen singled in the first	True
Joey Votto had three singles for his ninth three - hit game and Scott Rolen singled in the first for his 2,000th hit for Cincinnati . The Reds , the highest-scoring team in the National League , managed just three runners in scoring position . Colby Rasmus opened the eighth	True
Joey Votto had three singles for his ninth three - hit game and Scott Rolen singled in the first for his 2,000th hit for Cincinnati . The Reds , the highest-scoring team in the National League , managed just three runners in scoring position . Colby Rasmus opened the eighth with his second hit and advanced when Molina converted a sacrifice after fouling off two attempts and then fouling off a two - strike pitch . Rasmus went to third	False
Colby Rasmus opened the eighth with his second hit and advanced when Molina converted a sacrifice after fouling off two attempts and then fouling off a two - strike pitch . Rasmus went to third on a flyout before Hamilton spun a grounder off the end of his bat that curled just inside the third base line . Rolen made a sliding stop at third	False
Colby Rasmus opened the eighth with his second hit and advanced when Molina converted a sacrifice after fouling off two attempts and then fouling off a two - strike pitch . Rasmus went to third on a flyout before Hamilton spun a grounder off the end of his bat that curled just inside the third base line . Rolen made a sliding stop at third but threw just late to first	False
Rolen made a sliding stop at third but threw just late to first as Hamilton took a curious wide turn and belatedly slid headfirst into the bag . Hamilton is 6 for 26 as a pinch hitter and this was his first RBI . Fernando Salas struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Fernando Salas struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 17 chances . Bruce foiled the Cardinals ' first scoring opportunity , easily throwing out Skip Schumaker at the plate after fielding Ryan Theriot 's single to end the third	True
Pittsburgh 's 10 runs matched a season-high as the club moved two games over .500 for the ninth time this season , where they keep hitting a barrier that so far has stopped them cold . They are 0 - 8 when trying to get to three games over . The Pirates were due for a laugher after playing mostly tight ones for much of the season . They scored three in the first	True
Pittsburgh 's 10 runs matched a season-high as the club moved two games over .500 for the ninth time this season , where they keep hitting a barrier that so far has stopped them cold . They are 0 - 8 when trying to get to three games over . The Pirates were due for a laugher after playing mostly tight ones for much of the season . They scored three in the first , five in the second	False
The Pirates battered Jason Marquis ( 7 - 3 ) , who lost for the first time in eight starts . He lasted only 1 1/3 innings , allowing seven runs and eight hits as the Nationals again fell below .500 and dropped to 2 - 5 under manager Davey Johnson . Washington has already allowed 10 or more runs twice under Johnson , matching the number times it happened in 78 games under Jim Riggleman and John McLaren . Jayson Werth left the game after getting hit on the left arm by a pitch in the sixth	True
The Pirates battered Jason Marquis ( 7 - 3 ) , who lost for the first time in eight starts . He lasted only 1 1/3 innings , allowing seven runs and eight hits as the Nationals again fell below .500 and dropped to 2 - 5 under manager Davey Johnson . Washington has already allowed 10 or more runs twice under Johnson , matching the number times it happened in 78 games under Jim Riggleman and John McLaren . Jayson Werth left the game after getting hit on the left arm by a pitch in the sixth . He continued to struggle at the plate , striking out with two outs and two men on base in the first	True
The Pirates battered Jason Marquis ( 7 - 3 ) , who lost for the first time in eight starts . He lasted only 1 1/3 innings , allowing seven runs and eight hits as the Nationals again fell below .500 and dropped to 2 - 5 under manager Davey Johnson . Washington has already allowed 10 or more runs twice under Johnson , matching the number times it happened in 78 games under Jim Riggleman and John McLaren . Jayson Werth left the game after getting hit on the left arm by a pitch in the sixth . He continued to struggle at the plate , striking out with two outs and two men on base in the first and flying out to center with a runner on base in the third	True
DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers have been getting roughed up lately , irritating manager Jim Leyland . Pablo Sandoval and Brandon Crawford homered in a five - run first inning , Miguel Tejada had a grand slam in a five - run third	True
Martinez was replaced by emergency catcher Don Kelly , who was used as an emergency pitcher earlier in the week and has now played every position in his career . Barry Zito ( 2 - 1 ) pitched six scoreless innings , allowing five hits and two walks . He pitched on short rest and stayed in the game despite the long delay , going about 3 hours between pitches in the second	True
Scherzer started the game by striking out Aaron Rowand , then struggled . Emmanuel Burriss followed with a single and Sandoval smacked the first pitch he saw into the left-field seats , extending his career-high hitting streak to 13 games . Second baseman Ryan Raburn did n't help Scherzer out , making a fielding error on Aubrey Huff 's grounder on what should 've been the second	True
After Brayan Villarreal walked Crawford , who was batting when rain stopped the game , Tejada hit the next pitch to left for his 12th career grand slam to put the Giants ahead 10 - 0 . Huff hit a two - run single in the fifth	True
After Brayan Villarreal walked Crawford , who was batting when rain stopped the game , Tejada hit the next pitch to left for his 12th career grand slam to put the Giants ahead 10 - 0 . Huff hit a two - run single in the fifth , giving the Giants a 12-run lead . Eli Whiteside hit a two - run double in a three - run sixth	True
The Giants made plays in the field , too , turning three double plays in the first four innings with Tejada starting two of them with slick stops in the hole . Detroit 's Jhonny Peralta and Brennan Boesch hit back-to-back homers in the seventh	True
Detroit 's Jhonny Peralta and Brennan Boesch hit back-to-back homers in the seventh off Guillermo Mota , making it 15 - 2 and giving the sparse crowd something to cheer about . Mota earned his first career save because he pitched the final three innings . Raburn hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
Kershaw ( 17 - 5 ) won for the ninth time in his last 10 starts , allowing one run and six hits . The All-Star struck out five to reach a career-high of 212 and walked two , becoming the first Dodger to win 17 games since Chan Ho Park in 2000 . `` The sixth	True
Kershaw ( 17 - 5 ) won for the ninth time in his last 10 starts , allowing one run and six hits . The All-Star struck out five to reach a career-high of 212 and walked two , becoming the first Dodger to win 17 games since Chan Ho Park in 2000 . `` The sixth , seventh	True
`` The sixth , seventh , eighth ( innings ) I kind of got in rhythm and had some quicker innings . The defense really picked me up ( three double plays ) and getting some runs early was awesome . '' It was Kershaw 's fifth complete game this season and sixth	False
Mat Latos ( 6 - 13 ) gave up five hits and four runs in six innings , struck out five and walked four in losing to the Dodgers for the third time this season . He 's 1 - 5 in his last 11 starts . The last-place Padres dropped their fifth consecutive game , with their lone run in the fourth	True
Ethier 's RBI single in the first gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . Loney hit his ninth homer in the third	True
Loney hit his ninth homer in the third , a two - run shot into the right field pavilion on a 1 - 0 count from Latos that extended the lead to 3 - 0 . The Dodgers added a run in the fourth	True
Hamels held the Reds to two hits -- one a misplayed fly ball -- in six innings , an encouraging return by the left-hander who was sidelined by an inflamed pitching shoulder . Antonio Bastardo ( 6 - 0 ) fanned three in his one inning of relief . Dave Sappelt 's infield single drove in a run in the eighth	True
Hamels held the Reds to two hits -- one a misplayed fly ball -- in six innings , an encouraging return by the left-hander who was sidelined by an inflamed pitching shoulder . Antonio Bastardo ( 6 - 0 ) fanned three in his one inning of relief . Dave Sappelt 's infield single drove in a run in the eighth , cutting it to 3 - 2 . Ryan Madson gave up a hit in the ninth	True
Bailey fanned a season-high nine batters , but made one bad pitch out of 100 that turned the game . Bailey fanned Victorino on a breaking ball with two runners aboard in the fifth	True
Bailey fanned a season-high nine batters , but made one bad pitch out of 100 that turned the game . Bailey fanned Victorino on a breaking ball with two runners aboard in the fifth . Bailey started him with another curve in the eighth	True
Brandon Phillips extended his hitting streak to 12 games -- longest by a Red this season -- when Hunter Pence slipped on the warning track while trying to catch his fly ball . Pence 's feet went out from under him , allowing the ball to drop just out of his reach for a triple . Phillips scored on Joey Votto 's groundout . Sappelt , a rookie , had a bad moment in left field in the fifth	True
Sappelt , a rookie , had a bad moment in left field in the fifth . He initially broke back on Wilson Valdez 's line drive , then came in , dived and missed the ball , letting it skip past him for an RBI double that tied it at 1 . Hamels pitched out of a threat in the sixth	True
Sappelt , a rookie , had a bad moment in left field in the fifth . He initially broke back on Wilson Valdez 's line drive , then came in , dived and missed the ball , letting it skip past him for an RBI double that tied it at 1 . Hamels pitched out of a threat in the sixth , when the Reds got a runner to third	False
Hamels pitched out of a threat in the sixth , when the Reds got a runner to third with two outs . He fanned Sappelt for the third time to end the inning . The game marked Yonder Alonso 's professional debut at third base for the Reds , who are trying to find a position for their former first-round draft pick . Alonso did n't get any balls hit his way . He grounded out and struck out three times , including in the ninth	True
Garcia pitched six innings of two - hit ball , Swisher homered and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 2 Monday night to earn a split of the four - game series . Swisher made sure Jeter stayed on the bench . His 21st homer , the sixth	False
After being sidelined for three weeks with a cut right index finger , Garcia ( 11 - 7 ) allowed one run , walked one and struck out four to win his fourth straight decision . The right-hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.72 ERA in his last five starts . Baltimore 's only hits against Garcia were a first-inning double by Adam Jones and a solo homer to Mark Reynolds in the fifth	True
After being sidelined for three weeks with a cut right index finger , Garcia ( 11 - 7 ) allowed one run , walked one and struck out four to win his fourth straight decision . The right-hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.72 ERA in his last five starts . Baltimore 's only hits against Garcia were a first-inning double by Adam Jones and a solo homer to Mark Reynolds in the fifth . The homer was the first	False
Coming close and playing well was no consolation . The Orioles closed to 3 - 2 when Hardy connected on an 0 - 2 pitch from David Robertson in the eighth	True
The Orioles closed to 3 - 2 when Hardy connected on an 0 - 2 pitch from David Robertson in the eighth . It was his 26th home run , matching a career high set with Milwaukee in 2007 . It was also the first run Robertson allowed on the road this season . The Orioles then got a runner to second	False
It was also the first run Robertson allowed on the road this season . The Orioles then got a runner to second with two outs before Robertson struck out Jones . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
New York got a first-inning run when Curtis Granderson walked and scored his major league-leading 122nd run on a double by Teixeira . In the fourth	True
It sure felt like an October night at sold-out AT & T Park : cool , with a dense fog hovering over center field . Whether the defending World Series champion Giants play in October this year remains to be seen . The reeling , stumbling Giants won for just the ninth time in their last 27 games and fourth	False
DeRosa played first base most of the night in his place , while Brandon Belt remained in left field . Huff was booed when he hit a high popup for a quick out in his first at-bat of the night in the seventh	True
Huff was booed when he hit a high popup for a quick out in his first at-bat of the night in the seventh . Bochy planned to go back to his regular lineup Saturday night . Bumgarner got into trouble in the seventh	True
Huff was booed when he hit a high popup for a quick out in his first at-bat of the night in the seventh . Bochy planned to go back to his regular lineup Saturday night . Bumgarner got into trouble in the seventh after hitting leadoff batter Matt Downs , then allowing Jose Altuve 's single . Moments after a mound visit from pitching coach Dave Righetti , catcher Chris Stewart tried to pick off a wandering Downs at second	False
Bumgarner got into trouble in the seventh after hitting leadoff batter Matt Downs , then allowing Jose Altuve 's single . Moments after a mound visit from pitching coach Dave Righetti , catcher Chris Stewart tried to pick off a wandering Downs at second but threw wildly into center field as both runners advanced on the error . Downs scored on Clint Barmes ' RBI groundout , then Humberto Quintero 's single chased Bumgarner . Ramon Ramirez relieved and Huff came in at first	False
Downs scored on Clint Barmes ' RBI groundout , then Humberto Quintero 's single chased Bumgarner . Ramon Ramirez relieved and Huff came in at first in the double switch . Ramirez retired pinch-hitter Brian Bogusevic on a swinging strikeout then Jordan Schafer on a groundout . Ramirez struck out two more in a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
Ramirez retired pinch-hitter Brian Bogusevic on a swinging strikeout then Jordan Schafer on a groundout . Ramirez struck out two more in a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth . With injured All-Star closer Brian Wilson watching from the top step of the dugout , Santiago Casilla struck out the final two batters looking to finish a perfect ninth	True
Fister ( 6 - 13 ) struck out five . The right-hander , acquired in a six - player trade with the Seattle Mariners on July 30 , is 3 - 1 in five starts with the Tigers . Jackson hit a first-inning leadoff homer and made it 2 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
The Tigers took three of four from Tampa Bay and have won 16 of their last 25 road games . Jeremy Hellickson became the first Rays pitcher to strike out four batters in the same inning , accomplishing the feat during the third	True
Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He had seven strikeouts and one walk . After Joaquin Benoit gave up one hit during the eighth	True
Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings . He had seven strikeouts and one walk . After Joaquin Benoit gave up one hit during the eighth , Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
After Joaquin Benoit gave up one hit during the eighth , Jose Valverde pitched the ninth to complete a seven - hitter and pick up his 38th save in as many chances this season . Casey Kotchman drew a one - out walk in the ninth	True
After Joaquin Benoit gave up one hit during the eighth , Jose Valverde pitched the ninth to complete a seven - hitter and pick up his 38th save in as many chances this season . Casey Kotchman drew a one - out walk in the ninth from Valverde and moved to third	False
After Joaquin Benoit gave up one hit during the eighth , Jose Valverde pitched the ninth to complete a seven - hitter and pick up his 38th save in as many chances this season . Casey Kotchman drew a one - out walk in the ninth from Valverde and moved to third on Matt Joyce 's single . The game ended when Sam Fuld lined out to right on a hit-and-run that resulted in Joyce getting doubled off at first	False
Casey Kotchman drew a one - out walk in the ninth from Valverde and moved to third on Matt Joyce 's single . The game ended when Sam Fuld lined out to right on a hit-and-run that resulted in Joyce getting doubled off at first . Fister retired his first 13 batters before Kotchman reached on a one - out infield single in the fifth	True
Fister retired his first 13 batters before Kotchman reached on a one - out infield single in the fifth . Third baseman Wilson Betemit was unable to make a backhanded grab on Kotchman 's opposite-field liner . Kotchman advanced to second	False
Kotchman advanced to second when Fuld hit a two - out single , but Fister worked out of the jam by striking out Sean Rodriguez . Kotchman singled in the seventh	True
Kotchman advanced to second when Fuld hit a two - out single , but Fister worked out of the jam by striking out Sean Rodriguez . Kotchman singled in the seventh and went to third	False
Kotchman singled in the seventh and went to third when Fuld doubled with two outs . Fister then retired the last batter he faced , pinch-hitter John Jaso , on a fly ball to left . Martinez doubled during the sixth	True
David Herndon pitched the last two innings to complete the five - hitter and record Philadelphia 's 17th shutout . Lee , who gets standing ovations for almost anything he does , got yet another one after flying out to the left-field warning track in the seventh	True
The Mets have lost four in a row and 16 of 21 . The Phillies scored their first eight runs with two outs . They got three on three straight two - out hits in the second	True
The Mets have lost four in a row and 16 of 21 . The Phillies scored their first eight runs with two outs . They got three on three straight two - out hits in the second . Pence led off the inning with a single and advanced to second	False
The Phillies scored their first eight runs with two outs . They got three on three straight two - out hits in the second . Pence led off the inning with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch . He scored on Wilson Valdez 's RBI single down the first-base line . After Lee singled , Shane Victorino lined a two - run triple into the right-field corner . Lee took an awkward stride around third	False
Lee took an awkward stride around third and the Mets appealed that he missed the bag , but umpire Jim Reynolds called him safe . Replays showed Lee touched the inside corner of the base . Mayberry connected to make it 5 - 0 in the third	True
Mayberry connected to make it 5 - 0 in the third . He 's been on a tear since his latest recall from Triple-A Lehigh Valley on July 5 . Mayberry , a fourth outfielder and pinch-hitter , is batting .318 ( 27 - for - 85 ) with eight homers and 26 RBIs in 30 games . Mayberry walked with two outs and the bases loaded to force in another run in the fourth	True
Mayberry walked with two outs and the bases loaded to force in another run in the fourth . Ryota Igarashi replaced Gee and allowed a two - run single to Carlos Ruiz that put the Phillies up 8 - 0 . Pence took Igarashi deep in the sixth	True
The Phillies played without shortstop Jimmy Rollins . The 2007 NL MVP was placed on the disabled list with a strained groin . All-Star third baseman Placido Polanco was activated from the DL and went 2 for 4 . Mets shortstop Ruben Tejada made an outstanding , over-the-shoulder running catch on a foul pop by Chase Utley in the third	True
The Phillies played without shortstop Jimmy Rollins . The 2007 NL MVP was placed on the disabled list with a strained groin . All-Star third baseman Placido Polanco was activated from the DL and went 2 for 4 . Mets shortstop Ruben Tejada made an outstanding , over-the-shoulder running catch on a foul pop by Chase Utley in the third . Phillies first baseman Ryan Howard made a similar catch on a foul pop by Scott Hairston in the fourth	True
Henry Blanco homered for the Diamondbacks , who have scored only seven runs in their last six games . Mired in its longest skid since a seven - game run in July 2010 , Arizona now leads second-place San Francisco by just one game in the NL West . Werth has had few shining moments this season after signing a much-publicized , oft-criticized seven - year deal in December . But he carried the Nationals in this one , scoring a second-inning run before delivering the decisive blow in the fourth	True
On this night , his swing was very good . Detwiler , meanwhile , was dominant against the punchless Diamondbacks . The left-hander came in with a career record of 3 - 12 , but allowed only one runner past second base until Blanco hit a drive into the left-field seats with two outs in the seventh	True
Detwiler ( 2 - 3 ) gave up one run and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . He walked one and struck out three to break a three - game losing streak . Drew Storen , the third Washington reliever , worked the ninth	True
Washington went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Werth doubled and scored on a single by Jonny Gomes . In the fourth	True
DENVER -- After an irritating stretch of futility on Sundays , the Colorado Rockies put the pesky streak to rest . Kevin Millwood pitched seven strong innings for his first big league win in nearly a year and Seth Smith hit a go-ahead two - run homer in the seventh	True
After falling behind on Carlos Gonzalez 's two - run homer in the first inning , Chad Billingsley ( 10 - 10 ) had kept the Rockies in check , holding them without a hit over the next five innings . But with one out in the seventh	True
Chris Nelson helped preserve the Rockies ' win by throwing out Matt Kemp after making a diving stop of his hard grounder down the third base line in the top of the eighth inning , with Justin Sellers aboard following a leadoff walk . The Rockies added a final run in the bottom of the eighth	True
He allowed three runs on seven hits in his third start since joining the Rockies on Aug. 10 . A 14-year veteran , Millwood ( 1 - 1 ) had spent much of this season at Pawtucket , Boston 's Triple-A club . He actually had opted out of his minor league deal with the Red Sox and was driving to his home in Georgia when he got the call from the Rockies . With the score tied 2 - 2 starting the fourth	True
With the score tied 2 - 2 starting the fourth , James Loney , who finished a triple shy of the cycle , drove an 0 - 2 offering from Millwood into the right field seats for his sixth home run of the season . Colorado jumped on Billingsley in the first	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- There was no doubt about where Johnny Damon 's last drive landed . Damon lost a grand slam to a video review in the seventh inning , then hit a game-ending home run in the ninth	True
Damon lost a grand slam to a video review in the seventh inning , then hit a game-ending home run in the ninth that lifted the Rays over the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 Sunday . Damon connected for a leadoff shot in the ninth	True
Damon connected for a leadoff shot in the ninth on the first pitch from Dan Cortes ( 0 - 2 ) , sending his 11th homer of the season into the right-field seats . The Rays trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
TV replays showed the reversal was correct and that the ball hit off the top of the wall . Damon also came up with the bases loaded and two outs in the bottom of the eighth	True
TV replays showed the reversal was correct and that the ball hit off the top of the wall . Damon also came up with the bases loaded and two outs in the bottom of the eighth , but the inning ended when catcher Josh Bard chased down a pitch that went to the backstop and threw the ball to Cortes , who tagged out Matt Joyce attempting to score from third	False
Damon also came up with the bases loaded and two outs in the bottom of the eighth , but the inning ended when catcher Josh Bard chased down a pitch that went to the backstop and threw the ball to Cortes , who tagged out Matt Joyce attempting to score from third . After blowing an early four - run lead , Seattle tied it at 7 during the eighth	True
After blowing an early four - run lead , Seattle tied it at 7 during the eighth when Wily Mo Pena hit a long two - run homer to center off James Shields . Kyle Farnsworth ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Seattle starter Michael Pineda allowed two earned runs and six hits in six innings . The rookie had five strikeouts , giving him 148 over 147 innings this season . Wells hit a two - run shot , helping Seattle go up 3 - 0 in the first	True
Bard made it 4 - 0 on a second-inning RBI grounder . Joyce and John Jaso each had RBI singles that got Tampa Bay within 4 - 2 during the second	True
Bard made it 4 - 0 on a second-inning RBI grounder . Joyce and John Jaso each had RBI singles that got Tampa Bay within 4 - 2 during the second . Jaso also had a run-scoring grounder in the seventh	True
Joyce and John Jaso each had RBI singles that got Tampa Bay within 4 - 2 during the second . Jaso also had a run-scoring grounder in the seventh . Seattle took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Kuroda pitched six strong innings for his first career win against the Rockies , Rod Barajas and Tony Gwynn each hit home runs and the Dodgers beat Colorado 8 - 2 on Friday night . The last three innings of the game were played in a light rain and included the ejection of the Dodgers ' Matt Kemp in the ninth	True
The last three innings of the game were played in a light rain and included the ejection of the Dodgers ' Matt Kemp in the ninth by first-base umpire Ted Barrett . The umpire ruled Kemp had gone around for a third strike rather than checked his swing , and Kemp stood at the plate in a show of disbelief before slowly walking back toward the dugout . Barajas hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs . He left after the sixth	True
The Dodgers jumped on Jason Hammel to give Kuroda a big cushion early , chasing the Rockies starter after three innings , his shortest outing of the season . Hammel ( 7 - 12 ) gave up six runs on six hits and was also hurt by a lack of control , walking three and uncorking two wild pitches . Leading 2 - 0 , the Dodgers broke away with a four - run inning in the third	True
Leading 2 - 0 , the Dodgers broke away with a four - run inning in the third that gave them a 6 - 0 lead . Aaron Miles drew a one - out walk , and twice advanced on wild pitches around a two - out walk to Juan Rivera before coming home on James Loney 's single up the middle . Barajas followed with a three - run shot , driving Hammel 's offering into the left-field bleachers for his 12th homer of the season . Gwynn connected off Edgmer Escalona for his second home run of the season leading off the fourth	True
Leading 2 - 0 , the Dodgers broke away with a four - run inning in the third that gave them a 6 - 0 lead . Aaron Miles drew a one - out walk , and twice advanced on wild pitches around a two - out walk to Juan Rivera before coming home on James Loney 's single up the middle . Barajas followed with a three - run shot , driving Hammel 's offering into the left-field bleachers for his 12th homer of the season . Gwynn connected off Edgmer Escalona for his second home run of the season leading off the fourth and Kemp added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Wright hit a three - run homer and Angel Pagan added three RBIs to lift the Mets to their first series win in San Diego in more than nine years with a 7 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night . Maybin was on second base when Logan Forsythe hit a hard grounder down the third-base line with two outs . Wright dived and stopped the ball some 15 feet behind the bag and then popped to his feet and faked the throw to first	False
Wright said when the ball was hit , he realized he had no chance to throw out Forsythe . That play helped keep New York in front 3 - 0 following Wright 's third-inning homer off Mat Latos ( 6 - 12 ) , his 10th	False
Since returning from the disabled list on July 22 , Wright is batting .314 ( 32 - of - 102 ) with four homers and 21 RBIs . Rookie Dillon Gee ( 11 - 4 ) limited the Padres to one run on five hits . The right-hander , who pitched 6 2/3 innings , also started an inning-ending double play in the third	True
San Diego had seven hits , including five doubles , after reaching double figures in hits in the first two games of the series . Trailing 4 - 0 , the Padres finally got to Gee when Orlando Hudson doubled leading off the seventh	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Wilson Valdez went up to the plate looking for a sacrifice fly and got a lot more . Cliff Lee threw seven impressive innings , Valdez hit a tiebreaking two - run double in the seventh	True
Jimmy Rollins hit a leadoff homer for the major-league-leading Phillies , who 've won 11 of 14 this month . Diamondbacks starter Joe Saunders ( 8 - 10 ) pitched well before unraveling in the seventh	True
Diamondbacks starter Joe Saunders ( 8 - 10 ) pitched well before unraveling in the seventh . He gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings . Hunter Pence walked to start Philadelphia 's seventh	True
Diamondbacks starter Joe Saunders ( 8 - 10 ) pitched well before unraveling in the seventh . He gave up five runs and five hits in six - plus innings . Hunter Pence walked to start Philadelphia 's seventh and advanced to third	False
Hunter Pence walked to start Philadelphia 's seventh and advanced to third on John Mayberry Jr. 's single to right . Valdez followed with a double off the wall in straightaway center to put the Phillies up 4 - 2 . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco 's sacrifice fly extended the lead to 5 - 2 . Valdez flipped his bat as he ran toward first	False
His teammates enjoyed his reaction . Rollins hit a sac fly and Shane Victorino doubled in a run during a four - run eighth	True
Rollins hit a sac fly and Shane Victorino doubled in a run during a four - run eighth for Philadelphia . Rollins hit Saunders ' first pitch of the game out to deep left-center for his 37th career leadoff homer and second	False
Rollins hit Saunders ' first pitch of the game out to deep left-center for his 37th career leadoff homer and second this season . Goldschmidt connected in the second	True
Rollins hit Saunders ' first pitch of the game out to deep left-center for his 37th career leadoff homer and second this season . Goldschmidt connected in the second to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead . He has three homers in 14 games since making his big-league debut on Aug. 1 . Goldschmidt 's first came off two - time Cy Young Award winner Tim Lincecum and his second	False
Rollins hit Saunders ' first pitch of the game out to deep left-center for his 37th career leadoff homer and second this season . Goldschmidt connected in the second to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead . He has three homers in 14 games since making his big-league debut on Aug. 1 . Goldschmidt 's first came off two - time Cy Young Award winner Tim Lincecum and his second was a tying two - run shot in the ninth	True
Lee settled in nicely after the homer . The Phillies answered in the bottom half . Pence led off with a double and Mayberry followed with an RBI single to center . Pence inexplicably slid into third	False
The Phillies answered in the bottom half . Pence led off with a double and Mayberry followed with an RBI single to center . Pence inexplicably slid into third and still had to time to get up and score without a throw from center fielder Chris Young . He got high-fives from chuckling teammates in the dugout . Lee nearly put the Phillies ahead when he hit a two - out grounder up the middle with a runner on third	False
Mark Trumbo had an early RBI double and Howie Kendrick homered in the eighth inning for the Angels , who have lost five straight and seven of eight . Los Angeles trailed the Rangers by 1 games early last week before sliding to the fringe of the playoff race during this disastrous stretch . Kendrick hit a two - out homer off reliever Koji Uehara , but Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
Wilson pitched six straight scoreless innings after a rocky start . After Trumbo 's drive to right field in the first inning hit near the top of the elevated fence and bounced back onto the field , Torii Hunter slid safely into home , adeptly touching home plate with his hand to beat the tag . The Rangers got a runner on base in every inning against Santana , but did n't score until Hamilton drove in Elvis Andrus in the fifth	True
Wilson pitched six straight scoreless innings after a rocky start . After Trumbo 's drive to right field in the first inning hit near the top of the elevated fence and bounced back onto the field , Torii Hunter slid safely into home , adeptly touching home plate with his hand to beat the tag . The Rangers got a runner on base in every inning against Santana , but did n't score until Hamilton drove in Elvis Andrus in the fifth . Moreland then tied it with his 14th homer leading off the sixth	True
While Los Angeles has lost four straight for the first time since early June , Texas is a season-best 19 games over .500 ( 71 - 52 ) largely thanks to an offense that has scored at least seven runs in six of the past seven games . Young has six of Texas ' 31 hits in the last two games , including a two - RBI single in the first inning Tuesday night . Texas is in a feeding frenzy midway through the first	True
Texas is in a feeding frenzy midway through the first of three late-season series against the Angels . After jumping to a seven - run lead early in their 8 - 4 victory in the series opener , the Rangers went ahead 5 - 0 early Tuesday and took a 7 - 1 lead in the sixth inning . Holland won his fifth straight decision , but could n't quite finish it . Washington pulled the left-hander after back-to-back run-scoring hits by Hunter and Mark Trumbo with two outs in the ninth	True
Torii Hunter had two hits and drove in a run for the punchless Angels , who trailed Texas by just 1 games a week ago . Los Angeles has lost six of seven since , culminating in back-to-back flops in front of its home fans . One night after Angels starter Garrett Richards left in the first inning with a groin injury , fellow rookie Tyler Chatwood ( 6 - 9 ) could n't get out of the third	True
After Hamilton put the Rangers up 3 - 0 with his 15th homer on Chatwood 's first pitch of the third inning , Young , Nelson Cruz and Mike Napoli loaded the bases . Moreland 's single chased Chatwood , who was replaced by Trevor Bell , one of two pitchers recalled by the Angels after the bullpen was forced to pitch eight - plus innings Monday . Texas added runs on Yorvit Torrealba 's RBI single in the fifth	True
After Hamilton put the Rangers up 3 - 0 with his 15th homer on Chatwood 's first pitch of the third inning , Young , Nelson Cruz and Mike Napoli loaded the bases . Moreland 's single chased Chatwood , who was replaced by Trevor Bell , one of two pitchers recalled by the Angels after the bullpen was forced to pitch eight - plus innings Monday . Texas added runs on Yorvit Torrealba 's RBI single in the fifth and Young 's sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Twins designated hitter Jim Thome went 0 for 3 with a walk and remained two shy of 600 career homers as Minnesota lost for the 11th time in 13 games . Chris Perez , who pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chris Perez , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 28 chances , said Cleveland is pushing for a possible run to retake the lead from the Tigers . The Indians used an eight - game winning streak to start the year 8 - 2 and by May 23 had a seven - game lead in the division . Injuries started to mount and Cleveland dropped out of first	False
By taking the first two of three games against Minnesota after winning two of three from the Tigers , Cleveland has won consecutive series for the first time since winning three sets in a row over Arizona , Cincinnati and the New York Yankees from June 27 to July 6 . Cabrera connected in the third	True
Cabrera connected in the third , driving a 1 - 0 pitch from Brian Duensing ( 8 - 11 ) over the wall in left after Shin-Soo Choo hit a leadoff single and Jason Donald walked . Tomlin moved to 1 - 1 in five starts since losing 7 - 5 at Minnesota on July 20 . The right-hander was charged with one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , leaving with Twins on first	False
Cabrera connected in the third , driving a 1 - 0 pitch from Brian Duensing ( 8 - 11 ) over the wall in left after Shin-Soo Choo hit a leadoff single and Jason Donald walked . Tomlin moved to 1 - 1 in five starts since losing 7 - 5 at Minnesota on July 20 . The right-hander was charged with one run and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , leaving with Twins on first and second	False
Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire was impressed with Tomlin , who has worked at least five innings in all 36 of his career starts . Joe Smith came in and got Danny Valencia on a short fly to right-center before Delmon Young blooped an RBI single to right , scoring Justin Morneau from second	False
Joe Smith came in and got Danny Valencia on a short fly to right-center before Delmon Young blooped an RBI single to right , scoring Justin Morneau from second to make it 3 - 1 . Rafael Perez then struck out Tsuyoshi Nishioka to strand two runners . Tony Sipp worked a perfect eighth	True
Lincecum , a two - time Cy Young Award winner , went 0 - 5 with a 7.82 ERA last August . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
Lincecum , a two - time Cy Young Award winner , went 0 - 5 with a 7.82 ERA last August . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Brian Wilson a scoreless ninth	True
The Giants entered having lost 11 of 14 . The Marlins snapped a seven - game losing streak on Friday night . Aubrey Huff 's two - out double to left in the sixth scored Cody Ross from second	False
Ross led off with a single and advanced on Vazquez 's wild pitch . With two outs , Huff lofted a fly down the line , where Logan Morrison failed to catch the ball as he ran into foul territory . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth when Nate Schierholtz scored on Vazquez 's wild pitch . Schierholtz opened with a double to left and took third	False
Schierholtz opened with a double to left and took third on Morrison 's throwing error . After Orlando Cabrera fouled out , Schierholtz came home on the wild pitch with Aaron Rowand batting . Keppinger hit Vazquez 's first pitch down the left-field line for a home run with one out in the first	True
Ian Kinsler had two hits and three RBIs for Texas , which increased its AL West lead to three games over the Los Angeles Angels . The Rangers scored all seven of their runs over the final four innings but manager Ron Washington said the tone of the game was set when Lewis pitched out of the jam in the first	True
Oakland 's four errors -- all coming in the infield -- led to only one unearned run but extended several innings . It 's the fourth time this season the A 's have had four or more errors in a game . It also spoiled what was an otherwise solid outing by Cahill ( 9 - 11 ) , who faced the minimum through five innings and carried a no-hitter into the sixth	True
It also spoiled what was an otherwise solid outing by Cahill ( 9 - 11 ) , who faced the minimum through five innings and carried a no-hitter into the sixth before Yorvit Torrealba 's one - out single gave the Rangers their second baserunner . Torrealba , who extended his hitting streak to 11 games , was thrown out trying to steal second	False
Kinsler followed with a run-scoring double down the left-field line . The Rangers made it 2 - 0 when Josh Hamilton singled leading off the seventh	True
Kinsler followed with a run-scoring double down the left-field line . The Rangers made it 2 - 0 when Josh Hamilton singled leading off the seventh , took second	False
The Rangers made it 2 - 0 when Josh Hamilton singled leading off the seventh , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Napoli 's double . Andrus doubled in Chavez in the eighth	False
Cahill has lost six of his last seven decisions . The right-hander allowed four runs , three earned , and seven hits . Lewis , who had n't won since July 22 , headed for the dugout after Josh Willingham doubled in the seventh	True
The A 's could n't get much else going and only made things worse with a steady stream of shaky plays in the field . Kinsler , who was batting only .148 over his previous 15 games , had a two - run double in the ninth	True
Bruce hit a three - run homer with two out in the eighth inning to lift the Reds to a 5 - 3 victory over the Padres . Logan Forsythe 's tiebreaking RBI single put San Diego in front in the top half of the eighth	True
Logan Forsythe 's tiebreaking RBI single put San Diego in front in the top half of the eighth , but the Reds rallied in the bottom half against Josh Spence ( 0 - 1 ) . Pinch hitter Ramon Hernandez walked with one out and pinch runner Brandon Phillips moved to second	False
Pinch hitter Ramon Hernandez walked with one out and pinch runner Brandon Phillips moved to second on pinch hitter Edgar Renteria 's short groundout to Spence . Votto was intentionally walked and Bruce responded with a drive into the seats in right for his 24th homer . Bruce also doubled in a run in the fourth	True
Pinch hitter Ramon Hernandez walked with one out and pinch runner Brandon Phillips moved to second on pinch hitter Edgar Renteria 's short groundout to Spence . Votto was intentionally walked and Bruce responded with a drive into the seats in right for his 24th homer . Bruce also doubled in a run in the fourth for Cincinnati , which has won three straight games . Bill Bray ( 3 - 2 ) got the final out of the eighth	True
Pinch hitter Ramon Hernandez walked with one out and pinch runner Brandon Phillips moved to second on pinch hitter Edgar Renteria 's short groundout to Spence . Votto was intentionally walked and Bruce responded with a drive into the seats in right for his 24th homer . Bruce also doubled in a run in the fourth for Cincinnati , which has won three straight games . Bill Bray ( 3 - 2 ) got the final out of the eighth , and Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Mat Latos pitched seven effective innings for San Diego but had to settle for a no-decision . The right-hander gave up two runs and four hits , struck out five and walked one . Latos was in position to get the win before Drew Stubbs singled in Miguel Cairo to tie it at 2 in the seventh	True
Bronson Arroyo made a pair of errors but pitched six effective innings for Cincinnati . The soft-tossing right-hander allowed two runs , one earned , and six hits . He also struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Arroyo strained his Achilles tendon covering first	True
Arroyo felt the pain but wanted to continue . The Padres grabbed the lead in the first	True
The Padres grabbed the lead in the first , taking advantage of Arroyo 's unusual error . Arroyo , last year 's Gold Glove pitcher , missed first base and turned his right ankle on Jason Bartlett 's one - out grounder to first baseman Votto . Cameron Maybin then walked and Bartlett moved to third	False
Cameron Maybin then walked and Bartlett moved to third on Jesus Guzman 's grounder , setting up Hudson 's RBI single to short left-center field . Hundley , reinstated from the 15-day disabled list before the game , led off the second	True
Cameron Maybin then walked and Bartlett moved to third on Jesus Guzman 's grounder , setting up Hudson 's RBI single to short left-center field . Hundley , reinstated from the 15-day disabled list before the game , led off the second with a 406-foot home run to left-center field , his fourth	False
LOS ANGELES -- After loading the bases with none out in the ninth inning and coming up empty , the Los Angeles Dodgers were not going to be denied . Matt Kemp hit an RBI single in the 10th	True
Josh Lindblom ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for his first major league win . The victory was a welcomed relief for the Dodgers , who wasted a leadoff triple in the ninth	True
Josh Lindblom ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for his first major league win . The victory was a welcomed relief for the Dodgers , who wasted a leadoff triple in the ninth by Juan Rivera . Fernando Rodriguez intentionally walked both James Loney and Dioner Navarro before striking out pinch hitter Tony Gwynn Jr. and getting a force at the plate on Jamey Carroll 's tapper toward the mound . Aaron Miles then grounded out to second	False
In his previous start against Los Angeles on June 19 at Dodger Stadium , Norris gave up only one hit in six innings -- but ended up with a no-decision as the Astros lost 1 - 0 on an eighth-inning homer by Navarro against Wilton Lopez . Nathan Eovaldi held the Astros to just two hits over six innings in his second major league start , striking out three and walking four . The 21-year-old right-hander escaped a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the fourth	True
In his previous start against Los Angeles on June 19 at Dodger Stadium , Norris gave up only one hit in six innings -- but ended up with a no-decision as the Astros lost 1 - 0 on an eighth-inning homer by Navarro against Wilton Lopez . Nathan Eovaldi held the Astros to just two hits over six innings in his second major league start , striking out three and walking four . The 21-year-old right-hander escaped a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the fourth when J. D. Martinez hit a broken-bat liner to second	False
BALTIMORE -- Scoring four runs before making an out , the Chicago White Sox made it easy for Mark Buehrle to reach double figures in wins for an 11th straight season . Buehrle pitched eight innings to earn his 10th win , Alexei Ramirez homered in a four - run first	True
Buehrle is 4 - 0 in his past five starts , and his run of 10-win seasons is a franchise record . In this one , the early cushion did n't hurt . Sergio Santos worked a perfect ninth	True
Nick Markakis hit his 100th career home run for the Orioles , who have lost seven of nine . Tillman ( 3 - 5 ) did n't get an out until his 20th pitch and ended up giving up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . Tillman escaped damage in the second despite giving up a leadoff double to Pierre but could n't get out of the third	True
Nick Markakis hit his 100th career home run for the Orioles , who have lost seven of nine . Tillman ( 3 - 5 ) did n't get an out until his 20th pitch and ended up giving up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . Tillman escaped damage in the second despite giving up a leadoff double to Pierre but could n't get out of the third . Adam Dunn walked and took third	False
Nick Markakis hit his 100th career home run for the Orioles , who have lost seven of nine . Tillman ( 3 - 5 ) did n't get an out until his 20th pitch and ended up giving up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings . Tillman escaped damage in the second despite giving up a leadoff double to Pierre but could n't get out of the third . Adam Dunn walked and took third on a single by Brent Morel , who took an extra base when Markakis attempted to throw out Dunn at third	False
In the bottom half , Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy before Markakis launched a shot over the right-field scoreboard . After Baltimore put runners on second	False
In the bottom half , Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy before Markakis launched a shot over the right-field scoreboard . After Baltimore put runners on second and third	False
In the bottom half , Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy before Markakis launched a shot over the right-field scoreboard . After Baltimore put runners on second and third with two outs in the fifth	True
In the bottom half , Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy before Markakis launched a shot over the right-field scoreboard . After Baltimore put runners on second and third with two outs in the fifth , Buehrle struck out Markakis . The Orioles had only one baserunner the rest of the way -- Reimold , who beat out a grounder with two outs in the seventh	True
Astros starter Henry Sosa ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in his major league debut . Sosa walked three , struck out four and hit a batter . Bloomquist hit Sosa 's fourth pitch into the bleachers in left field for his second career leadoff home run and Arizona 's fourth	False
Bloomquist hit Sosa 's fourth pitch into the bleachers in left field for his second career leadoff home run and Arizona 's fourth this season . Ryan Roberts doubled to center , Montero walked with one out and Kelly Johnson walked with two outs before Goldschmidt singled to make it 3 - 0 . Houston scored twice in the fifth	True
Houston scored twice in the fifth on its only four hits against Collmenter . Brian Bogusevic singled , Jimmy Paredes doubled and Barmes lined an RBI single to right . Quintero followed with a single to center to make it 3 - 2 , but Collmenter retired the final three batters to get out of trouble . Upton doubled and scored and a double by Chris Young in the fifth put Arizona ahead 4 - 2 . Roberts scored from third	False
Houston scored twice in the fifth on its only four hits against Collmenter . Brian Bogusevic singled , Jimmy Paredes doubled and Barmes lined an RBI single to right . Quintero followed with a single to center to make it 3 - 2 , but Collmenter retired the final three batters to get out of trouble . Upton doubled and scored and a double by Chris Young in the fifth put Arizona ahead 4 - 2 . Roberts scored from third in the seventh	False
Upton doubled and scored and a double by Chris Young in the fifth put Arizona ahead 4 - 2 . Roberts scored from third in the seventh when Barmes dropped reliever Sergio Escalona 's throw to second base on a stolen base attempt by Upton . J. B. Shuck came home on a grounder to short by Lee to pull Houston within 5 - 3 . Parra tripled off the wall in center in the eighth	False
Mike Leake ( 10 - 7 ) gave up 11 hits in 7 1/3 innings , including Troy Tulowitzki 's solo homer , but managed to become the Reds ' first 10-game winner -- with the help of a Rockies blunder at the end . Colorado had a chance to tie in the ninth	True
Mike Leake ( 10 - 7 ) gave up 11 hits in 7 1/3 innings , including Troy Tulowitzki 's solo homer , but managed to become the Reds ' first 10-game winner -- with the help of a Rockies blunder at the end . Colorado had a chance to tie in the ninth against Francisco Cordero . Eliezer Alfonzo doubled with one out , and pinch-runner Eric Young Jr. stole third	False
Mike Leake ( 10 - 7 ) gave up 11 hits in 7 1/3 innings , including Troy Tulowitzki 's solo homer , but managed to become the Reds ' first 10-game winner -- with the help of a Rockies blunder at the end . Colorado had a chance to tie in the ninth against Francisco Cordero . Eliezer Alfonzo doubled with one out , and pinch-runner Eric Young Jr. stole third . Young took off on contact when Dexter Fowler grounded back to the mound and was out in a rundown that allowed Fowler to get to second	False
Millwood was doing fine until Renteria -- one of the few players in Cincinnati 's lineup who knows him very well -- led off the fourth inning with a homer . Renteria has a .326 career batting average off Millwood with three homers . One out later , Bruce hit his second homer of the series for a 2 - 0 lead . The trend continued when Votto led off the sixth	True
The trend continued when Votto led off the sixth with an opposite-field drive off a full-count pitch . It was Cincinnati 's fourth hit of the game , three of them solo shots . Millwood gave up six hits overall in seven innings , striking out six while throwing 100 pitches . The 11 hits off Leake were a season high , but nine of them were singles . Cincinnati 's defense scuttled rallies by turning double plays in the second	True
The trend continued when Votto led off the sixth with an opposite-field drive off a full-count pitch . It was Cincinnati 's fourth hit of the game , three of them solo shots . Millwood gave up six hits overall in seven innings , striking out six while throwing 100 pitches . The 11 hits off Leake were a season high , but nine of them were singles . Cincinnati 's defense scuttled rallies by turning double plays in the second , fourth	True
The trend continued when Votto led off the sixth with an opposite-field drive off a full-count pitch . It was Cincinnati 's fourth hit of the game , three of them solo shots . Millwood gave up six hits overall in seven innings , striking out six while throwing 100 pitches . The 11 hits off Leake were a season high , but nine of them were singles . Cincinnati 's defense scuttled rallies by turning double plays in the second , fourth , fifth	True
The trend continued when Votto led off the sixth with an opposite-field drive off a full-count pitch . It was Cincinnati 's fourth hit of the game , three of them solo shots . Millwood gave up six hits overall in seven innings , striking out six while throwing 100 pitches . The 11 hits off Leake were a season high , but nine of them were singles . Cincinnati 's defense scuttled rallies by turning double plays in the second , fourth , fifth and seventh innings . Fowler singled home a run in the fifth	True
The trend continued when Votto led off the sixth with an opposite-field drive off a full-count pitch . It was Cincinnati 's fourth hit of the game , three of them solo shots . Millwood gave up six hits overall in seven innings , striking out six while throwing 100 pitches . The 11 hits off Leake were a season high , but nine of them were singles . Cincinnati 's defense scuttled rallies by turning double plays in the second , fourth , fifth and seventh innings . Fowler singled home a run in the fifth , and Tulowitzki tied it at 2 when he led off the sixth	True
Giavotella faced Rick Porcello , Justin Verlander and Max Scherzer . Giavotella led off the three - run fourth	True
Giavotella faced Rick Porcello , Justin Verlander and Max Scherzer . Giavotella led off the three - run fourth with a double , advanced to third	False
Giavotella led off the three - run fourth with a double , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on a Billy Butler groundout . Mitch Maier 's triple scored Eric Hosmer , who singled . Brayan Pena 's two - out single brought home Maier . Giavotella homered to left on a 2 - 1 pitch from Scherzer in the fifth	True
Giavotella homered to left on a 2 - 1 pitch from Scherzer in the fifth . Royals left-hander Bruce Chen ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs on five hits in five - plus innings , while striking out five -- three in the first inning -- and no walks to pick up his first victory since July 6 . He allowed three hits to start the three - run sixth	True
Scherzer ( 11 - 7 ) , who like Chen did not return after the rain delay , yielded four runs on six hits in five innings . Scherzer was 3 - 0 with a 0.89 ERA in his previous three starts against Kansas City . The Tigers trimmed the lead to a run in the fifth	True
The Tigers trimmed the lead to a run in the fifth with Andy Dirks , Austin Jackson and Miguel Cabrera contributing RBI doubles . Joakim Soria worked the ninth	True
Gordon was credited with hit 18th outfield assist in the fourth inning when Cabrera was out 7 - 6 - 6 trying to stretch a single into a double . Jermaine Dye in 2001 , and Mark Teahen in 2007 , shared the record with 17 outfield assists . Royals right-fielder Jeff Francoeur threw out Jhonny Peralta , who attempted to go from first	False
Gordon was credited with hit 18th outfield assist in the fourth inning when Cabrera was out 7 - 6 - 6 trying to stretch a single into a double . Jermaine Dye in 2001 , and Mark Teahen in 2007 , shared the record with 17 outfield assists . Royals right-fielder Jeff Francoeur threw out Jhonny Peralta , who attempted to go from first to third	False
Gordon was credited with hit 18th outfield assist in the fourth inning when Cabrera was out 7 - 6 - 6 trying to stretch a single into a double . Jermaine Dye in 2001 , and Mark Teahen in 2007 , shared the record with 17 outfield assists . Royals right-fielder Jeff Francoeur threw out Jhonny Peralta , who attempted to go from first to third on Alex Avila 's single in the seventh	True
Turner put a stop to that by hitting his second homer of the game to put New York up for good in the fourth inning and the Mets stopped a five - game losing streak with an 11 - 7 victory over Atlanta on Saturday night . Jason Bay answered the Braves ' big third	True
Dan Uggla extended his hitting streak to 27 games and Freddie Freeman ran his own to 20 for the Braves , who have lost four of six . Jonathon Niese ( 11 - 8 ) gave up a season-high 10 hits , but made it through five innings . He allowed five runs and struck out six to win for the fourth time in five decisions and eighth	False
Niese gave up all five runs in the third inning , and the leadoff batter reached in the first four innings against him . In that third inning , Freeman 's broken-bat RBI single extended his streak and Uggla followed with a roller down the third base line that just barely stayed fair and was too slow to draw a throw . Both of them came home on David Ross 's two - run single . After Alex Gonzalez singled to put runners on first	False
Niese gave up all five runs in the third inning , and the leadoff batter reached in the first four innings against him . In that third inning , Freeman 's broken-bat RBI single extended his streak and Uggla followed with a roller down the third base line that just barely stayed fair and was too slow to draw a throw . Both of them came home on David Ross 's two - run single . After Alex Gonzalez singled to put runners on first and third	False
In that third inning , Freeman 's broken-bat RBI single extended his streak and Uggla followed with a roller down the third base line that just barely stayed fair and was too slow to draw a throw . Both of them came home on David Ross 's two - run single . After Alex Gonzalez singled to put runners on first and third , Jose Constanza hit a blooper that barely made it past the mound . Turner came in from second base and dived , but the ball bounced just at the lip of his glove . He held the ball up for a second	False
In that third inning , Freeman 's broken-bat RBI single extended his streak and Uggla followed with a roller down the third base line that just barely stayed fair and was too slow to draw a throw . Both of them came home on David Ross 's two - run single . After Alex Gonzalez singled to put runners on first and third , Jose Constanza hit a blooper that barely made it past the mound . Turner came in from second base and dived , but the ball bounced just at the lip of his glove . He held the ball up for a second , thinking he made the catch , then fired to second	False
Turner came in from second base and dived , but the ball bounced just at the lip of his glove . He held the ball up for a second , thinking he made the catch , then fired to second to get Gonzalez while Ross came home . Hanson grounded out to end the inning . Bay answered with a two - run shot with two outs in the third	True
Turner came in from second base and dived , but the ball bounced just at the lip of his glove . He held the ball up for a second , thinking he made the catch , then fired to second to get Gonzalez while Ross came home . Hanson grounded out to end the inning . Bay answered with a two - run shot with two outs in the third that got the Mets back to within a run , and Thole took Hanson deep in the fourth	True
After Jason Kubel gave the Twins a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run homer , Buehrle got into his familiar groove of working quickly and retired 22 of the last 24 hitters he faced . Chris Sale pitched the ninth	True
Chris Sale pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . The White Sox -- third	False
The White Sox -- third in the AL Central -- needed Quentin 's 14th multihomer game of his career to get back to winning and beat the Twins for the just the 11th time in their past 13 games . His two - run shot in the fifth	True
His two - run shot in the fifth off starter Nick Blackburn ( 7 - 9 ) gave Chicago the lead for good . The Twins honored the 1991 World Series championship team during a pregame ceremony and gave away a bobblehead commemorating the famous play in Game 2 where Ron Gant was called out at first	False
Minnesota arrived home at 5:30 a.m. Friday after going 4 - 6 on a West Coast trip , and are nine games behind Detroit in the AL Central . A common theme during the Twins ' slide has been lackluster starting pitching and an offense that shows no life after falling behind . The Twins managed two hits after falling behind in the fifth	True
The White Sox left the bases loaded twice , were 0 - for - 10 with runners in scoring position and stranded 13 runners . They managed to get one run home with the bases loaded when Alexei Ramirez scored on a wild pitch in the eighth	True
They managed to get one run home with the bases loaded when Alexei Ramirez scored on a wild pitch in the eighth . Joe Mauer -- getting another start at first base -- drove in the Twins ' other run with a single in the first	True
`` I started playing baseball at a really young age in the backyard . I had a few swings right-handed , I would switch over to left-handed and try to hit it over the fence left-handed . That record is pretty special . '' Teixeira 's two - run shot to left batting right-handed against John Danks made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
`` I started playing baseball at a really young age in the backyard . I had a few swings right-handed , I would switch over to left-handed and try to hit it over the fence left-handed . That record is pretty special . '' Teixeira 's two - run shot to left batting right-handed against John Danks made it 4 - 0 in the third and was his 30th homer of the season -- marking the seventh straight season the slugger has reached that mark . He added a solo drive batting left-handed against Jason Frasor in the seventh	True
Manager Joe Girardi was impressed . Chicago has lost four straight and fell 5 1/2 games behind Detroit in the AL Central . The game was delayed twice -- by the threat of bad weather for 45 minutes at the start and for 57 minutes just before the bottom of the seventh	True
Chicago has lost four straight and fell 5 1/2 games behind Detroit in the AL Central . The game was delayed twice -- by the threat of bad weather for 45 minutes at the start and for 57 minutes just before the bottom of the seventh by a thunderstorm -- before it was called . New York scored in each of the first two innings . Derek Jeter , who missed the opener of the four - game set with a bruised finger , began the game with a single and scored on Robinson Cano 's two - out double to left-center . Russell Martin hit his 11th homer and first since June 29 in the second	True
Cabrera finished the season hitting .344 , six points ahead of Michael Young of Texas and Adrian Gonzalez of Boston . Jhonny Peralta hit his 21st homer of the season off Vinnie Pestano ( 1 - 2 ) in the eighth inning to give the Tigers a 5 - 4 lead after Ryan Perry ( 2 - 0 ) allowed Cleveland to tie it in the top of the eighth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit his 21st homer of the season off Vinnie Pestano ( 1 - 2 ) in the eighth inning to give the Tigers a 5 - 4 lead after Ryan Perry ( 2 - 0 ) allowed Cleveland to tie it in the top of the eighth . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
The Indians led 3 - 0 , and starter Zach McAllister went five innings without allowing an earned run , but the bullpen could n't hold on . Detroit took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
The Indians led 3 - 0 , and starter Zach McAllister went five innings without allowing an earned run , but the bullpen could n't hold on . Detroit took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh when Wilson Betemit tripled and pinch-runner Danny Worth scored on a wild pitch . Cleveland tied it in the eighth	False
Atlanta squandered an early two - run lead against Cliff Lee as the playoff-bound Philadelphia Phillies rallied for their 100th win of the season , 4 - 2 over the Braves on Monday night . But the wild-card lead remained at one game when the St. Louis Cardinals lost at last-place Houston 5 - 4 on a squeeze bunt in the 10th inning . The Braves , still clinging to a once-comfortable lead in the wild-card race thanks to the Astros , lost their third straight and seventh	False
Ditto for the senior member of the team , 39-year-old Chipper Jones . Barely able to run on an ailing right knee , Jones homered in the first	True
Ditto for the senior member of the team , 39-year-old Chipper Jones . Barely able to run on an ailing right knee , Jones homered in the first to get the Braves started quickly , but hit into an inning-ending double play in the eighth	True
The Phillies sure did n't go easy on the Braves , even though their trip to the playoffs was in the bag weeks ago . The Braves tried to rally at the end , but they could n't string together any hits -- a familiar theme for a team that has scored only three runs in the last three games . Brad Lidge gave up a walk and a single in the eighth	True
The Braves tried to rally at the end , but they could n't string together any hits -- a familiar theme for a team that has scored only three runs in the last three games . Brad Lidge gave up a walk and a single in the eighth , but Jones grounded one sharply to second baseman Chase Utley , who started the double play that sent many in the announced crowd of 42,597 heading for the exits . In the ninth	True
The Braves tried to rally at the end , but they could n't string together any hits -- a familiar theme for a team that has scored only three runs in the last three games . Brad Lidge gave up a walk and a single in the eighth , but Jones grounded one sharply to second baseman Chase Utley , who started the double play that sent many in the announced crowd of 42,597 heading for the exits . In the ninth , Dan Uggla lined one to left off Ryan Madson that got under the glove of a diving Ibanez . Uggla pulled up at second	False
The Braves tried to rally at the end , but they could n't string together any hits -- a familiar theme for a team that has scored only three runs in the last three games . Brad Lidge gave up a walk and a single in the eighth , but Jones grounded one sharply to second baseman Chase Utley , who started the double play that sent many in the announced crowd of 42,597 heading for the exits . In the ninth , Dan Uggla lined one to left off Ryan Madson that got under the glove of a diving Ibanez . Uggla pulled up at second with a double and that 's where he stayed . Freeman and Brian McCann struck out swinging before pinch hitter Jason Heyward grounded out to first	False
The Braves tried to lighten the mood before the game . Backup catcher David Ross entertained his teammates with his impression of the crusty manager in the movie `` Major League . '' Early on , it seemed to work . Atlanta jumped ahead against Lee , making his final tuneup before the playoffs . Jones drove his 18th homer into the left-field seats , then Matt Diaz and Alex Gonzalez had consecutive doubles in the second	True
The Braves had not led a game in three days , but they did n't fare any better playing out front . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Philadelphia broke through against 21-year-old rookie Randall Delgado , making just his seventh big league start . Hunter Pence got it started with a one - out single . Ryan Howard lined another hit to right-center and Shane Victorino walked to loaded the bases . Delgado made a bid to escape the jam , retiring Ibanez on a foul popup , but Placido Polanco followed with a sharp single up the middle to bring home Pence . The slow-running Howard had to stop at third	False
In the fourth , Philadelphia broke through against 21-year-old rookie Randall Delgado , making just his seventh big league start . Hunter Pence got it started with a one - out single . Ryan Howard lined another hit to right-center and Shane Victorino walked to loaded the bases . Delgado made a bid to escape the jam , retiring Ibanez on a foul popup , but Placido Polanco followed with a sharp single up the middle to bring home Pence . The slow-running Howard had to stop at third , and Carlos Ruiz flied out to center with the Braves still leading 2 - 1 . It did n't last long . Rollins tied it in the fifth	True
Delgado was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the bottom half , having surrendered five hits . The Phillies pulled ahead against the Atlanta bullpen . With one out in the sixth	True
Delgado was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the bottom half , having surrendered five hits . The Phillies pulled ahead against the Atlanta bullpen . With one out in the sixth , Victorino yanked one down the right-field line off Cristhian Martinez ( 1 - 3 ) and sped all the way to third	False
With one out in the sixth , Victorino yanked one down the right-field line off Cristhian Martinez ( 1 - 3 ) and sped all the way to third for a triple , just beating the relay throw . Eric O'Flaherty took over for Martinez , and the Braves pulled in the infield looking to cut off the go-ahead run . But Ibanez grounded one sharply past diving first baseman Freeman , and Victorino trotted home to make it 3 - 2 . Ibanez added another run-scoring hit in the eighth	True
Lee looked shaky in the beginning , giving up four extra-base hits to the first eight Atlanta hitters . But he settled down after that , retiring the next 12 in a row . Jones ended Lee 's dominance with one out in the sixth	True
Jose Reyes had three hits for the Mets to boost his bid for the NL batting title , but his baserunning blunder in the eighth inning cost them a chance to tie the game . New York was leading 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
New York was leading 4 - 3 in the sixth and had two runners on when David Wright hit a two - out drive to the gap in left-center . Heisey raced over and stretched out for a splendid , backhand grab that saved two runs . Joey Votto and Jay Bruce singled off Tim Byrdak ( 2 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Joey Votto and Jay Bruce singled off Tim Byrdak ( 2 - 1 ) in the seventh before Heisey hit the first pitch from Josh Stinson over the 16-foot fence in left field . Heisey , who has 18 home runs in 271 at-bats this year , finished with three hits . The speedy Reyes lined an RBI double into the right-field corner to cut it to 6 - 5 in the eighth	False
The speedy Reyes lined an RBI double into the right-field corner to cut it to 6 - 5 in the eighth , a ball that he normally would turn into a triple without much trouble . But the Mets have instructed Reyes to take it easy on his legs after hamstring injuries landed him on the disabled list twice during the summer , so he cruised toward second base at half-speed and appeared caught in-between . Perhaps expecting a throw to the plate that would allow him to take third	False
Reyes can become a free agent after the season and might be playing his final games with the Mets , who signed him when he was 16 . Logan Ondrusek ( 5 - 5 ) got one out for the win and Francisco Cordero escaped a jam in the ninth	True
Reyes can become a free agent after the season and might be playing his final games with the Mets , who signed him when he was 16 . Logan Ondrusek ( 5 - 5 ) got one out for the win and Francisco Cordero escaped a jam in the ninth to earn his 36th save in 42 chances . After his first two batters reached safely , Cordero threw out a runner at third	False
Smoak , the featured player in the 2010 midseason trade with Texas for lefty Cliff Lee , had his otherwise injured-ridden season sweetened Monday night with his three - run home run that helped give the Mariners a 4 - 2 victory over the Oakland A 's . With the score tied at 1 - 1 in the sixth	True
Smoak , the featured player in the 2010 midseason trade with Texas for lefty Cliff Lee , had his otherwise injured-ridden season sweetened Monday night with his three - run home run that helped give the Mariners a 4 - 2 victory over the Oakland A 's . With the score tied at 1 - 1 in the sixth , Dustin Ackley drilled a two - out single to center . Mike Carp dropped a single into left center , sending Ackley to third	False
Jason Vargas ( 10 - 13 ) earned his career-high 10th victory . He worked eight innings , allowing one run on five hits , walking none and striking out career-high 10 . Miguel Olivo also hit a solo home run in the fifth	True
Miguel Olivo also hit a solo home run in the fifth , his 19th . That broke the Mariners club record for most home runs by a catcher , one more than both Kenji Johjima and Dan Wilson . Brandon League finished the ninth	True
Miguel Olivo also hit a solo home run in the fifth , his 19th . That broke the Mariners club record for most home runs by a catcher , one more than both Kenji Johjima and Dan Wilson . Brandon League finished the ninth , allowing a run on Josh Willingham 's RBI groundout , scoring Coco Crisp from third	False
Miguel Olivo also hit a solo home run in the fifth , his 19th . That broke the Mariners club record for most home runs by a catcher , one more than both Kenji Johjima and Dan Wilson . Brandon League finished the ninth , allowing a run on Josh Willingham 's RBI groundout , scoring Coco Crisp from third . Crisp had opened the inning with a single and stole second	False
Miguel Olivo also hit a solo home run in the fifth , his 19th . That broke the Mariners club record for most home runs by a catcher , one more than both Kenji Johjima and Dan Wilson . Brandon League finished the ninth , allowing a run on Josh Willingham 's RBI groundout , scoring Coco Crisp from third . Crisp had opened the inning with a single and stole second and third	False
It was the first time this season that McCarthy has given up more than one home run in a game . The A 's touched Vargas in the first	True
It was the first time this season that McCarthy has given up more than one home run in a game . The A 's touched Vargas in the first . Jemile Weeks lead off the game with a double into the left-field corner . Crisp moved him to third	False
That broke Matsui 's 13-game streak without an RBI , the longest stretch of his career . No A 's player reached second	False
He added that reaching 200 innings ( 201 ) was a big step . With one out in the fifth	True
With one out in the fifth , Olivo tied it , hitting a 1 - 0 fastball over the left-field wall . Olivo leads the team in home runs and RBI ( 62 ) . No catcher has ever led the team in either category . Adam Rosales had a two - out single in the eighth	True
Upton homered with one out , and Zobrist hit an inside-the-park homer to right with two outs , also off Brett Cecil ( 4 - 11 ) . David Cooper had an RBI double in the second	True
Upton homered with one out , and Zobrist hit an inside-the-park homer to right with two outs , also off Brett Cecil ( 4 - 11 ) . David Cooper had an RBI double in the second , but Longoria 's two - run homer made it 4 - 1 in the third	True
David Cooper had an RBI double in the second , but Longoria 's two - run homer made it 4 - 1 in the third . He has driven in 82 runs over his last 95 games . After Toronto 's Dewayne Wise had a solo homer in the fifth	True
Damon hit a three - run homer Saturday night and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 to move within 1 games of Boston in the AL wild-card race . Damon connected with two out in the eighth	True
Damon hit a three - run homer Saturday night and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 2 to move within 1 games of Boston in the AL wild-card race . Damon connected with two out in the eighth , giving the Rays a four - run lead . Damon 's third hit of the game came after shortstop Mike McCoy mishandled Evan Longoria 's grounder for an error and Ben Zobrist flied out for the second	True
Damon has 2,720 hits , one away from tying Lou Gehrig for 57th place on the career list . The designated hitter is 5 for 7 with two homers and seven RBIs in his last three games . Rookie reliever Alex Torres ( 1 - 1 ) threw five shutout innings to earn his first big league win in his fourth game this season . The left-hander replaced Jeff Niemann to start the second	True
Rookie reliever Alex Torres ( 1 - 1 ) threw five shutout innings to earn his first big league win in his fourth game this season . The left-hander replaced Jeff Niemann to start the second and allowed three hits . Damon also had a run-scoring double in the first	True
Jose Bautista hit his major league-leading 43rd homer for the Blue Jays , who had won seven of 11 . Ricky Romero ( 15 - 11 ) gave up six runs -- one earned -- and six hits over 7 2 - 3 innings . After Brandon Gomes and Joel Peralta worked scoreless innings , closer Kyle Farnsworth pitched a perfect ninth	True
The eight scoreless innings by the Rays ' bullpen set a team record for a single game . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 2 in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 2 in the fourth on Zobrist 's solo homer . He has gone deep three times over his last seven games after going 39 games without a home run . Bautista put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 during the first	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 2 in the fourth on Zobrist 's solo homer . He has gone deep three times over his last seven games after going 39 games without a home run . Bautista put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 during the first when he lined a 3 - 2 pitch from Niemann into the left-field seats . Toronto failed to extend the lead later in the inning when David Cooper bounced out with runners on second	False
Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 2 in the fourth on Zobrist 's solo homer . He has gone deep three times over his last seven games after going 39 games without a home run . Bautista put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 during the first when he lined a 3 - 2 pitch from Niemann into the left-field seats . Toronto failed to extend the lead later in the inning when David Cooper bounced out with runners on second and third	False
Niemann had his scheduled start pushed back from Thursday to Saturday because of a sore upper back . A series of defensive blunders helped the Rays tie it at 2 in the bottom of the first	True
Niemann had his scheduled start pushed back from Thursday to Saturday because of a sore upper back . A series of defensive blunders helped the Rays tie it at 2 in the bottom of the first . B. J. Upton singled one pitch after Cooper was charged with an error at first	False
Niemann had his scheduled start pushed back from Thursday to Saturday because of a sore upper back . A series of defensive blunders helped the Rays tie it at 2 in the bottom of the first . B. J. Upton singled one pitch after Cooper was charged with an error at first for misplaying a foul ball . Upton then scored when McCoy was given an error after making an errant throw to first	False
The late rally off Herrera by the AL Central champs spoiled the Royals ' chance to finish with a winning record at home for the first time since 2000 . Instead , Kansas City heads out for a season-ending six - game road trip with a 40 - 41 mark at Kauffman Stadium . Detroit struck first	False
Detroit struck first when Felipe Paulino walked Austin Jackson to lead off the game . The speedy Tigers outfielder stole second base easily and then scored on Martinez 's single . Kansas City answered in the bottom half of the first	True
Kansas City answered in the bottom half of the first with RBI doubles by Billy Butler and Jeff Francoeur . Butler 's double was his 40th of the season , making Kansas City only the fourth franchise in major league history with four players with that many doubles . The other teams to accomplish the feat were the 2006 Rangers , the ' 32 Phillies and the ' 29 Tigers . Martinez tied the game with an RBI groundout in the fifth	True
Martinez tied the game with an RBI groundout in the fifth . The Royals pulled back ahead in the sixth	False
In the opener , Tommy Milone threw six scoreless innings and pinch-hitter Ryan Zimmerman delivered an RBI single in the 10th	True
The Nationals have won nine of 12 . Henry Rodriguez got the last two outs in the eighth	True
Danny Espinosa hit his 20th homer to give the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
lead in the second . Detwiler helped himself with a two - out RBI single in the sixth	True
Espinosa , who singled with one out . The Nationals got an unearned run in the seventh	True
The Nationals got an unearned run in the seventh when catcher Carlos Ruiz tried to pick off Jayson Werth at third	False
Pinch-hitter Michael Morse sparked Washington 's winning rally with a two - out walk in the 10th	True
scored when Zimmerman singled to center off Michael Stutes ( 6 - 2 ) . Tom Gorzelanny ( 4 - 6 ) worked the ninth	True
Tom Gorzelanny ( 4 - 6 ) worked the ninth for the victory . Storen got Ross Gload to ground out with runners on first	False
Tom Gorzelanny ( 4 - 6 ) worked the ninth for the victory . Storen got Ross Gload to ground out with runners on first and second	False
Roger Bernadina hit a three - run homer off reliever Michael Schwimer in the seventh	True
The teams , who were eliminated from the AL Central race last week when Detroit clinched the division , are battling for second place . The Indians lead the White Sox by 1 games . Trailing 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
The teams , who were eliminated from the AL Central race last week when Detroit clinched the division , are battling for second place . The Indians lead the White Sox by 1 games . Trailing 4 - 0 in the fifth , Chicago scored a run in the fifth	True
The teams , who were eliminated from the AL Central race last week when Detroit clinched the division , are battling for second place . The Indians lead the White Sox by 1 games . Trailing 4 - 0 in the fifth , Chicago scored a run in the fifth and two runs in both the sixth	True
The teams , who were eliminated from the AL Central race last week when Detroit clinched the division , are battling for second place . The Indians lead the White Sox by 1 games . Trailing 4 - 0 in the fifth , Chicago scored a run in the fifth and two runs in both the sixth and seventh	True
Matt Thornton ( 2 - 5 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win in the second game and Chris Sale went the final 1 2/3 innings for his seventh save . Cleveland took a 4 - 3 lead into the seventh	True
Matt Thornton ( 2 - 5 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win in the second game and Chris Sale went the final 1 2/3 innings for his seventh save . Cleveland took a 4 - 3 lead into the seventh before Chicago rallied against rookie reliever Zach Putnam ( 0 - 1 ) . Tyler Flowers started the rally with a single and took third	False
Both teams started rookies in the second game . Dylan Axelrod , making his second major league start , allowed four runs in 4 2/3 innings for the White Sox while Zach McAllister , in his third big-league start , gave up two runs in 5 1/3 innings for the Indians . Cleveland used four rookie pitchers in the second game , which led to problems finding the plate . Putnam hit Paul Konerko in the hip in the seventh inning . Josh Judy hit Beckham in the back and Ramirez in the shoulder in the ninth	True
Cleveland used four rookie pitchers in the second game , which led to problems finding the plate . Putnam hit Paul Konerko in the hip in the seventh inning . Josh Judy hit Beckham in the back and Ramirez in the shoulder in the ninth . Guillen was n't happy seeing so many of his players get drilled , but did n't think it was intentional . Cleveland managed one hit off Axelrod through three innings before scoring four times in the fourth	True
Cleveland managed one hit off Axelrod through three innings before scoring four times in the fourth . Jim Thome 's RBI single gave Cleveland the lead . Matt LaPorta 's run-scoring double and sacrifice flies by Grady Sizemore and Jack Hannahan completed the scoring . McAllister held the White Sox scoreless until the fifth	True
Travis Hafner and Kosuke Fukudome also homered off Gavin Floyd ( 12 - 12 ) , who has n't won since Aug. 29 . Hafner 's two - run homer in the first gave Cleveland the lead , but Chicago tied the game in the second	True
Eric Hosmer went 5 for 5 with a three - run homer and Luis Mendoza got his first major-league win in more than three years in the Royals ' 10 - 2 win over the Tigers on Tuesday night . Hosmer 's five - hit game was the first	False
Perez homered with Mitch Maier aboard the next inning after fouling off five consecutive pitches from Duane Below . Alex Gordon started the bottom of the first	True
Penny ( 10 - 11 ) allowed seven runs on 10 hits in four innings to lose for the first time since Aug. 28 . Austin Jackson 's double in the fifth scored Andy Dirks with the first Detroit run . Ramon Santiago , who reached on second baseman Johnny Giavotella 's error , scored on Delmon Young 's sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Infante 's sixth homer of the season came against his former team and handed Kimbrel ( 4 - 3 ) his seventh blown save opportunity in 52 chances . Dan Uggla and Jason Heyward went deep for Atlanta , which scored four runs in the seventh	True
Braves starter Mike Minor allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Stanton hit a solo shot into the upper deck in left in the first inning , then belted another solo shot in the third	True
The 21-year-old Stanton has two multihomer games this season and four in his career . He also hit a pair at Chicago on July 16 . Ricky Nolasco retired the first 12 batters he faced before Uggla singled leading off the fifth	True
CINCINNATI -- Prince Fielder and the Milwaukee Brewers have n't been too fond of Great American Ball Park . The way they played here this weekend might help change the way they feel . Fielder and Carlos Gomez each hit two - run homers in the first	True
Fielder and Carlos Gomez each hit two - run homers in the first and Zack Greinke breezed through seven sharp innings , leading the Brewers to an 8 - 1 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Sunday for a series sweep . Corey Hart added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Reds batters had just 13 hits while striking out 33 times and walking six in the series , leaving manager Dusty Baker looking for answers . Greinke allowed just one baserunner -- Edgar Renteria , who reached with one out in the fourth	True
Reds batters had just 13 hits while striking out 33 times and walking six in the series , leaving manager Dusty Baker looking for answers . Greinke allowed just one baserunner -- Edgar Renteria , who reached with one out in the fourth on Yuniesky Betancourt 's error and was caught stealing while Joey Votto was striking out -- before Juan Francisco lined an opposite-field single to left with two outs in the fifth	True
Ryan Braun followed with a slow roller halfway up the third base line for an infield single and Fielder hit the first pitch he saw 424 feet down the right-field line for his 34th homer . Milwaukee knocked Maloney out of the game in the second	True
Ryan Braun followed with a slow roller halfway up the third base line for an infield single and Fielder hit the first pitch he saw 424 feet down the right-field line for his 34th homer . Milwaukee knocked Maloney out of the game in the second . Hart , Gomez and Braun all singled to load the bases with one out . Fielder grounded to Votto at first	False
DENVER -- San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy said the task at hand is straightforward for the Giants in the waning days of the regular season . The Giants suceeded on both counts Saturday night . They scored four runs in the eighth	True
The Giants moved five games behind the Arizona Diamondbacks in the National League West with 10 games to play after Arizona lost at San Diego . San Francisco has made up 4 1/2 games on Arizona in a week . The Giants are also five games behind the Atlanta Braves in the wild-card race where they are third	False
The Giants are also five games behind the Atlanta Braves in the wild-card race where they are third and trail the St. Louis Cardinals by a half game . San Francisco scored once in the sixth	True
The Giants are also five games behind the Atlanta Braves in the wild-card race where they are third and trail the St. Louis Cardinals by a half game . San Francisco scored once in the sixth to go ahead 2 - 1 only to have the Rockies take a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the inning . That was the Giants ' plight in the eighth	True
San Francisco scored once in the sixth to go ahead 2 - 1 only to have the Rockies take a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the inning . That was the Giants ' plight in the eighth , when Huston Street came on for the Rockies and Andres Torres led off with a single . Street ( 1 - 4 ) , pitching in a set-up role after Rafael Betancourt took over as the closer in mid-August while he was on the disabled list , then fielded Jeff Keppinger 's bunt , but threw the ball wide of shortstop Hector Gomez , allowing Torres to take third	False
Street ( 1 - 4 ) , pitching in a set-up role after Rafael Betancourt took over as the closer in mid-August while he was on the disabled list , then fielded Jeff Keppinger 's bunt , but threw the ball wide of shortstop Hector Gomez , allowing Torres to take third . Carlos Beltran followed with a run-scoring double that sent Keppinger to third	False
Carlos Beltran followed with a run-scoring double that sent Keppinger to third . Street then struck out Mark DeRosa . But Brett Pill , who tripled home the Giants ' first run in the sixth	True
Gomez had gone 2 for 3 in his first major league start , one night after his major league debut , but Casilla struck him out to end the game . Waldis Joaquin ( 1 - 0 ) retired the two batters he faced in the eighth	True
One day after the Mets beat Atlanta 12 - 2 and got 20 hits , Hudson and Kimbrel shut them down . The Braves have won three of four and the Mets have lost seven of eight . Jones , whose career has been full of key hits against the Mets , did it again . He doubled in the seventh	True
One day after the Mets beat Atlanta 12 - 2 and got 20 hits , Hudson and Kimbrel shut them down . The Braves have won three of four and the Mets have lost seven of eight . Jones , whose career has been full of key hits against the Mets , did it again . He doubled in the seventh and was stranded , but delivered in the eighth	False
Hudson struck out at least 10 for the 12th time in his career . Dickey struck out four in 7 2/3 innings and also walked a season-high six . Dickey held the Braves to three runners through the first five innings -- Prado 's broken-bat single in the first	True
Hudson struck out at least 10 for the 12th time in his career . Dickey struck out four in 7 2/3 innings and also walked a season-high six . Dickey held the Braves to three runners through the first five innings -- Prado 's broken-bat single in the first and walks to Brian McCann in the second	True
Hudson struck out at least 10 for the 12th time in his career . Dickey struck out four in 7 2/3 innings and also walked a season-high six . Dickey held the Braves to three runners through the first five innings -- Prado 's broken-bat single in the first and walks to Brian McCann in the second and Freddie Freeman in the fifth	True
Dickey held the Braves to three runners through the first five innings -- Prado 's broken-bat single in the first and walks to Brian McCann in the second and Freddie Freeman in the fifth . Hudson escaped trouble in the third	True
Dickey held the Braves to three runners through the first five innings -- Prado 's broken-bat single in the first and walks to Brian McCann in the second and Freddie Freeman in the fifth . Hudson escaped trouble in the third with runners on first	False
Dickey held the Braves to three runners through the first five innings -- Prado 's broken-bat single in the first and walks to Brian McCann in the second and Freddie Freeman in the fifth . Hudson escaped trouble in the third with runners on first and second	False
Hudson escaped trouble in the third with runners on first and second when Dickey struck out on a sacrifice bunt attempt and Jose Reyes grounded into a double play . In the New York sixth	True
Hudson escaped trouble in the third with runners on first and second when Dickey struck out on a sacrifice bunt attempt and Jose Reyes grounded into a double play . In the New York sixth , Ruben Tejada led off with a single and advanced to second	False
In the New York sixth , Ruben Tejada led off with a single and advanced to second on Hudson 's wild pitch strikeout of Dickey . Hudson walked Reyes on four pitches , but stranded the runners on Angel Pagan 's flyout and Wright 's grounder . Duda led off with a single in the seventh	True
In the New York sixth , Ruben Tejada led off with a single and advanced to second on Hudson 's wild pitch strikeout of Dickey . Hudson walked Reyes on four pitches , but stranded the runners on Angel Pagan 's flyout and Wright 's grounder . Duda led off with a single in the seventh and advanced to second	False
And he returned to the rotation just in time . In his first start in 11 days , Beckett pitched six solid innings to lead the Red Sox to a 4 - 3 victory over Tampa Bay on Friday night , slowing the charge of the third-place Rays and extending Boston 's lead in the AL wild-card race to four games . It was the second win in nine games for the Red Sox , and their first	False
The Rays trailed Boston by nine games on Sept. 3 and had a chance to catch them with a four - game sweep in Fenway . But trade-deadline pickup Mike Aviles broke a fourth-inning tie with his first homer since joining the Red Sox , and Boston assured itself of the wild-card lead at least through the end of the weekend . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
The Rays trailed Boston by nine games on Sept. 3 and had a chance to catch them with a four - game sweep in Fenway . But trade-deadline pickup Mike Aviles broke a fourth-inning tie with his first homer since joining the Red Sox , and Boston assured itself of the wild-card lead at least through the end of the weekend . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 30th save -- his first since Aug. 18 -- striking out Evan Longoria with a runner on second	False
The Rays trailed Boston by nine games on Sept. 3 and had a chance to catch them with a four - game sweep in Fenway . But trade-deadline pickup Mike Aviles broke a fourth-inning tie with his first homer since joining the Red Sox , and Boston assured itself of the wild-card lead at least through the end of the weekend . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 30th save -- his first since Aug. 18 -- striking out Evan Longoria with a runner on second to end the game . But the best news might have been the performance of Daniel Bard , who rebounded after three straight losses to strike out three in a scoreless eighth	True
Boston ace Jon Lester faces Jeff Niemann on Saturday . Beckett ( 13 - 5 ) left his Sept. 5 start with a sprained ankle and skipped his next turn in the rotation . He allowed three runs -- two earned -- on Friday night , giving up seven hits , an intentional walk and a hit batter while striking out seven . He fanned John Jaso with a runner on third	False
Beckett ( 13 - 5 ) left his Sept. 5 start with a sprained ankle and skipped his next turn in the rotation . He allowed three runs -- two earned -- on Friday night , giving up seven hits , an intentional walk and a hit batter while striking out seven . He fanned John Jaso with a runner on third to end the sixth -- a called strike that got Rays manager Joe Maddon ejected . In two previous starts against Tampa Bay this season , Beckett pitched 17 scoreless innings , allowing just a pair of infield singles . But he ran into trouble early on Friday when Jennings led off the game with a bunt single and took second	False
In two previous starts against Tampa Bay this season , Beckett pitched 17 scoreless innings , allowing just a pair of infield singles . But he ran into trouble early on Friday when Jennings led off the game with a bunt single and took second on Beckett 's throwing error ; two batters later , Longoria homered off the top of the Green Monster . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on RBI singles by Dustin Pedroia and David Ortiz . The teams matched runs in the third	True
Shields allowed four runs on seven hits and three walks , striking out four in seven innings . Longoria also saved a run in the field when he dove to his right to snare Pedroia 's liner and essentially landed on third base , doubling off Aviles to end the seventh	True
So which accomplishment was he more proud of ? Stammen ( 1 - 1 ) entered in the sixth	True
So which accomplishment was he more proud of ? Stammen ( 1 - 1 ) entered in the sixth with two on , and got three straight outs to escape the trouble . After a leadoff walk in the seventh	True
So which accomplishment was he more proud of ? Stammen ( 1 - 1 ) entered in the sixth with two on , and got three straight outs to escape the trouble . After a leadoff walk in the seventh , he got the first	False
Stammen 's strong sixth caused manager Davey Johnson to let him come to the plate . Just 15 for 69 ( .217 ) at the plate in his big league career coming in , Stammen singled off Dale Thayer ( 0 - 2 ) leading off the seventh	True
Just 15 for 69 ( .217 ) at the plate in his big league career coming in , Stammen singled off Dale Thayer ( 0 - 2 ) leading off the seventh for his first hit since July 30 last year against Philadelphia 's Roy Oswalt . Ian Desmond singled him to second	False
And Stammen left a positive impression on the 68-year-old Johnson , who took over as manager in June . Drew Storen , Washington 's seventh pitcher , pitched the ninth	True
Drew Storen , Washington 's seventh pitcher , pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 41 chances . The Mets put runners at the corners on two - out singles by Jose Reyes and Ruben Tejada before Lucas Duda struck out on three pitches . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Duda 's RBI single . A second run scored when the ball skipped past Jayson Werth in right for an error . Werth started there because of a sore calf and Ankiel moved to center . Ankiel made a key play when he threw to the plate on the fly to throw out Josh Thole earlier in the inning . Ankiel and Michael Morse tied it in the sixth	False
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mark DeRosa kept glancing at the out-of-town scoreboard as he sat on the bench for seven innings . By the time he came to bat in the 12th	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mark DeRosa kept glancing at the out-of-town scoreboard as he sat on the bench for seven innings . By the time he came to bat in the 12th , he 'd seen the teams ahead of the Giants all win . DeRosa 's two - out drive against Brad Brach ( 0 - 2 ) just evaded Hudson , allowing Cody Ross to score from third	False
Jason Bartlett had a two - run double for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Ross kicked off the Giants ' 12th	True
Jason Bartlett had a two - run double for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Ross kicked off the Giants ' 12th with a leadoff single . He moved to second	False
Jason Bartlett had a two - run double for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Ross kicked off the Giants ' 12th with a leadoff single . He moved to second on a wild pitch and Carlos Beltran was intentionally walked . Sandoval bounced into a fielder 's choice before DeRosa recorded his fifth career game-ending hit and first	False
Cory Luebke struck out eight in six innings for the Padres , yielding two runs and 10 hits . The left-hander is 0 - 3 with a 4.28 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants grabbed the lead in the first	True
Cory Luebke struck out eight in six innings for the Padres , yielding two runs and 10 hits . The left-hander is 0 - 3 with a 4.28 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants grabbed the lead in the first . Ross led off with a single , moved to third	False
The Giants grabbed the lead in the first . Ross led off with a single , moved to third on Beltran 's double and scored on Sandoval 's base hit . Sandoval and Brett Pill opened the fourth	True
Sandoval and Brett Pill opened the fourth with singles . After Orlando Cabrera struck out , Christian lined a single into center to give the Giants a 2 - 0 edge . Javier Lopez came in for Cain with a runner on first	False
Valbuena also singled twice and scored two runs as the Indians collected 14 hits . Trevor Crowe had three singles , and Jason Donald and Lonnie Chisenhall added two hits apiece . Valbuena drove an 0 - 2 pitch from Will Ohman over the wall in right in the sixth	True
Alejandro De Aza went 2 for 3 , scored two runs and stole two bases for Chicago . Juan Pierre and Alexei Ramirez each singled twice and drove in a run . Jimenez walked the bases full in the fourth	True
Alejandro De Aza went 2 for 3 , scored two runs and stole two bases for Chicago . Juan Pierre and Alexei Ramirez each singled twice and drove in a run . Jimenez walked the bases full in the fourth , the last of the free passes issued to Brent Morel , who has drawn seven of his 14 walks this season since Sept. 1 . Jimenez got Gordon Beckham on a grounder to third	False
The White Sox also left the bases full four times on Saturday . The Indians broke it open with three runs in the eighth	True
The Indians broke it open with three runs in the eighth against Matt Thornton . Donald drove in a run with an infield hit and Carlos Santana lashed a two - run double to right . The Indians earned a split in the four - game series between teams chasing Detroit in the AL Central . The Tigers won their ninth	False
Manager Bob Melvin was tired of losing to the A 's division rival , and he let the players know how he felt following Friday night 's 13 - 4 defeat to Texas . With the score tied at 3 , Rangers starter Alexi Ogando ( 12 - 8 ) hit Josh Willingham with a pitch leading off the sixth	True
With the score tied at 3 , Rangers starter Alexi Ogando ( 12 - 8 ) hit Josh Willingham with a pitch leading off the sixth , and David DeJesus followed with a single . Texas manager Ron Washington replaced Ogando with left-hander Mike Gonzalez . Ryan Sweeney attempted to bunt , and Gonzalez made a nice play to get a force at third	False
Sizemore was sent in by manager Bob Melvin to hit for Eric Sogard , and Sizemore ripped Tateyama 's high 1 - 0 fastball into the left field seats for his first career grand slam and a 7 - 3 lead . Cliff Pennington added an RBI double off Tateyama later in the sixth	True
Cliff Pennington added an RBI double off Tateyama later in the sixth to give the A 's a five - run cushion . Sizemore had his second career pinch homer , but a defensive play he made in the ninth	True
Cliff Pennington added an RBI double off Tateyama later in the sixth to give the A 's a five - run cushion . Sizemore had his second career pinch homer , but a defensive play he made in the ninth at third base nearly matched his deep drive with the bases loaded . Sizemore leaned into the Oakland dugout to catch Ian Kinsler 's foul popup leading off the ninth	True
In his last five outings , Tateyama has been knocked around for 12 runs and 11 hits and four homers in four innings . Adrian Beltre 's 299th career homer -- a two - run shot in the sixth	True
In his last five outings , Tateyama has been knocked around for 12 runs and 11 hits and four homers in four innings . Adrian Beltre 's 299th career homer -- a two - run shot in the sixth off starter Trevor Cahill ( 11 - 13 ) -- pulled Texas within 8 - 5 . Michael Young 's two - run single in the seventh	True
Beltre , who had three hits to extend his hitting streak to 15 games , was the final batter for Cahill , who gave up five runs and seven hits over five - plus innings . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
Hamilton hit a two - run game-winning homer off Bailey on July 9 and was 3 for 3 for his career against the A 's closer . So Bailey was n't going to give the slugger anything he could knock out of the ballpark . Ogando gave up five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five - plus innings in his first	False
Ogando had gone 7 - 0 in his first 12 starts but the converted reliever has struggled with his command and has dropped five of his last seven decisions . Willingham led off the second	True
Ogando had gone 7 - 0 in his first 12 starts but the converted reliever has struggled with his command and has dropped five of his last seven decisions . Willingham led off the second with a line drive single up the middle that Ogando had to duck to avoid . DeJesus bunted , and catcher Yorvit Torrealba threw wildly to first	False
Ogando had gone 7 - 0 in his first 12 starts but the converted reliever has struggled with his command and has dropped five of his last seven decisions . Willingham led off the second with a line drive single up the middle that Ogando had to duck to avoid . DeJesus bunted , and catcher Yorvit Torrealba threw wildly to first for an error that allowed the runners to advance to second	False
Ogando had gone 7 - 0 in his first 12 starts but the converted reliever has struggled with his command and has dropped five of his last seven decisions . Willingham led off the second with a line drive single up the middle that Ogando had to duck to avoid . DeJesus bunted , and catcher Yorvit Torrealba threw wildly to first for an error that allowed the runners to advance to second and third	False
Sweeney followed with a two - run triple into the right field corner , and Suzuki added a sacrifice fly later in the inning for a 3 - 0 pad . The Rangers got a run in the third	True
Sweeney followed with a two - run triple into the right field corner , and Suzuki added a sacrifice fly later in the inning for a 3 - 0 pad . The Rangers got a run in the third when Ian Kinsler scored from third	False
Saturday , Inge hit his second game-ending homer of the season , giving the Detroit Tigers a 3 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Saturday night . His only other homer this season came in his first at-bat with the Tigers after an month-long exile to Triple-A Toledo . With two out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Neither starting pitcher was involved in the decision . Detroit 's Max Scherzer allowed two runs on five hits in seven innings , while Anthony Swarzak gave up a pair of runs on four hits in six innings . The Tigers took a third-inning lead on Wilson Betemit 's seventh homer , but the Twins tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a third-inning lead on Wilson Betemit 's seventh homer , but the Twins tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth on Joe Mauer 's third home run of the season . Detroit went back in front in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a third-inning lead on Wilson Betemit 's seventh homer , but the Twins tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth on Joe Mauer 's third home run of the season . Detroit went back in front in the fourth when Andy Dirks led off with a double , took third	False
Detroit went back in front in the fourth when Andy Dirks led off with a double , took third on Miguel Cabrera 's one - out groundout and scored on Victor Martinez 's RBI single . Scherzer held the one - run lead until the sixth	True
Detroit went back in front in the fourth when Andy Dirks led off with a double , took third on Miguel Cabrera 's one - out groundout and scored on Victor Martinez 's RBI single . Scherzer held the one - run lead until the sixth , when Trevor Plouffe drew a walk , moved to third	False
Detroit went back in front in the fourth when Andy Dirks led off with a double , took third on Miguel Cabrera 's one - out groundout and scored on Victor Martinez 's RBI single . Scherzer held the one - run lead until the sixth , when Trevor Plouffe drew a walk , moved to third on Mauer 's base hit . Austin Jackson then made a spectacular leaping catch of Danny Valencia 's drive to deep center , but Plouffe easily scored from third	False
As much as he 'd like to avoid losing 20 , Guthrie said he learned years ago not to get too wrapped up with his own record . Pedro Strop worked the eighth	True
As much as he 'd like to avoid losing 20 , Guthrie said he learned years ago not to get too wrapped up with his own record . Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson pitched around a leadoff walk to close it out in the ninth	True
Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson pitched around a leadoff walk to close it out in the ninth for his fourth save in eight opportunities . Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth	True
Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson pitched around a leadoff walk to close it out in the ninth for his fourth save in eight opportunities . Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth , taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson . Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second	False
Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson pitched around a leadoff walk to close it out in the ninth for his fourth save in eight opportunities . Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth , taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson . Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second on J. J. Hardy 's fielder 's choice . Johnson overthrew first base as he tried to complete the double play , allowing Hardy to move to second	False
Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth , taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson . Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second on J. J. Hardy 's fielder 's choice . Johnson overthrew first base as he tried to complete the double play , allowing Hardy to move to second . One out later , Guerrero drove in Hardy with a single to left . The Orioles benefited from another missed double-play opportunity by Toronto in the eighth	True
Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth , taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson . Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second on J. J. Hardy 's fielder 's choice . Johnson overthrew first base as he tried to complete the double play , allowing Hardy to move to second . One out later , Guerrero drove in Hardy with a single to left . The Orioles benefited from another missed double-play opportunity by Toronto in the eighth . With one out and runners at the corners , Nick Markakis grounded into a fielder 's choice , with Hardy forced out at second	False
Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth , taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson . Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second on J. J. Hardy 's fielder 's choice . Johnson overthrew first base as he tried to complete the double play , allowing Hardy to move to second . One out later , Guerrero drove in Hardy with a single to left . The Orioles benefited from another missed double-play opportunity by Toronto in the eighth . With one out and runners at the corners , Nick Markakis grounded into a fielder 's choice , with Hardy forced out at second . Markakis beat the relay throw from Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar on a bang-bang play at first	False
Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth , taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson . Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second on J. J. Hardy 's fielder 's choice . Johnson overthrew first base as he tried to complete the double play , allowing Hardy to move to second . One out later , Guerrero drove in Hardy with a single to left . The Orioles benefited from another missed double-play opportunity by Toronto in the eighth . With one out and runners at the corners , Nick Markakis grounded into a fielder 's choice , with Hardy forced out at second . Markakis beat the relay throw from Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar on a bang-bang play at first , allowing Ryan Adams to score from third	False
Cecil had to jump over the jagged end of Adam Jones ' bat after the Orioles ' outfielder got sawn off in the fourth inning . The barrel of the bat bounced off the mound , with Cecil kicking his legs up to avoid being struck . Jones eventually struck out . After missing two games with a sore right wrist , Adam Lind doubled to begin the second	True
Cecil had to jump over the jagged end of Adam Jones ' bat after the Orioles ' outfielder got sawn off in the fourth inning . The barrel of the bat bounced off the mound , with Cecil kicking his legs up to avoid being struck . Jones eventually struck out . After missing two games with a sore right wrist , Adam Lind doubled to begin the second and advanced to third	False
After missing two games with a sore right wrist , Adam Lind doubled to begin the second and advanced to third on Brett Lawrie 's sacrifice . But Johnson struck out and J. P. Arencibia grounded out . A throwing error by first baseman Mark Reynolds and a walk to Yunel Escobar gave the Blue Jays runners at first	False
After missing two games with a sore right wrist , Adam Lind doubled to begin the second and advanced to third on Brett Lawrie 's sacrifice . But Johnson struck out and J. P. Arencibia grounded out . A throwing error by first baseman Mark Reynolds and a walk to Yunel Escobar gave the Blue Jays runners at first and second	False
After missing two games with a sore right wrist , Adam Lind doubled to begin the second and advanced to third on Brett Lawrie 's sacrifice . But Johnson struck out and J. P. Arencibia grounded out . A throwing error by first baseman Mark Reynolds and a walk to Yunel Escobar gave the Blue Jays runners at first and second with one out in the eighth	True
A throwing error by first baseman Mark Reynolds and a walk to Yunel Escobar gave the Blue Jays runners at first and second with one out in the eighth , but Strop got Eric Thames to ground into a double play . Blue Jays right-hander Kyle Drabek made his first appearance since June 12 , coming out of the bullpen to work the ninth	True
And that was before they lost to the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 in 10 innings on Thursday . Robert Andino singled home the winning run after tying it in the eighth	True
Vladimir Guerrero homered , doubled twice and scored two runs for the Orioles , who celebrated the victory by mobbing Andino at second base . In the 10th	True
In the 10th , Nolan Reimold got an infield hit off Scott Proctor ( 0 - 1 ) with one out and advanced on a walk . Andino then hit a grounder inside third base that got Reimold home without a throw . Clay Rapada ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced in the 10th	True
The last-place Orioles have nothing to play for except to avoid 100 losses , but they gave the Yankees fits over the last two days . New York starter Ivan Nova allowed three runs in 5 1/3 innings . The right-hander was poised to tie a Yankees single-season rookie record with his 12th straight victory ( over 13 starts ) before Baltimore pulled even in the eighth	True
New York starter Ivan Nova allowed three runs in 5 1/3 innings . The right-hander was poised to tie a Yankees single-season rookie record with his 12th straight victory ( over 13 starts ) before Baltimore pulled even in the eighth . Although that mark is still possible , Nova 's run of eight consecutive winning starts ended . Down 4 - 3 , the Orioles missed a chance to tie it in the seventh	True
New York starter Ivan Nova allowed three runs in 5 1/3 innings . The right-hander was poised to tie a Yankees single-season rookie record with his 12th straight victory ( over 13 starts ) before Baltimore pulled even in the eighth . Although that mark is still possible , Nova 's run of eight consecutive winning starts ended . Down 4 - 3 , the Orioles missed a chance to tie it in the seventh when Nick Markakis was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first	False
Down 4 - 3 , the Orioles missed a chance to tie it in the seventh when Nick Markakis was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on a one - out double by Guerrero . In the eighth	True
Down 4 - 3 , the Orioles missed a chance to tie it in the seventh when Nick Markakis was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on a one - out double by Guerrero . In the eighth , Mark Reynolds was cut down attempting to score on a single by Chris Davis , who took second	False
Baltimore starter Alfredo Simon allowed four runs , six hits and a career-high six walks in four innings . Only 43 of his 88 pitches were strikes . New York went up 3 - 0 in the second	True
Guerrero hit his 11th homer leading off the bottom half , only the fourth home run allowed by Nova in his last nine starts . Mark Teixeira led off the third	True
Mark Teixeira led off the third with a single , Simon walked Nick Swisher with two outs and Chavez followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 1 . The Orioles got a run in the fourth	True
The Orioles got a run in the fourth when Guerrero doubled and scored on a groundout by Reynolds . A one - out double by Nolan Reimold chased Nova in the sixth	True
Tampa Bay right-hander Jeff Niemann ( 9 - 7 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings . He has lost three of his last four starts . Kinsler tied his own team record , set in 2009 , with his seventh leadoff homer this season in the first	True
Kinsler tied his own team record , set in 2009 , with his seventh leadoff homer this season in the first . He has 26 homers this year , including five in his last six games . Murphy started the second	True
Kinsler tied his own team record , set in 2009 , with his seventh leadoff homer this season in the first . He has 26 homers this year , including five in his last six games . Murphy started the second with his ninth homer , then hit a two - run double during Texas ' three - run third	True
Kinsler tied his own team record , set in 2009 , with his seventh leadoff homer this season in the first . He has 26 homers this year , including five in his last six games . Murphy started the second with his ninth homer , then hit a two - run double during Texas ' three - run third that made it 5 - 0 . Josh Hamilton also had an RBI double in the third	True
Murphy finished with four hits and came within a triple of hitting for the cycle . Beltre hit a sacrifice fly and Murphy had a run-scoring double to make it 7 - 0 in the fifth	True
Murphy finished with four hits and came within a triple of hitting for the cycle . Beltre hit a sacrifice fly and Murphy had a run-scoring double to make it 7 - 0 in the fifth . Mike Napoli added a run-scoring double in the eighth	False
Beltre hit a sacrifice fly and Murphy had a run-scoring double to make it 7 - 0 in the fifth . Mike Napoli added a run-scoring double in the eighth . Wilson was working on a perfect game in last Thursday 's 7 - 2 win over the Rays when Casey Kotchman 's infield hit went off the pitcher 's left index finger in the sixth	True
Wilson was working on a perfect game in last Thursday 's 7 - 2 win over the Rays when Casey Kotchman 's infield hit went off the pitcher 's left index finger in the sixth . Wilson departed after the inning . Kotchman got Tampa Bay 's first hit Tuesday when he flared an opposite-field single to left with one out in the second	True
Wilson was working on a perfect game in last Thursday 's 7 - 2 win over the Rays when Casey Kotchman 's infield hit went off the pitcher 's left index finger in the sixth . Wilson departed after the inning . Kotchman got Tampa Bay 's first hit Tuesday when he flared an opposite-field single to left with one out in the second . Wilson induced an inning-ending double play from Kotchman with two on in the fourth	True
Hill 's second double of the game in the third made it 1 - 0 . The ball died coming off the wall in left rather than rebounding and it fooled Pat Burrell , who later came out of the game with soreness in his troublesome right foot that caused him to miss 43 games on the disabled list . It 's something Burrell has said he will deal with this month while he tries to play through the pain . San Francisco answered in the bottom half of the third	False
San Francisco answered in the bottom half of the third on Sandoval 's first sacrifice fly . Goldschmidt connected for his sixth home run in the fourth	True
San Francisco answered in the bottom half of the third on Sandoval 's first sacrifice fly . Goldschmidt connected for his sixth home run in the fourth to put the D-backs ahead for good , then hit an RBI single in the fifth	False
Goldschmidt connected for his sixth home run in the fourth to put the D-backs ahead for good , then hit an RBI single in the fifth . Lincecum allowed back-to-back two - out walks to Justin Upton and Miguel Montero in the fifth	True
Lincecum allowed back-to-back two - out walks to Justin Upton and Miguel Montero in the fifth , then received a mound visit from pitching coach Dave Righetti before Goldschmidt 's single . Montero later extended his career-best hitting streak to 12 games with a base hit in the ninth	True
BOSTON -- A. J. Burnett kept the New York Yankees close , Russell Martin put them ahead and Mariano Rivera nailed down a satisfying victory over Boston . Rivera struck out AL batting leader Adrian Gonzalez with the bases loaded for the final out and Martin hit a go-ahead double in the seventh	True
Struggling to stay in the rotation after going 1 - 2 with an 11.91 ERA in five starts last month , Burnett changed the position of his hands at the start of his windup . The Yankees trailed 2 - 1 when Burnett left , then scored three times in the seventh	True
The Yankees trailed 2 - 1 when Burnett left , then scored three times in the seventh off Alfredo Aceves ( 9 - 2 ) in a tense game that took 4 hours , 21 minutes . Nick Swisher started the inning by striking out . Aceves then walked Andruw Jones and hit Jesus Montero , a top prospect making his major league debut , with a pitch . Aceves was replaced by Daniel Bard , who gave up a double to right-center by Martin , the first batter he faced . Two runners scored and Martin went to third	False
Nick Swisher started the inning by striking out . Aceves then walked Andruw Jones and hit Jesus Montero , a top prospect making his major league debut , with a pitch . Aceves was replaced by Daniel Bard , who gave up a double to right-center by Martin , the first batter he faced . Two runners scored and Martin went to third on the throw to the plate . Pinch hitter Eric Chavez followed with an RBI single . The Red Sox threatened in the ninth	True
The Red Sox threatened in the ninth , loading the bases on walks to Jed Lowrie and Jacoby Ellsbury and a single by Marco Scutaro . But Rivera caught Gonzalez looking at a third strike and picked up his 36th save in 41 opportunities . Dustin Pedroia 's two - run homer after a double by Gonzalez gave the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox threatened in the ninth , loading the bases on walks to Jed Lowrie and Jacoby Ellsbury and a single by Marco Scutaro . But Rivera caught Gonzalez looking at a third strike and picked up his 36th save in 41 opportunities . Dustin Pedroia 's two - run homer after a double by Gonzalez gave the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Aceves escaped a bases-loaded jam in the sixth	False
The Red Sox threatened in the ninth , loading the bases on walks to Jed Lowrie and Jacoby Ellsbury and a single by Marco Scutaro . But Rivera caught Gonzalez looking at a third strike and picked up his 36th save in 41 opportunities . Dustin Pedroia 's two - run homer after a double by Gonzalez gave the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Aceves escaped a bases-loaded jam in the sixth , then struggled in the seventh	False
The Yankees moved within a half-game of the first-place Red Sox in the AL East by winning two of three in the series . New York is 4 - 11 against Boston this season , and the teams have one three - game series remaining at Yankee Stadium from Sept. 23 - 25 . Cory Wade ( 3 - 0 ) got the win after pitching to just one batter , Lowrie , who ended the sixth	True
Cory Wade ( 3 - 0 ) got the win after pitching to just one batter , Lowrie , who ended the sixth by flying out . Boston starter Jon Lester struggled in each of his five innings , throwing 114 pitches , but gave up only one run . That scored in the first	True
Boston starter Jon Lester struggled in each of his five innings , throwing 114 pitches , but gave up only one run . That scored in the first when he needed 43 pitches . Leadoff hitter Derek Jeter struck out , but Curtis Granderson and Mark Teixeira singled and Robinson Cano drove in the run with a double . Teixeira left the game in the bottom of the seventh	True
Boston starter Jon Lester struggled in each of his five innings , throwing 114 pitches , but gave up only one run . That scored in the first when he needed 43 pitches . Leadoff hitter Derek Jeter struck out , but Curtis Granderson and Mark Teixeira singled and Robinson Cano drove in the run with a double . Teixeira left the game in the bottom of the seventh and is day-to-day after being hit by a pitch from Aceves on the side of the right knee in the sixth	True
Hudson ( 14 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings while passing Jurrjens for the team lead in wins . The right-hander improved to 5 - 1 with a 2.03 ERA in his last seven starts . Jonny Venters yielded a run in the eighth	True
Hudson ( 14 - 8 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings while passing Jurrjens for the team lead in wins . The right-hander improved to 5 - 1 with a 2.03 ERA in his last seven starts . Jonny Venters yielded a run in the eighth before striking out two batters with the bases loaded . Craig Kimbrel gave up a single to Wilson Ramos but struck out the side in the ninth	True
Jonny Venters yielded a run in the eighth before striking out two batters with the bases loaded . Craig Kimbrel gave up a single to Wilson Ramos but struck out the side in the ninth for his 42nd save , extending the major league rookie record he set Wednesday night . Hudson was n't happy when he was lifted for pinch-hitter Matt Diaz with two outs and two runners on base in the bottom of the sixth	True
Chien-Ming Wang ( 2 - 3 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for Washington , which has lost eight of nine . McCann hit his 23rd homer in the first inning . Jones , who hit his 450th career homer on Wednesday night , went deep in the second	True
McCann hit his 23rd homer in the first inning . Jones , who hit his 450th career homer on Wednesday night , went deep in the second . Jayson Werth led off the sixth	True
Jayson Werth led off the sixth with a long homer to left . Atlanta led 4 - 1 before Washington rallied in the eighth	True
Jayson Werth led off the sixth with a long homer to left . Atlanta led 4 - 1 before Washington rallied in the eighth . With one out and the bases loaded , Michael Morse hit a grounder to third baseman Jones , who dropped the ball for an error as he was preparing to throw to second	False
Jayson Werth led off the sixth with a long homer to left . Atlanta led 4 - 1 before Washington rallied in the eighth . With one out and the bases loaded , Michael Morse hit a grounder to third baseman Jones , who dropped the ball for an error as he was preparing to throw to second to start a possible double play . Jonny Gomes , who reached on an infield single , scored from third	False
Washington right fielder Laynce Nix left the game in the third inning after straining his right groin . Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman did not start due to a sore right quadriceps muscle . Eric Hinske filled in for Freeman and had a run-scoring single in the fourth	True
Washington right fielder Laynce Nix left the game in the third inning after straining his right groin . Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman did not start due to a sore right quadriceps muscle . Eric Hinske filled in for Freeman and had a run-scoring single in the fourth . Freeman replaced Hinske in the seventh	True
Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman did not start due to a sore right quadriceps muscle . Eric Hinske filled in for Freeman and had a run-scoring single in the fourth . Freeman replaced Hinske in the seventh . Dan Uggla doubled off Wang in the sixth	True
Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman did not start due to a sore right quadriceps muscle . Eric Hinske filled in for Freeman and had a run-scoring single in the fourth . Freeman replaced Hinske in the seventh . Dan Uggla doubled off Wang in the sixth and scored on a single by Alex Gonzalez . Jason Heyward hit a triple off Tyler Clippard in the eighth	False
Afterward , the Indians packed and left for Kansas City , where they 'll open a three - game series on Friday . On Monday , they 'll open a critical three - game set at home against the Tigers . At this point , the Indians may need a sweep to keep their unexpected comeback season alive . With their next win , the Indians will match their total for all of 2010 , when they finished 25 games out of first	False
Choo joined the Indians ' ample DL , which includes outfielders Michael Brantley and Grady Sizemore , DH Travis Hafner and starters Josh Tomlin and Carlos Carrasco . Acta has been forced to juggle his lineup for months , and Thursday he had to use two rookie relievers , Nick Hagadone and Corey Kluber , who made their major league debuts shortly after arriving from Triple-A Columbus . Oakland strung together three straight two - out singles and got aggressive on the basepaths to take a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Detroit Tigers certainly had their chances in Game 2 of the AL Championship Series . Two on and none out in the first inning , middle of the order coming up . Bases loaded in the second	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Detroit Tigers certainly had their chances in Game 2 of the AL Championship Series . Two on and none out in the first inning , middle of the order coming up . Bases loaded in the second and ninth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Detroit Tigers certainly had their chances in Game 2 of the AL Championship Series . Two on and none out in the first inning , middle of the order coming up . Bases loaded in the second and ninth . A runner on second base with one out in the 10th	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Detroit Tigers certainly had their chances in Game 2 of the AL Championship Series . Two on and none out in the first inning , middle of the order coming up . Bases loaded in the second and ninth . A runner on second base with one out in the 10th . A man on for AL batting champion Miguel Cabrera in the 11th	True
Martinez and leadoff hitter Austin Jackson each went 0 for 4 on Monday . But pretty much everyone had a chance to get the big hit . After Jackson opened the game with a walk and Ramon Santiago singled , Delmon Young , Cabrera and Martinez were retired , ruining that early chance to jump on Texas ' shaky starter , Derek Holland . The failure hurt right away as the Rangers got a pair of runs off Max Scherzer in the bottom of the first	True
Texas relievers have combined for 12 2/3 scoreless innings during the first two games of the series , allowing five hits and three walks while striking out 16 . Detroit 's best chance against the Rangers ' bullpen came in the ninth	True
Texas went to closer Neftali Feliz and had him intentionally walk Cabrera , loading the bases for Martinez . He hit a flare into shallow center field that Andrus juggled , pinning the ball against his chest to end the threat . Detroit closer Jose Valverde made things interesting by loading the bases with none out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Detroit closer Jose Valverde made things interesting by loading the bases with none out in the bottom of the ninth , but got out of it with a shallow fly ball and a nifty 3 - 2 - 2 double play started and finished by Cabrera , who is n't always the slickest fielder at first base . Raburn led off the 10th	True
Detroit closer Jose Valverde made things interesting by loading the bases with none out in the bottom of the ninth , but got out of it with a shallow fly ball and a nifty 3 - 2 - 2 double play started and finished by Cabrera , who is n't always the slickest fielder at first base . Raburn led off the 10th with a walk and moved to second	False
Raburn led off the 10th with a walk and moved to second on a sacrifice . He never got any farther , though . In what proved to be Detroit 's final at-bat in the 11th	True
Next , the Brewers face NL Central nemesis St. Louis after the wild-card Cardinals beat Philadelphia 1 - 0 in Game 5 of their series Friday night . Milwaukee will open at home against St. Louis on Sunday . With the game tied at 2 in the 10th	True
Next , the Brewers move on to face the St. Louis Cardinals . The NLCS begins Sunday , with the Brewers opening at home . Arizona did all it could to extend its surprising season . Center fielder Chris Young made a jaw-dropping catch in the sixth	True
Next , the Brewers move on to face the St. Louis Cardinals . The NLCS begins Sunday , with the Brewers opening at home . Arizona did all it could to extend its surprising season . Center fielder Chris Young made a jaw-dropping catch in the sixth and the Diamondbacks had one last comeback left in the ninth	True
That was also the last time Milwaukee won a round in the postseason , when it captured the American League pennant before losing in seven games to the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series . With a 2 - 1 lead and their tough 1 - 2 bullpen combination of Francisco Rodriguez and Axford lined up for the eighth	True
But the Diamondbacks had the most comeback victories in the majors this season ( 48 ) and were n't about to go away easily . They nearly got the best of Rodriguez in the eighth	True
They nearly got the best of Rodriguez in the eighth . He loaded the bases with two outs for Ryan Roberts , one of two Diamondbacks players to hit a grand slam in the series . But Rodriguez got Roberts to ground into a forceout at second base , ending the threat . Axford pitched the ninth	True
They nearly got the best of Rodriguez in the eighth . He loaded the bases with two outs for Ryan Roberts , one of two Diamondbacks players to hit a grand slam in the series . But Rodriguez got Roberts to ground into a forceout at second base , ending the threat . Axford pitched the ninth , allowing a leadoff double to Gerardo Parra . The reliever nearly hit Sean Burroughs with a pitch , then Burroughs blooped a single to put runners on first	False
They nearly got the best of Rodriguez in the eighth . He loaded the bases with two outs for Ryan Roberts , one of two Diamondbacks players to hit a grand slam in the series . But Rodriguez got Roberts to ground into a forceout at second base , ending the threat . Axford pitched the ninth , allowing a leadoff double to Gerardo Parra . The reliever nearly hit Sean Burroughs with a pitch , then Burroughs blooped a single to put runners on first and third	False
Bloomquist pushed a bunt to the right side and Fielder nearly collided with Axford while fielding the ball . Fielder stumbled and was unable to get off a throw to the plate as the tying run scored . Justin Upton grounded into a forceout at second	False
The victory sent Detroit to the AL Championship Series for the first time since 2006 , the year they also eliminated the Yankees in the first round . Game 1 is Saturday night at Texas . In a thrilling game where the outcome seemed to teeter on every pitch by the Tigers , Fister escaped a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the fourth	True
The victory sent Detroit to the AL Championship Series for the first time since 2006 , the year they also eliminated the Yankees in the first round . Game 1 is Saturday night at Texas . In a thrilling game where the outcome seemed to teeter on every pitch by the Tigers , Fister escaped a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the fourth . Grimacing and breathing hard , Joaquin Benoit walked Mark Teixeira to force home the Yankees ' second run before striking out Nick Swisher with the bases loaded to end the seventh	True
In a thrilling game where the outcome seemed to teeter on every pitch by the Tigers , Fister escaped a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the fourth . Grimacing and breathing hard , Joaquin Benoit walked Mark Teixeira to force home the Yankees ' second run before striking out Nick Swisher with the bases loaded to end the seventh . There were more gasps from a new Yankee Stadium record crowd of 50,960 -- and yes , both benches , too -- in the eighth	True
There were more gasps from a new Yankee Stadium record crowd of 50,960 -- and yes , both benches , too -- in the eighth when Derek Jeter hit an inning-ending flyout to Kelly just in front of the right-field wall with a man on . Valverde finished with the only 1 - 2 - 2 inning for Detroit after the first	True
With the Tigers vying for their first World Series title since 1984 , ace Justin Verlander will start the ALCS opener against the Rangers ' C. J. Wilson . New York used six relievers , pulling Ivan Nova after the second inning . CC Sabathia made the first relief appearance of his professional career after 421 starts , and allowed an RBI single to former Cleveland teammate Victor Martinez that made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Robinson Cano , who had nine RBIs in the series , started the comeback attempt with a fifth-inning homer into the right-field upper deck . When Jorge Posada , playing perhaps his final game for the Yankees , had singled with two on in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano , who had nine RBIs in the series , started the comeback attempt with a fifth-inning homer into the right-field upper deck . When Jorge Posada , playing perhaps his final game for the Yankees , had singled with two on in the fourth , Rodriguez was held at third	False
While the Yankees led the AL with 97 wins during the regular season , the early exit and second straight season without a World Series title will set off a restless offseason search for more starting pitching and offense . Kelly and Young homered on the sixth	True
Kelly and Young homered on the sixth and seventh pitches from Nova , the Game 1 winner who led rookies with 16 wins during the regular season and had n't lost in the majors since June 3 . The homers were the first back-to-back postseason shots in Tigers ' history , and it was the third homer of the series for Young , who was acquired from Minnesota on Aug. 15 . Kelly was a surprise starter at third	False
The homers were the first back-to-back postseason shots in Tigers ' history , and it was the third homer of the series for Young , who was acquired from Minnesota on Aug. 15 . Kelly was a surprise starter at third to some . Young , the first Tigers player with three homers in a single postseason series , left in the seventh	True
DENVER -- Juan Nicasio has done more than just come back from his frightening broken neck . He has come back strong . Nicasio pitched six solid innings , Troy Tulowitzki hit a two - run double and the Colorado Rockies overcame Matt Kemp 's latest homer , beating the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 2 Monday night in the first	False
The Dodgers put themselves in position to do just that but the Rockies escaped a bases-loaded , none - out threat against the middle of the batting order in the seventh inning . Nicasio faced two batters in the seventh	True
Colorado padded its lead in the bottom half when Michael Cuddyer drew a leadoff walk , Marco Scutaro singled and , one out later , Carlos Gonzalez singled for his second RBI of the night . Trailing at the outset , the Rockies tied it in the first	True
Trailing at the outset , the Rockies tied it in the first when Scutaro led off with a double and scored on successive groundouts by Jonathan Herrera and Gonzalez . The Rockies went in front with a three - run fourth	True
The Rockies went in front with a three - run fourth off starter Aaron Harang ( 1 - 2 ) , who went 5 2/3 innings and gave up five runs on six hits . Herrera singled and Gonzalez walked ahead of Tulowitzki 's go-ahead double that rolled into the left-field corner . Tulowitzki went to third	False
Bruce Chen ( 0 - 3 ) had his worst outing of the season , giving up six runs on six hits in only 2 2/3 innings for the Royals , whose three - game winning streak ended . Willingham helped the Twins get to Chen early with a two - run triple in the first	True
Chen had pitched well in his previous four starts but was out of sorts from the get-go Sunday , allowing Minnesota 's first four batters to reach base . Valencia 's first-inning single scored Willingham to make it 4 - 0 . After a 1 - 2 - 2 second	True
Chen had pitched well in his previous four starts but was out of sorts from the get-go Sunday , allowing Minnesota 's first four batters to reach base . Valencia 's first-inning single scored Willingham to make it 4 - 0 . After a 1 - 2 - 2 second , the Twins got to Chen again in the third	True
After a 1 - 2 - 2 second , the Twins got to Chen again in the third with Willingham 's leadoff double , and Valencia followed two batters later with an RBI triple . A sacrifice fly by Ryan Doumit put the Twins up 6 - 1 , and Royals manager Ned Yost yanked Chen after he walked Trevor Plouffe . Mike Moustakas homered in the second	True
After a 1 - 2 - 2 second , the Twins got to Chen again in the third with Willingham 's leadoff double , and Valencia followed two batters later with an RBI triple . A sacrifice fly by Ryan Doumit put the Twins up 6 - 1 , and Royals manager Ned Yost yanked Chen after he walked Trevor Plouffe . Mike Moustakas homered in the second and added an RBI single in the fourth	True
After a 1 - 2 - 2 second , the Twins got to Chen again in the third with Willingham 's leadoff double , and Valencia followed two batters later with an RBI triple . A sacrifice fly by Ryan Doumit put the Twins up 6 - 1 , and Royals manager Ned Yost yanked Chen after he walked Trevor Plouffe . Mike Moustakas homered in the second and added an RBI single in the fourth for the Royals . Eric Hosmer also drove in a run on a fielder 's choice in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas homered in the second and added an RBI single in the fourth for the Royals . Eric Hosmer also drove in a run on a fielder 's choice in the fourth . Doumit had an RBI double in the seventh	False
Mike Moustakas homered in the second and added an RBI single in the fourth for the Royals . Eric Hosmer also drove in a run on a fielder 's choice in the fourth . Doumit had an RBI double in the seventh for the Twins . Jared Burton and Glen Perkins each provided an inning of scoreless relief . Matt Capps allowed an RBI single by Alcides Escobar in the ninth	True
Chone Figgins and Miguel Olivo hit solo homers for the Mariners , who lost their second straight . Seattle put at least one runner at second	False
Chone Figgins and Miguel Olivo hit solo homers for the Mariners , who lost their second straight . Seattle put at least one runner at second or third base in each of the first	False
Chone Figgins and Miguel Olivo hit solo homers for the Mariners , who lost their second straight . Seattle put at least one runner at second or third base in each of the first , second	False
Chone Figgins and Miguel Olivo hit solo homers for the Mariners , who lost their second straight . Seattle put at least one runner at second or third base in each of the first , second , fourth	False
Chone Figgins and Miguel Olivo hit solo homers for the Mariners , who lost their second straight . Seattle put at least one runner at second or third base in each of the first , second , fourth , sixth	True
The Mariners jumped in front early when Figgins drilled Alvarez 's sixth pitch of the game over the wall in right , his second leadoff shot this season . Jason Vargas ( 3 - 2 ) held Toronto hitless until Eric Thames ' two - out double in the fourth	True
Jason Vargas ( 3 - 2 ) held Toronto hitless until Eric Thames ' two - out double in the fourth , an otherwise routine fly ball that dropped in front of Figgins in left . The hit moved Encarnacion , who had walked , up to third base , but Vargas escaped when Figgins caught Lawrie 's fly ball for the third	False
The hit moved Encarnacion , who had walked , up to third base , but Vargas escaped when Figgins caught Lawrie 's fly ball for the third out . The Blue Jays broke through against Vargas in the fifth	True
The hit moved Encarnacion , who had walked , up to third base , but Vargas escaped when Figgins caught Lawrie 's fly ball for the third out . The Blue Jays broke through against Vargas in the fifth . Rasmus led off with a single , advanced to second	False
The Blue Jays broke through against Vargas in the fifth . Rasmus led off with a single , advanced to second on a grounder and scored on a two - out base hit to right by Kelly Johnson . Alvarez was replaced by Evan Crawford after Munenori Kawasaki 's leadoff single in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays broke through against Vargas in the fifth . Rasmus led off with a single , advanced to second on a grounder and scored on a two - out base hit to right by Kelly Johnson . Alvarez was replaced by Evan Crawford after Munenori Kawasaki 's leadoff single in the seventh . Figgins sacrifice Kawasaki to second	False
Alvarez was replaced by Evan Crawford after Munenori Kawasaki 's leadoff single in the seventh . Figgins sacrifice Kawasaki to second but Crawford got Dustin Ackley and Ichiro Suzuki to ground out . Encarnacion had a solo homer in Toronto 's 9 - 5 defeat Friday and hit his fourth career grand slam in Saturday 's 7 - 0 win . He went deep again in the finale , lacing a tiebreaking drive to left in the sixth	True
Alvarez was replaced by Evan Crawford after Munenori Kawasaki 's leadoff single in the seventh . Figgins sacrifice Kawasaki to second but Crawford got Dustin Ackley and Ichiro Suzuki to ground out . Encarnacion had a solo homer in Toronto 's 9 - 5 defeat Friday and hit his fourth career grand slam in Saturday 's 7 - 0 win . He went deep again in the finale , lacing a tiebreaking drive to left in the sixth off Vargas . Encarnacion 's homer was his team-leading seventh	False
Encarnacion had a solo homer in Toronto 's 9 - 5 defeat Friday and hit his fourth career grand slam in Saturday 's 7 - 0 win . He went deep again in the finale , lacing a tiebreaking drive to left in the sixth off Vargas . Encarnacion 's homer was his team-leading seventh . Encarnacion , who walked in his first two plate appearances Sunday , was hit on the left arm by Steve Delabar in the eighth	True
Encarnacion , who walked in his first two plate appearances Sunday , was hit on the left arm by Steve Delabar in the eighth , responding with a long stare at the mound . Charlie Furbush replaced Delabar before Jose Bautista , who had led off with a single , and Encarnacion pulled off a double steal . Pinch hitter Rajai Davis was intentionally walked before Brett Lawrie hit a two - run double . One batter later , Davis scored on an errant pickoff throw by Olivo . Colby Rasmus struck out before Mathis homered into the second deck in left , his second	False
Charlie Furbush replaced Delabar before Jose Bautista , who had led off with a single , and Encarnacion pulled off a double steal . Pinch hitter Rajai Davis was intentionally walked before Brett Lawrie hit a two - run double . One batter later , Davis scored on an errant pickoff throw by Olivo . Colby Rasmus struck out before Mathis homered into the second deck in left , his second . Davis injured his right wrist diving back to third	False
Charlie Furbush replaced Delabar before Jose Bautista , who had led off with a single , and Encarnacion pulled off a double steal . Pinch hitter Rajai Davis was intentionally walked before Brett Lawrie hit a two - run double . One batter later , Davis scored on an errant pickoff throw by Olivo . Colby Rasmus struck out before Mathis homered into the second deck in left , his second . Davis injured his right wrist diving back to third on Olivo 's throw and left the game . He was replaced by Ben Francisco in the ninth	True
Davis injured his right wrist diving back to third on Olivo 's throw and left the game . He was replaced by Ben Francisco in the ninth . Casey Janssen worked the eighth	True
Davis injured his right wrist diving back to third on Olivo 's throw and left the game . He was replaced by Ben Francisco in the ninth . Casey Janssen worked the eighth and Francisco Cordero gave up Olivo 's second homer of the season in the ninth	False
Moscoso was acquired in January as part of the trade that sent outfielder Seth Smith to the Oakland Athletics . Trailing 4 - 3 going into the fifth	True
Moscoso was acquired in January as part of the trade that sent outfielder Seth Smith to the Oakland Athletics . Trailing 4 - 3 going into the fifth , the Mets had four consecutive two - out hits , including Wright 's RBI single and Duda 's tiebreaking two - run single to go up 6 - 4 . The Mets added a run in the ninth	True
Moscoso was acquired in January as part of the trade that sent outfielder Seth Smith to the Oakland Athletics . Trailing 4 - 3 going into the fifth , the Mets had four consecutive two - out hits , including Wright 's RBI single and Duda 's tiebreaking two - run single to go up 6 - 4 . The Mets added a run in the ninth when pinch-hitter Mike Baxter doubled , went to third	False
Trailing 4 - 3 going into the fifth , the Mets had four consecutive two - out hits , including Wright 's RBI single and Duda 's tiebreaking two - run single to go up 6 - 4 . The Mets added a run in the ninth when pinch-hitter Mike Baxter doubled , went to third on a groundout and scored on reliever Edgmer Escalon 's wild pitch . Duda hit his fourth home run of the season , a two - run shot , off Moscoso in the second	True
Trailing 4 - 3 going into the fifth , the Mets had four consecutive two - out hits , including Wright 's RBI single and Duda 's tiebreaking two - run single to go up 6 - 4 . The Mets added a run in the ninth when pinch-hitter Mike Baxter doubled , went to third on a groundout and scored on reliever Edgmer Escalon 's wild pitch . Duda hit his fourth home run of the season , a two - run shot , off Moscoso in the second and Wright 's run-scoring double in the third gave New York a 3 - 1 lead . But the Rockies regained the lead with a three - run fourth	True
The Mets got off to a shaky start when catcher Josh Thole 's throwing error in the first inning opened the door to the Rockies ' first run . New York committed six errors -- one shy of the team high -- in Friday night 's 18 - 9 loss to Colorado . Marco Scutaro singled to start the inning and then stole second base , advancing to third	False
For now , the Washington Nationals ' top prospect can take satisfaction out the fact he hit a rope over Kemp 's head in center field for a double in the third at-bat of his major league debut . Harper also drove in the go-ahead run in the ninth inning with a sacrifice fly and Wilson Ramos added an insurance run for the Washington Nationals with an RBI single . But closer Henry Rodriguez gave both runs back in the bottom half with the help of three wild pitches , and Kemp homered leading off the 10th	True
Harper also drove in the go-ahead run in the ninth inning with a sacrifice fly and Wilson Ramos added an insurance run for the Washington Nationals with an RBI single . But closer Henry Rodriguez gave both runs back in the bottom half with the help of three wild pitches , and Kemp homered leading off the 10th to give the Los Angeles Dodgers a 4 - 3 victory on Saturday night . Harper , the Nationals ' much-ballyhooed 19-year-old outfielder and the first overall pick in the 2010 draft , was 1 for 3 in his four plate appearances . He started out by hitting a comebacker in the first inning and flied out in the fifth	True
Harper , the Nationals ' much-ballyhooed 19-year-old outfielder and the first overall pick in the 2010 draft , was 1 for 3 in his four plate appearances . He started out by hitting a comebacker in the first inning and flied out in the fifth . Because of the Nationals ' rainout last Sunday at Miami , Stephen Strasburg did n't get the marquee matchup with NL Cy Young winner Clayton Kershaw that many had hoped for . But the Nationals ' ace right-hander still had his hands full keeping up with Chad Billingsley , who matched zeros with him until both teams scored a run in the eighth	True
Because of the Nationals ' rainout last Sunday at Miami , Stephen Strasburg did n't get the marquee matchup with NL Cy Young winner Clayton Kershaw that many had hoped for . But the Nationals ' ace right-hander still had his hands full keeping up with Chad Billingsley , who matched zeros with him until both teams scored a run in the eighth against the two starters . Kemp drove a 1 - 2 pitch off Tom Gorzelanny ( 1 - 1 ) to center field for his majors-leading 11th home run , breaking the Dodgers record for long balls in April set by Gary Sheffield in 2000 . Kemp tossed his helmet as he galloped from third	False
Rodriguez , trying for his sixth save and first since tag-team partner Brad Lidge went on the disabled list on Friday , gave up a ground-rule double by Juan Uribe -- one pitch after a fan ran onto the field and was tackled in left-center by security guards . A. J. Ellis struck out and James Loney was thrown out at the plate on a grounder to first	False
Rodriguez , trying for his sixth save and first since tag-team partner Brad Lidge went on the disabled list on Friday , gave up a ground-rule double by Juan Uribe -- one pitch after a fan ran onto the field and was tackled in left-center by security guards . A. J. Ellis struck out and James Loney was thrown out at the plate on a grounder to first by pinch-hitter Adam Kennedy . But Rodriguez threw a wild pitch to Dee Gordon on a 1 - 2 count , allowing the tying run to score , and Gordon reached on a strikeout-wild pitch . Gorzelanny relieved Rodriguez , and Tony Gwynn Jr. lined out to first	False
Even after the building the big lead , Tampa Bay was still a little nervous in the late innings . Texas ' Elvis Andrus lined out to center with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
Tampa Bay pounced on Harrison from the start . Desmond Jennings singled and Carlos Pena reached on Ian Kinsler 's fielding error at second	False
Ben Zobrist walked , and Jeff Keppinger and B. J. Upton followed with singles . Upton 's hit scored Zobrist and gave the Rays a 4 - 0 lead . After Hamilton 's RBI grounder in the first	True
Ben Zobrist walked , and Jeff Keppinger and B. J. Upton followed with singles . Upton 's hit scored Zobrist and gave the Rays a 4 - 0 lead . After Hamilton 's RBI grounder in the first , Tampa Bay picked up a run in the third	True
After Hamilton 's RBI grounder in the first , Tampa Bay picked up a run in the third on Chris Gimenez 's RBI single . Longoria had an RBI single and scored on Zobrist 's double in the fourth	True
Harrison had his ERA jump from 1.66 , which led the AL coming into the game , to 3.38 . Luke Scott homered in the sixth	True
Luke Scott homered in the sixth , and Upton and Keppinger each had three hits for the Rays . Hamilton hit a two - run blast in the fifth	True
Luke Scott homered in the sixth , and Upton and Keppinger each had three hits for the Rays . Hamilton hit a two - run blast in the fifth and David Murphy chipped in with a solo shot in the sixth	True
Hamilton hit a two - run blast in the fifth and David Murphy chipped in with a solo shot in the sixth off Shields . The Rangers had runners on first	False
Hamilton hit a two - run blast in the fifth and David Murphy chipped in with a solo shot in the sixth off Shields . The Rangers had runners on first and third	False
Hamilton hit a two - run blast in the fifth and David Murphy chipped in with a solo shot in the sixth off Shields . The Rangers had runners on first and third with two outs in the sixth	True
With the Padres trailing 1 - 0 , Orlando Hudson drew a one - out walk and Cameron Maybin dropped down a bunt single against Clippard ( 1 - 2 ) . Kotsay followed with a double to right-center to put San Diego ahead . Andrew Cashner ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The National League East-leading Nationals ( 14 - 5 ) had won four straight and eight of 10 . The franchise was looking for its first sweep in San Diego since the Montreal Expos accomplished the feat in July 1994 . Kotsay pinch-hit against Clippard in the seventh inning Tuesday night with runners on second	False
The National League East-leading Nationals ( 14 - 5 ) had won four straight and eight of 10 . The franchise was looking for its first sweep in San Diego since the Montreal Expos accomplished the feat in July 1994 . Kotsay pinch-hit against Clippard in the seventh inning Tuesday night with runners on second and third	False
Clippard was n't happy with the way he went after Kotsay . Jayson Werth 's home run with one out in the seventh	True
Clippard was n't happy with the way he went after Kotsay . Jayson Werth 's home run with one out in the seventh off Padres starter Edinson Volquez snapped a scoreless tie . It was Werth 's second	False
Jayson Werth 's home run with one out in the seventh off Padres starter Edinson Volquez snapped a scoreless tie . It was Werth 's second of the season . The Padres , who left 11 runners on base , had starter Edwin Jackson in trouble in the fourth	True
The Padres , who left 11 runners on base , had starter Edwin Jackson in trouble in the fourth when Nick Hundley singled and Yonder Alonso doubled to open the inning . But Jackson struck out Hudson before an intentional walk to Maybin . The right-hander then struck out Jason Bartlett and got Volquez to ground out . In the sixth	True
The Padres , who left 11 runners on base , had starter Edwin Jackson in trouble in the fourth when Nick Hundley singled and Yonder Alonso doubled to open the inning . But Jackson struck out Hudson before an intentional walk to Maybin . The right-hander then struck out Jason Bartlett and got Volquez to ground out . In the sixth , Hudson tripled with two outs but was stranded when Jackson got Maybin to ground out to first baseman Adam LaRoche , who flipped the ball with his glove to Jackson for the out at first	False
In the sixth , Hudson tripled with two outs but was stranded when Jackson got Maybin to ground out to first baseman Adam LaRoche , who flipped the ball with his glove to Jackson for the out at first . In the seventh	True
Billy Butler hit two of Kansas City 's four home runs to help the Royals snap a 12-game losing streak by beating the Cleveland Indians 8 - 2 on Wednesday night . Butler 's two - run blast off Ubaldo Jimenez ( 2 - 1 ) put the Royals ahead in the first inning . He added a solo shot in the ninth	True
Hochevar worked on a tender right ankle that he hurt in his previous start . He appeared to stumble off the mound when he had to cover first base to retire the first batter he faced . Gordon had three hits , raising his average 30 points to .197 . He fouled off several pitches in the ninth	True
Gordon had three hits , raising his average 30 points to .197 . He fouled off several pitches in the ninth before connecting for his third homer . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Gordon reached on a one - out single when his grounder went between shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera and second baseman Jason Kipnis , who both pulled up and appeared to think the other had it . One out later , Hosmer hit his fifth homer . Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
In the fourth , Gordon reached on a one - out single when his grounder went between shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera and second baseman Jason Kipnis , who both pulled up and appeared to think the other had it . One out later , Hosmer hit his fifth homer . Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single and two walks . Hosmer made a diving stop of a sharp grounder by Travis Hafner and threw to second	False
Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on a single and two walks . Hosmer made a diving stop of a sharp grounder by Travis Hafner and threw to second for a force as a run scored to make it 4 - 1 . Hochevar left after walking Kipnis with one out in the seventh	True
The streak began Thursday with four scoreless innings by Edwin Jackson , followed by six scoreless innings each by Ross Detwiler , Stephen Strasburg and Gio Gonzalez . Hudson ended the streak when he homered to right with two outs in the fifth	True
The streak began Thursday with four scoreless innings by Edwin Jackson , followed by six scoreless innings each by Ross Detwiler , Stephen Strasburg and Gio Gonzalez . Hudson ended the streak when he homered to right with two outs in the fifth , his first	False
Adam LaRoche had three hits , two runs and an RBI for the Nationals ( 14 - 4 ) , who won their fourth straight and are off to the best 18-game start in Washington-Montreal franchise history . They 've won all six series this year and eight straight overall . Zimmermann also hit an RBI single in the second	True
Zimmermann also hit an RBI single in the second , when the Nationals jumped ahead 2 - 0 on three hits and a walk against rookie Joe Wieland , who was making his third start . LaRoche hit a leadoff double down the right-field line and scored on Rick Ankiel 's one - out double to right . With two outs , Zimmermann singled to center to bring in Ankiel . The Nationals added four runs in the seventh	True
Charlie Morton ( 1 - 1 ) benefited as Pittsburgh offense broke out of a season-long slump , at least for an inning . Something that 's been a rarity for the Pirates this year . When Morton walked onto the mound to start the sixth	True
Despite the outburst , Pittsburgh set a major league record by playing its 18th straight game starting the season in which neither team scored more than five runs , surpassing the standard set by the 1943 Detroit Tigers . Still , Pittsburgh has remained competitive thanks to a pitching staff second	False
The veteran right-hander flirted with the first Pirates no-hitter since Francisco Cordova and Ricardo Rincon combined over 10 innings against the Astros on July 12 , 1997 . McDonald was nearly flawless before Troy Tulowitzki 's infield single with one on in the seventh	True
Despite the buzz that built around PNC Park as the zeros piled up , McDonald did n't spend much time thinking about how close he 'd come until he was removed before the start of the eighth inning . Matt Reynolds ( 2 - 0 ) won in relief of starter Juan Nicasio . Rafael Betancourt worked the ninth	True
Matt Reynolds ( 2 - 0 ) won in relief of starter Juan Nicasio . Rafael Betancourt worked the ninth for his sixth save . Chris Resop ( 0 - 2 ) lost after relieving McDonald in the eighth	True
Ross is getting noticed for more than the cowboy get-up put together by veteran pitchers that he has to put on before each game to walk from the dugout to the bullpen . Texas was ahead to stay after Beltre led off the second	True
Derek Jeter had two more hits , extending his hitting streak to 16 games . He raised his average to .420 and his majors-leading hits total to 34 . Napoli led off the fourth	True
Napoli led off the fourth with his seventh homer . That came off David Phelps , who gave up a leadoff shot to Moreland two innings later before Beltre had another RBI single . Raul Ibanez drove in two runs for the Yankees , including a solo homer that landed deep in the second deck of seats in right field off Neftali Feliz to start the seventh	True
Gonzalez appeared to be in the batter 's box still when the ball hit him , meaning it would have almost certainly been ruled a foul ball if an umpire had seen the contact . Robbie Ross ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Josh Hamilton homered for the Rangers . The Tigers led 2 - 1 in the eighth -- with rookie starter Drew Smyly in line for his first career win . But Texas tied it when Elvis Andrus drew a walk , went to second	False
Josh Hamilton homered for the Rangers . The Tigers led 2 - 1 in the eighth -- with rookie starter Drew Smyly in line for his first career win . But Texas tied it when Elvis Andrus drew a walk , went to second on a wild pitch and took third	False
Hamilton hit a sacrifice fly to even the score . Weber , who was called up from the minors in between games of Saturday 's doubleheader , made his major league debut in the 11th	True
Texas starter Colby Lewis allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings . Hamilton gave Texas a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Hamilton gave Texas a 1 - 0 lead in the first with his seventh homer of the year , and Michael Young followed with a single to extend his hitting streak to 10 games . But Smyly settled in nicely after that . Detroit tied it in the third	True
Detroit tied it in the third when Ramon Santiago hit a leadoff triple and eventually scored on a two - out wild pitch . In the sixth	True
Detroit tied it in the third when Ramon Santiago hit a leadoff triple and eventually scored on a two - out wild pitch . In the sixth , Hamilton hit a single and went to second	False
Detroit tied it in the third when Ramon Santiago hit a leadoff triple and eventually scored on a two - out wild pitch . In the sixth , Hamilton hit a single and went to second on a groundout . He then took third	False
Smyly recovered , striking out Cruz and retiring Napoli on a flyball to end the threat . Brennan Boesch hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the sixth	True
Milone grew up just north of Los Angeles and pitched three seasons at USC before signing with Washington , which traded him to Oakland . He had a small but vocal cheering section at Angel Stadium . After Suzuki drove a two - out RBI double into the left-field corner in the second	True
Milone grew up just north of Los Angeles and pitched three seasons at USC before signing with Washington , which traded him to Oakland . He had a small but vocal cheering section at Angel Stadium . After Suzuki drove a two - out RBI double into the left-field corner in the second , Wilson created his own trouble in the fourth	True
Milone grew up just north of Los Angeles and pitched three seasons at USC before signing with Washington , which traded him to Oakland . He had a small but vocal cheering section at Angel Stadium . After Suzuki drove a two - out RBI double into the left-field corner in the second , Wilson created his own trouble in the fourth . He issued two leadoff walks and allowed both runners to score when his throw to first	False
After Suzuki drove a two - out RBI double into the left-field corner in the second , Wilson created his own trouble in the fourth . He issued two leadoff walks and allowed both runners to score when his throw to first on Seth Smith 's check-swing tapper skipped past Pujols . Ka'aihue then drove in Smith for his first RBI with the A 's . Pujols reached on a one - out throwing error in the ninth	True
Bautista got the Blue Jays started with his first homer since Toronto 's season opener April 5 , a solo drive to left in the first inning . Toronto turned Longoria 's first two errors into three more runs in the third	True
Bautista got the Blue Jays started with his first homer since Toronto 's season opener April 5 , a solo drive to left in the first inning . Toronto turned Longoria 's first two errors into three more runs in the third . J. P. Arencibia led off by reaching when Longoria bobbled his grounder and bounced the throw to first	False
Lind has been hot against Niemann , going 13 for 28 with three homers off the big righty . Maddon guessed those numbers might be even better . The Rays scored twice in the fifth	True
The Rays scored twice in the fifth . Joyce singled , Sean Rodriguez walked and Reid Brignac hit an RBI single , just his second hit of the season and his first since April 10 at Detroit . Rodriguez scored when Chris Gimenez followed with an infield single . Longoria 's third error , a wild throw to first	False
The Rays scored twice in the fifth . Joyce singled , Sean Rodriguez walked and Reid Brignac hit an RBI single , just his second hit of the season and his first since April 10 at Detroit . Rodriguez scored when Chris Gimenez followed with an infield single . Longoria 's third error , a wild throw to first on Eric Thames ' infield single in the sixth	True
The Rays scored twice in the fifth . Joyce singled , Sean Rodriguez walked and Reid Brignac hit an RBI single , just his second hit of the season and his first since April 10 at Detroit . Rodriguez scored when Chris Gimenez followed with an infield single . Longoria 's third error , a wild throw to first on Eric Thames ' infield single in the sixth , allowed Bautista to score from second	False
Longoria 's third error , a wild throw to first on Eric Thames ' infield single in the sixth , allowed Bautista to score from second , putting Toronto up 5 - 2 . Joyce hit a leadoff homer in the seventh	True
Longoria 's third error , a wild throw to first on Eric Thames ' infield single in the sixth , allowed Bautista to score from second , putting Toronto up 5 - 2 . Joyce hit a leadoff homer in the seventh . The Blue Jays answered in the bottom half when Lind 's single off Jake McGee scored Escobar from second	False
Joyce hit a leadoff homer in the seventh . The Blue Jays answered in the bottom half when Lind 's single off Jake McGee scored Escobar from second . Lawrie capped it in the eighth	False
Joyce hit a leadoff homer in the seventh . The Blue Jays answered in the bottom half when Lind 's single off Jake McGee scored Escobar from second . Lawrie capped it in the eighth with a leadoff shot to center , his second	False
Sabathia is 18 - 14 through April in a dozen major league seasons , including 7 - 4 since joining the Yankees in 2009 . During the rest of the regular season he 's 169 - 82 . Sabathia ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings with seven strikeouts and one walk . After falling behind 3 - 1 in the third	True
Sabathia is 18 - 14 through April in a dozen major league seasons , including 7 - 4 since joining the Yankees in 2009 . During the rest of the regular season he 's 169 - 82 . Sabathia ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings with seven strikeouts and one walk . After falling behind 3 - 1 in the third , he did n't allow another hit and retired 13 in a row during one stretch . He credited pitching coach Larry Rothschild with telling him after the third	True
While Sabathia is one of the Yankees ' stars , Stewart may be their least-known player . After stints with the Chicago White Sox and Texas , he played one game for New York in April 2008 and spent the rest of the year and all of 2009 in the minors . He went on to San Diego and San Francisco , then was reacquired by the Yankees just before opening day . Now 30 , Stewart got his second start of the season and put the Yankees ahead 4 - 3 when he chased Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) with a two - run single in the four - run third	True
While Sabathia is one of the Yankees ' stars , Stewart may be their least-known player . After stints with the Chicago White Sox and Texas , he played one game for New York in April 2008 and spent the rest of the year and all of 2009 in the minors . He went on to San Diego and San Francisco , then was reacquired by the Yankees just before opening day . Now 30 , Stewart got his second start of the season and put the Yankees ahead 4 - 3 when he chased Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 2 ) with a two - run single in the four - run third . He added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Gardenhire was ejected for the 61st time in his career when he came out to argue with Greg Gibson after Denard Span got tossed in the third inning for exchanging words following a called strike . A night after winning the opener of the four - game series , the Twins got off to a promising star when Josh Willingham homered into Monument Park leading off the second	True
A night after winning the opener of the four - game series , the Twins got off to a promising star when Josh Willingham homered into Monument Park leading off the second . He became the first Minnesota player to start the season with an 11-game hitting streak since Jacque Jones in 2002 . Brett Gardner , who reached base four times with two hits and two walks , tied the score with an RBI double in the second	True
Minnesota took a 3 - 1 lead after the ejections . Clete Thomas hit for Span and , after Sabathia was called for a balk , doubled in the go-ahead run . Jamey Carroll followed with an RBI single but Gardner ran in to make a diving catch on Willingham that ended the inning . Eduardo Nunez drove in a run with an infield single in the bottom half , Stewart put the Yankees ahead and Derek Jeter hit a sacrifice fly to the right-field warning track off Matt Maloney . Andruw Jones homered in the fourth	True
Minnesota took a 3 - 1 lead after the ejections . Clete Thomas hit for Span and , after Sabathia was called for a balk , doubled in the go-ahead run . Jamey Carroll followed with an RBI single but Gardner ran in to make a diving catch on Willingham that ended the inning . Eduardo Nunez drove in a run with an infield single in the bottom half , Stewart put the Yankees ahead and Derek Jeter hit a sacrifice fly to the right-field warning track off Matt Maloney . Andruw Jones homered in the fourth , and Jeter had an RBI single in the fifth	False
He worked the count full before flying out to right field . Jay Bruce 's throw home was unable to nab Greene . It was Carpenter 's 11th RBI of the season . `` With Tyler at third	False
That caught the eye of Cincinnati coach Dusty Baker . Jason Motte ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th	True
Jason Motte ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th for St. Louis . Cincinnati used two errors and a single for an unearned run to tie the game at 1 in the eighth	True
Jason Motte ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th for St. Louis . Cincinnati used two errors and a single for an unearned run to tie the game at 1 in the eighth . Descalso let Ryan Hanigan 's grounder go through his legs at second	False
Jason Motte ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th for St. Louis . Cincinnati used two errors and a single for an unearned run to tie the game at 1 in the eighth . Descalso let Ryan Hanigan 's grounder go through his legs at second for an error . Reliever Mitchell Boggs mishandled pinch-hitter Wilson Valdez ' sacrifice , allowing pinch-runner Devin Mesoraco to reach second	False
Carlos Beltran gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead when he hit a first-inning home run into the right-field bullpen . Beltran , who also singled and walked , contributed a defensive gem in the third inning . He cut down Drew Stubbs trying to go first	False
Carlos Beltran gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead when he hit a first-inning home run into the right-field bullpen . Beltran , who also singled and walked , contributed a defensive gem in the third inning . He cut down Drew Stubbs trying to go first to third	False
ATLANTA -- The New York Mets are trying to send an early message in the NL East : This is n't the same team that finished fourth	False
New York snapped the Braves ' five - game winning streak and kept up their early dominance in the NL East rivalry , winning again after a three - game sweep of Atlanta in the Big Apple to start the season . With the game tied at 1 in the sixth	True
Give a tip of the hat to Gee , too . Atlanta put together a couple of hits and a walk in the second	True
Atlanta put together a couple of hits and a walk in the second , leading to its only run on Jack Wilson 's RBI groundout . Otherwise , Gee ( 1 - 1 ) was never in much trouble . Wilson nearly homered in the fifth	True
Then New York came to Turner Field . In the early going , at least , the Mets clearly have the Braves ' number . Atlanta 's only other serious threat against Gee came in the sixth	True
Atlanta 's only other serious threat against Gee came in the sixth . Uggla led off with a single , and an apparent double play grounder by Jason Heyward was waved off because the hitter 's bat nicked the glove of catcher Josh Thole . Atlanta could n't take advantage of the error as Gee fought back from a 3 - 1 hole to strike out Eric Hinske , got Wilson on a slow roller that moved the runners to second	False
Atlanta 's only other serious threat against Gee came in the sixth . Uggla led off with a single , and an apparent double play grounder by Jason Heyward was waved off because the hitter 's bat nicked the glove of catcher Josh Thole . Atlanta could n't take advantage of the error as Gee fought back from a 3 - 1 hole to strike out Eric Hinske , got Wilson on a slow roller that moved the runners to second and third	False
Atlanta could n't take advantage of the error as Gee fought back from a 3 - 1 hole to strike out Eric Hinske , got Wilson on a slow roller that moved the runners to second and third , then fanned pinch-hitter Juan Francisco to end the threat . Hanson went seven innings , allowing just five hits . But his throwing error on an attempted pickoff at first base led to an unearned run in the third	True
Atlanta could n't take advantage of the error as Gee fought back from a 3 - 1 hole to strike out Eric Hinske , got Wilson on a slow roller that moved the runners to second and third , then fanned pinch-hitter Juan Francisco to end the threat . Hanson went seven innings , allowing just five hits . But his throwing error on an attempted pickoff at first base led to an unearned run in the third , erasing Atlanta 's early 1 - 0 lead . Then , in the seventh	True
Atlanta could n't take advantage of the error as Gee fought back from a 3 - 1 hole to strike out Eric Hinske , got Wilson on a slow roller that moved the runners to second and third , then fanned pinch-hitter Juan Francisco to end the threat . Hanson went seven innings , allowing just five hits . But his throwing error on an attempted pickoff at first base led to an unearned run in the third , erasing Atlanta 's early 1 - 0 lead . Then , in the seventh , Hanson skipped a pitch in the dirt for a wild pitch , allowing Thole to race home from third	False
Hanson went seven innings , allowing just five hits . But his throwing error on an attempted pickoff at first base led to an unearned run in the third , erasing Atlanta 's early 1 - 0 lead . Then , in the seventh , Hanson skipped a pitch in the dirt for a wild pitch , allowing Thole to race home from third with an insurance run . Bay capped the scoring with a leadoff homer off Livan Hernandez in the ninth	True
Matusz was chased after giving up four runs in four innings in Monday 's start against the Yankees . The former first round pick fell to 0 - 3 with a 13.09 ERA in four career starts against Toronto . That was the case in Toronto 's seven - run sixth	True
Encarnacion reached base four times , drove in two runs and scored twice . Lawrie had two hits and three RBIs . Luis Perez got two outs in the eighth	True
Encarnacion reached base four times , drove in two runs and scored twice . Lawrie had two hits and three RBIs . Luis Perez got two outs in the eighth and fellow lefty Evan Crawford made his major league debut in a scoreless ninth	True
Luis Perez got two outs in the eighth and fellow lefty Evan Crawford made his major league debut in a scoreless ninth . Baltimore took the lead in the second	True
Luis Perez got two outs in the eighth and fellow lefty Evan Crawford made his major league debut in a scoreless ninth . Baltimore took the lead in the second on Ronny Paulino 's RBI groundout . Toronto tied it in the fourth	False
Baltimore took the lead in the second on Ronny Paulino 's RBI groundout . Toronto tied it in the fourth when Lawrie hit his first homer of the season . The Orioles reclaimed the lead in the sixth	True
Gregg finally ended the inning when Francisco , the seventh batter he faced , flied out . Toronto added one more against Troy Patton in the eighth	True
SEATTLE -- The whirlwind of playing games on two continents and three states to begin the 2012 season had Brendan Ryan so confused he legitimately did n't know the Seattle Mariners had an off-day at home coming on Monday . Ryan will get the needed break after accomplishing a first	False
`` I did n't know that . Are you serious ? '' Ryan asked . `` I do n't have to show up tomorrow ? That 's a really happy off-day then . '' Ryan hit a two - run homer in the second inning , Justin Smoak added a solo shot in the third	True
Ryan hit a two - run homer in the second inning , Justin Smoak added a solo shot in the third and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 3 on Sunday . Snapping streaks was the tone of the afternoon . Ryan hit his first homer before the home crowd after all three of his homers last season came on the road . Then Smoak snapped a skid of 11 straight at-bats without a hit when he lined a solo homer to right field with two outs in the third	True
Snapping streaks was the tone of the afternoon . Ryan hit his first homer before the home crowd after all three of his homers last season came on the road . Then Smoak snapped a skid of 11 straight at-bats without a hit when he lined a solo homer to right field with two outs in the third off Graham Godfrey ( 0 - 2 ) . Blake Beavan threw seven strong innings , making just one mistake in the fifth	True
Snapping streaks was the tone of the afternoon . Ryan hit his first homer before the home crowd after all three of his homers last season came on the road . Then Smoak snapped a skid of 11 straight at-bats without a hit when he lined a solo homer to right field with two outs in the third off Graham Godfrey ( 0 - 2 ) . Blake Beavan threw seven strong innings , making just one mistake in the fifth when Oakland 's Eric Sogard hit a three - run homer . But Beavan recovered to retire nine of the final 10 batters he faced and Brandon League pitched the ninth	False
`` It 's been a long stretch , '' Seattle manager Eric Wedge . `` These guys still have n't gotten a chance to get settled in . '' While the home runs provided highlights , it was Seattle taking advantage of Oakland 's defensive mistakes in the fifth	True
While the home runs provided highlights , it was Seattle taking advantage of Oakland 's defensive mistakes in the fifth that became the difference in the game . Chone Figgins walked with one out and Dustin Ackley followed with a chopper to second	False
Chone Figgins walked with one out and Dustin Ackley followed with a chopper to second . Instead of making a pivot and overhand throw , Oakland second baseman Jemile Weeks tried to make a back-handed flip and was well wide of the bag . Suzuki followed with a double off the wall in right for a 4 - 3 lead and Smoak got himself another RBI when his tapper back to the mound was initially bobbled by Godfrey , allowing Ackley to score from third without a play at the plate . That was plenty for Beavan , who struck out four and did n't walk a batter . His only problem was one stretch of three batters in the top of the fifth	True
Harang set a Los Angeles Dodgers record with nine consecutive strikeouts , one short of the major league mark , and Los Angeles beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 8 on Friday night on four straight walks in the bottom of the ninth inning . Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer and Harang tied his career high with 13 strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings to help the Dodgers win their fourth	False
Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer and Harang tied his career high with 13 strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings to help the Dodgers win their fourth in a row . They lead the majors with a 7 - 1 record , their best start since 1981 , when they opened 9 - 1 and went on to win the World Series . Chase Headley hit a tying , two - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
Harang and catcher A. J. Ellis had set a pregame goal of getting ahead of the hitters . The streak ended when Will Venable homered leading off the fourth	True
Padres starter Clayton Richard allowed eight runs and six hits in six innings . The Dodgers took a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
After zipping through the first three innings , Harang sat longer than usual in the unseasonable cold while the Dodgers batted around in the bottom of the inning . He promptly gave up the homer to Venable before walking Headley , who scored on Yonder Alonso 's double that left the Padres trailing 4 - 3 . The Dodgers extended their lead to 8 - 3 in the fourth	True
The Dodgers extended their lead to 8 - 3 in the fourth . A. J. Ellis had an RBI double and Tony Gwynn Jr. added an RBI single before Kemp hit a two - run shot to center field , his third homer of the season . The Padres trailed 8 - 6 after scoring three runs in the seventh	True
DENVER -- No win for the ages . Or , for that matter , the aged . At 49 , Jamie Moyer failed in his second attempt to become the oldest pitcher to win a major league game when Madison Bumgarner took a no-hit bid into the sixth	True
The Rockies made two errors behind Moyer , who relies on his defense and on fooling hitters , not blowing fastballs past them . Moyer ( 0 - 2 ) surrendered four runs , two earned , and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one , struck out three and hit a batter before leaving to a standing ovation in the sixth	True
The 22-year-old Bumgarner ( 1 - 1 ) , who was n't even born when Moyer made his major league debut in 1986 , stifled a Rockies lineup that had produced 17 runs and 22 hits the night before . He walked two and struck out two . Brian Wilson converted his first save opportunity of the season , but he needed 32 pitches to get the final three outs . The Rockies loaded the bases with one out when pinch hitter Todd Helton lined out to second baseman Emmanuel Burriss . Tyler Colvin , who broke up Bumgarner 's no-hitter in the sixth	True
Brian Wilson converted his first save opportunity of the season , but he needed 32 pitches to get the final three outs . The Rockies loaded the bases with one out when pinch hitter Todd Helton lined out to second baseman Emmanuel Burriss . Tyler Colvin , who broke up Bumgarner 's no-hitter in the sixth , drew a walk to make it 4 - 2 , before Marco Scutaro flied out to right . Colvin 's sinking line drive went under the glove of diving left fielder Melky Cabrera for a one - out triple in the sixth	True
Moyer became the oldest pitcher to make multiple starts in a season , but what he really wants is to get that first win since 2010 with Philadelphia . He missed all of last season after ligament-replacement surgery on his left elbow . Part of the reason for Moyer 's high pitch count of 112 was that he had to get out of a bases-loaded jam in the first	True
Or offense , for that matter . And that Fowler dropped Ryan Theriot 's fly ball to center leading off the fourth	True
The oldest pitcher ever to win a game in the majors was Jack Quinn of the Brooklyn Dodgers on Sept. 13 , 1932 , when he was 49 years , 70 days old . Moyer was 49 years , 146 days old on Thursday . Aside from the two unearned runs he surrendered , Moyer gave up Brett Pill 's bloop RBI single in the third	True
The oldest pitcher ever to win a game in the majors was Jack Quinn of the Brooklyn Dodgers on Sept. 13 , 1932 , when he was 49 years , 70 days old . Moyer was 49 years , 146 days old on Thursday . Aside from the two unearned runs he surrendered , Moyer gave up Brett Pill 's bloop RBI single in the third and Cabrera 's seeing-eye single up the middle in the fourth	True
Knowing the Cincinnati Reds ' relievers are prone to throwing `` dirtballs , '' Zimmerman was aware that Alfredo Simon might very well miss his mark . Sure enough , Simon threw a wild pitch , and Zimmerman raced home , helping the Nationals extend their best start since moving to Washington with a 3 - 2 victory over the Reds . Scoring the winning run made Zimmerman able to get over the two balls that got past him while he played third	False
Instead , the Nationals improved to 5 - 2 , good for first place in the NL East , and treating an announced sellout crowd of 40,907 to a win in the home opener for the first time since 2008 . Craig Stammen ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the 10th	True
The Nationals never had been better than 3 - 4 through seven games since they moved to Washington in 2005 . They 're hoping to build on last season 's improvement , when they finished 80 - 81 and in third place in the NL East . He even added his first major league hit , for good measure , a blooper of a single to left off Mat Latos with one out in the fifth	True
The Nationals never had been better than 3 - 4 through seven games since they moved to Washington in 2005 . They 're hoping to build on last season 's improvement , when they finished 80 - 81 and in third place in the NL East . He even added his first major league hit , for good measure , a blooper of a single to left off Mat Latos with one out in the fifth , then rolled his neck , smiled broadly and chuckled a bit while standing on the bag at first	False
He even added his first major league hit , for good measure , a blooper of a single to left off Mat Latos with one out in the fifth , then rolled his neck , smiled broadly and chuckled a bit while standing on the bag at first . Thanks to Adam LaRoche 's two - run single with the bases loaded in the fifth	True
He even added his first major league hit , for good measure , a blooper of a single to left off Mat Latos with one out in the fifth , then rolled his neck , smiled broadly and chuckled a bit while standing on the bag at first . Thanks to Adam LaRoche 's two - run single with the bases loaded in the fifth , the Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead into the ninth	True
It scooted past Zimmerman , allowing the Reds to make it 2 - 2 . But Zimmerman got a chance to make amends . He was at third	False
Little did they know that 4-year-old Cole Carroll would be the one to provide it . Jamey Carroll had his first two hits with Minnesota , including the go-ahead single in the seventh	True
Carroll showed the video to the rest of the team , and it provided a much-needed moment of levity during a difficult start . Chris Parmelee hit a tying two - run triple in the seventh	True
Carroll showed the video to the rest of the team , and it provided a much-needed moment of levity during a difficult start . Chris Parmelee hit a tying two - run triple in the seventh before Carroll drove him in with a single off LaTroy Hawkins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
Chris Parmelee hit a tying two - run triple in the seventh before Carroll drove him in with a single off LaTroy Hawkins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his first save . Peter Bourjos hit a three - run , inside-the-park homer and Albert Pujols went 1 for 4 with an RBI for the Angels , who led 5 - 3 going into the bottom of the seventh	False
Peter Bourjos hit a three - run , inside-the-park homer and Albert Pujols went 1 for 4 with an RBI for the Angels , who led 5 - 3 going into the bottom of the seventh . The Angels had the tying run on second	False
Peter Bourjos hit a three - run , inside-the-park homer and Albert Pujols went 1 for 4 with an RBI for the Angels , who led 5 - 3 going into the bottom of the seventh . The Angels had the tying run on second with one out in the ninth	True
The Angels had the tying run on second with one out in the ninth , but Capps got Vernon Wells to ground out to shortstop and Alberto Callaspo to pop out to end the game . Jeff Gray ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the seventh	True
Then , in a flash , it was gone . With two on and two out in the fifth	True
With two on and two out in the fifth , Bourjos hit a rocket to left field , and Willingham slammed into the wall trying to track it down . Almost before center fielder Denard Span could get over to help , it was already over and the Angels regained the lead at 4 - 3 . But Ryan Doumit and Danny Valencia started the seventh	True
But Ryan Doumit and Danny Valencia started the seventh with singles to chase Weaver , and Parmelee followed with a rip down the right-field line . Former Twins Gold Glover Torii Hunter stumbled while chasing it into the corner and went face-first into the wall . Hunter remained in the game , but Parmelee motored around to third	False
Atlanta was swept in its opening series at New York , then lost to Houston on Monday to drop to 0 - 4 . But it bounced back with two consecutive wins against the Astros to take the series and gain some momentum heading into Friday 's home opener . Ross , the backup catcher , drove in Chipper Jones and Dan Uggla with a double to center in the fourth	True
Atlanta was swept in its opening series at New York , then lost to Houston on Monday to drop to 0 - 4 . But it bounced back with two consecutive wins against the Astros to take the series and gain some momentum heading into Friday 's home opener . Ross , the backup catcher , drove in Chipper Jones and Dan Uggla with a double to center in the fourth , giving the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Heyward , who finished with three hits , added an insurance run with his solo shot to right in the eighth	True
The performance by Ross came a night after Jones came off the disabled list and hit a two - run homer to lead the Braves to their first win of the year after starting 0 - 4 for the first time since 1988 . Heyward also had a tying RBI single in the second	True
Houston left-hander Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and six hits in five innings . The Astros loaded the bases in the fourth	True
Houston left-hander Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and six hits in five innings . The Astros loaded the bases in the fourth and seventh	True
Houston left-hander Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and six hits in five innings . The Astros loaded the bases in the fourth and seventh , but got just one run out of those opportunities . They also put runners at first	False
Houston left-hander Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and six hits in five innings . The Astros loaded the bases in the fourth and seventh , but got just one run out of those opportunities . They also put runners at first and third	False
Houston left-hander Wandy Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and six hits in five innings . The Astros loaded the bases in the fourth and seventh , but got just one run out of those opportunities . They also put runners at first and third with two outs in the ninth	True
Gonzalez credited Ross for helping the 22-year-old Delgado get out of some jams and raved about his value to the team . Atlanta increased its lead to 6 - 3 when Martin Prado scored on right fielder Justin Maxwell 's throwing error in the ninth	True
Atlanta increased its lead to 6 - 3 when Martin Prado scored on right fielder Justin Maxwell 's throwing error in the ninth . The Astros trimmed the Braves ' lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
The Astros trimmed the Braves ' lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh , but could n't come up with a big hit to take control . They loaded the bases with one out , but Eric O'Flaherty got Martinez to fly out to right . Lee walked to force in a run before pinch hitter Matt Downs bounced into a fielder 's choice . The Braves went in front for good in the fourth	True
An error by Rodriguez allowed Delgado to reach with one out and he walked Prado with two outs . But Rodriguez was able to limit the damage by striking out Freddie Freeman . Delgado was struck by Martinez 's comebacker in the fifth	True
Garcia and Orioles left-hander Chen both had memorable performances . Garcia threw five wild pitches , one short of the major league record , and Chen took a 4 - 1 lead into the sixth inning in his major league debut . In the sixth	True
His problem was that he could n't get a grip on the split-finger fastball , his money pitch . Robinson Cano led off the 12th	True
Robinson Cano led off the 12th with a double off Pedro Strop ( 0 - 1 ) . Four batters later , Ibanez hit a liner off the right-field warning track that bounced into the stands . Former Oriole Clay Rapada ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th	True
Robinson Cano led off the 12th with a double off Pedro Strop ( 0 - 1 ) . Four batters later , Ibanez hit a liner off the right-field warning track that bounced into the stands . Former Oriole Clay Rapada ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect 12th	True
Garcia was even shakier in the bottom half . After J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer , Nick Markakis walked and Matt Wieters singled with two outs . Garcia then threw a pair of wild pitches that enabled Markakis to score the go-ahead run . The next flurry of activity came in the Baltimore fourth	True
Garcia was even shakier in the bottom half . After J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer , Nick Markakis walked and Matt Wieters singled with two outs . Garcia then threw a pair of wild pitches that enabled Markakis to score the go-ahead run . The next flurry of activity came in the Baltimore fourth . Adam Jones led off with a double , took third	False
The next flurry of activity came in the Baltimore fourth . Adam Jones led off with a double , took third on a wild pitch and scored when catcher Russell Martin dropped a throw to the plate . Chen retired 12 straight batters before Martin 's one - out single in the fifth	True
Baltimore made it 4 - 1 in the bottom half when Robert Andino doubled , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on a wild pitch . In the sixth	True
The loss drops Atlanta to 0 - 4 for the first time since losing 10 straight to open the 1988 season . The Astros are 3 - 1 after finishing last season with baseball 's worst record . Houston trailed 3 - 0 in the third	True
Houston trailed 3 - 0 in the third before a trio of errors by the Braves , with two from third baseman Juan Francisco , led to three unearned runs and tied the game . Astros starter J. A. Happ drove in the go-ahead run with an RBI single in the fourth inning that made it 4 - 3 . Pinch-hitter J. D. Martinez and Jose Altuve drove in a run each in the sixth	True
Houston relievers Wesley Wright , Fernando Rodriguez and David Carpenter combined to allow one hit in three scoreless innings . Rookie Marwin Gonzalez , who had three hits and scored three runs , doubled in the fourth	True
Rookie Marwin Gonzalez , who had three hits and scored three runs , doubled in the fourth before Happ helped his cause with his run-scoring single to right field that gave Houston a 4 - 3 lead . Beachy walked Jordan Schafer with two outs in the third	True
Rookie Marwin Gonzalez , who had three hits and scored three runs , doubled in the fourth before Happ helped his cause with his run-scoring single to right field that gave Houston a 4 - 3 lead . Beachy walked Jordan Schafer with two outs in the third before Altuve reached on a fielding error by Francisco . A second error by Francisco on the same play , this time on the throw to third	False
Rookie Marwin Gonzalez , who had three hits and scored three runs , doubled in the fourth before Happ helped his cause with his run-scoring single to right field that gave Houston a 4 - 3 lead . Beachy walked Jordan Schafer with two outs in the third before Altuve reached on a fielding error by Francisco . A second error by Francisco on the same play , this time on the throw to third , allowed Schafer to advance to third	False
Beachy walked Jordan Schafer with two outs in the third before Altuve reached on a fielding error by Francisco . A second error by Francisco on the same play , this time on the throw to third , allowed Schafer to advance to third . Buck followed with a two - RBI double to get Houston within 3 - 2 . He reached third	False
Lee tied it 3 - 3 with a single to center field which scored Buck . Beachy finally got out of the inning when Brian Bogusevic grounded out . Martin Prado doubled in the third	True
Martin Prado doubled in the third and scored on a single by Brian McCann to push Atlanta 's lead to 3 - 0 . Happ got on track after McCann 's RBI , retiring the next 11 in a row , striking out five . He did n't allow another base runner until Matt Diaz walked with two outs in the sixth	True
Happ got on track after McCann 's RBI , retiring the next 11 in a row , striking out five . He did n't allow another base runner until Matt Diaz walked with two outs in the sixth , but Francisco lined out to end the inning . Freddie Freeman singled with one out in the second	True
Happ got on track after McCann 's RBI , retiring the next 11 in a row , striking out five . He did n't allow another base runner until Matt Diaz walked with two outs in the sixth , but Francisco lined out to end the inning . Freddie Freeman singled with one out in the second before Diaz grounded into a force out that left Freeman out at second	False
Detroit swept the season-opening series , scoring 26 runs and winning twice in its final at-bat . The Tigers trailed 10 - 7 on Sunday when Miguel Cabrera tied the game with a three - run shot off Alfredo Aceves in the ninth	True
Detroit swept the season-opening series , scoring 26 runs and winning twice in its final at-bat . The Tigers trailed 10 - 7 on Sunday when Miguel Cabrera tied the game with a three - run shot off Alfredo Aceves in the ninth . Boston then scored twice in the 11th	True
The Tigers trailed 10 - 7 on Sunday when Miguel Cabrera tied the game with a three - run shot off Alfredo Aceves in the ninth . Boston then scored twice in the 11th , but Mark Melancon ( 0 - 2 ) could n't hold the lead . Cabrera and Prince Fielder singled with one out before a wild pitch sent Cabrera to third	False
Cabrera and Prince Fielder singled with one out before a wild pitch sent Cabrera to third and Delmon Young 's sacrifice fly cut the margin in half . Avila followed with a drive to right and Cody Ross tried to make a leaping catch , but the ball appeared to hit a restraining gate just above the wall before caroming back onto the field . Avila paused near second	False
Through three games , Aceves and Melancon have a combined ERA of 63.00 , according to ESPN Stats & Information . Nick Punto and Dustin Pedroia hit RBI singles in the 11th	True
In three games this season , Jon Lester has Boston 's lone quality start , in which he went seven innings and allowed one run in a no-decision . Buchholz and Josh Beckett , who gave up seven runs in seven innings on Saturday , did n't meet the quality start threshold of at least six innings pitched with three runs or fewer allowed . Detroit reliever Daniel Schlereth allowed a two - run homer to Gonzalez on the first pitch he threw after coming on in the sixth	True
Detroit reliever Daniel Schlereth allowed a two - run homer to Gonzalez on the first pitch he threw after coming on in the sixth . That gave Boston a 9 - 7 lead , and Vicente Padilla pitched four scoreless innings of relief for the Red Sox after replacing Buchholz . The 34-year-old Padilla kept the powerful Detroit lineup off balance , at one point lobbing consecutive pitches of 54 and 52 mph on the stadium gun to Fielder in the seventh	True
The 34-year-old Padilla kept the powerful Detroit lineup off balance , at one point lobbing consecutive pitches of 54 and 52 mph on the stadium gun to Fielder in the seventh . Punto made it 10 - 7 with an RBI infield single in the ninth	False
Martin Prado hit a two - run homer for Atlanta . His shot in the fifth ended the Braves ' longest season-opening shutout streak since 1980 -- this is their first 0 - 2 start in four years . With hot dog wrappers blowing around the field , Duda launched a drive to right-center field in the fourth	True
With hot dog wrappers blowing around the field , Duda launched a drive to right-center field in the fourth . The ball flew over the new fence , yet several feet in front of where the old wall still stands . Duda hit another solo shot run in the seventh	True
Duda hit another solo shot run in the seventh off Chad Durbin , a drive to right that would 've been a home run in any year . It was Duda 's first multihomer game in the majors . Josh Thole lined a go-ahead single in the fifth	True
Dickey drew attention this spring with his revealing biography , a book in which he wrote about being sexually abused as a boy . He returned the focus to the field with his pitching , plus an alert play at the plate . Michael Bourn led off the game with a double and later tried to score from third	False
Detroit went 10 - 14 during a grueling stretch of 19 of 24 on the road and returns home to open a three - game series against the New York Yankees on Friday night . Scherzer ( 5 - 3 ) retired nine consecutive batters before Nick Punto led off the seventh	True
Scherzer ( 5 - 3 ) retired nine consecutive batters before Nick Punto led off the seventh with a walk , forcing the right-hander from the game after 117 pitches . He allowed three runs and seven hits in his third consecutive victory , closing out a strong May . Young hit a solo drive in the eighth inning to make it 5 - 3 , then added a run-scoring single in the ninth	True
Young and Quintin Berry each had three hits for Detroit , which finished with 14 overall . Berry also scored two runs and stole two bases . Saltalamacchia connected in the second inning , and Scott Podsednik doubled in Ryan Sweeney to make it 2 - 0 . Detroit responded with three runs in the third	True
Saltalamacchia connected in the second inning , and Scott Podsednik doubled in Ryan Sweeney to make it 2 - 0 . Detroit responded with three runs in the third , capped by Prince Fielder 's two - out RBI single . Saltalamacchia tied it with a two - out RBI single in bottom half . But the Tigers grabbed the lead for good when Miguel Cabrera singled in Berry in the fifth	True
The burly Fielder also tripled in Cabrera in the ninth inning . The Tigers threatened to score in the second inning after Young singled and Alex Avila followed with a double , but Sweeney caught Jhonny Peralta 's fly ball to right and doubled up Young trying to score from third	False
Freeman , who had missed four straight starts because of vision problems , was elated about receiving his new sports glasses before the game . He was so excited he rushed to the batting cage early Wednesday afternoon to test the glasses before taking off the shorts and polo shirt he wore to the stadium . The first baseman broke out of a slump with three hits : his eighth homer in the first	True
Freeman , who had missed four straight starts because of vision problems , was elated about receiving his new sports glasses before the game . He was so excited he rushed to the batting cage early Wednesday afternoon to test the glasses before taking off the shorts and polo shirt he wore to the stadium . The first baseman broke out of a slump with three hits : his eighth homer in the first , a run-scoring double in the third	True
Freeman , who had missed four straight starts because of vision problems , was elated about receiving his new sports glasses before the game . He was so excited he rushed to the batting cage early Wednesday afternoon to test the glasses before taking off the shorts and polo shirt he wore to the stadium . The first baseman broke out of a slump with three hits : his eighth homer in the first , a run-scoring double in the third and a run-scoring single in the eighth	True
Pastornicky is hitting .248 with seven errors . The Braves , who snapped an eight - game losing streak on Tuesday night , gave up a 5 - 0 lead , then scored three runs in the sixth	True
The Braves , who snapped an eight - game losing streak on Tuesday night , gave up a 5 - 0 lead , then scored three runs in the sixth . Brian McCann 's two - run single highlighted the rally . McCann , who had a two - run homer in the first	True
McCann , who had a two - run homer in the first , drove in four runs . Jonny Venters ( 3 - 2 ) recorded the last out of the sixth	True
After Freeman 's homer , Tim Hudson and other teammates made circles in front of their eyes , pretending to wear glasses , as they welcomed him to the dugout . Freeman said before the game he did n't care if he looked different in glasses . The Braves broke a 5-all tie with three runs on four hits off Mark Rzepczynski ( 0 - 3 ) in the sixth	True
After Freeman 's homer , Tim Hudson and other teammates made circles in front of their eyes , pretending to wear glasses , as they welcomed him to the dugout . Freeman said before the game he did n't care if he looked different in glasses . The Braves broke a 5-all tie with three runs on four hits off Mark Rzepczynski ( 0 - 3 ) in the sixth . Jack Wilson 's double drove in Jose Constanza , who reached first	False
After Freeman 's homer , Tim Hudson and other teammates made circles in front of their eyes , pretending to wear glasses , as they welcomed him to the dugout . Freeman said before the game he did n't care if he looked different in glasses . The Braves broke a 5-all tie with three runs on four hits off Mark Rzepczynski ( 0 - 3 ) in the sixth . Jack Wilson 's double drove in Jose Constanza , who reached first on his third hit and moved to second	False
The Braves broke a 5-all tie with three runs on four hits off Mark Rzepczynski ( 0 - 3 ) in the sixth . Jack Wilson 's double drove in Jose Constanza , who reached first on his third hit and moved to second on a wild pitch . Wilson was caught in a rundown between third	False
The Braves broke a 5-all tie with three runs on four hits off Mark Rzepczynski ( 0 - 3 ) in the sixth . Jack Wilson 's double drove in Jose Constanza , who reached first on his third hit and moved to second on a wild pitch . Wilson was caught in a rundown between third and home on Michael Bourn 's grounder , but he kept the play going long enough for Bourn to advance to second	False
Wilson was caught in a rundown between third and home on Michael Bourn 's grounder , but he kept the play going long enough for Bourn to advance to second . Following an intentional walk to Martin Prado , McCann drove in Bourn and Prado with a single for an 8 - 5 lead . The Cardinals scored two runs off Eric O'Flaherty in the eighth	True
The Cardinals scored two runs off Eric O'Flaherty in the eighth off Shane Robinson 's sacrifice fly and Carlos Beltran 's infield single . The Braves added two runs in the eighth	True
Atlanta led 5 - 0 before the Cardinals managed their first hit . McCann hit a two - run homer in the first	True
McCann hit a two - run homer in the first . One out later , Freeman cleared the center-field wall off Kyle Lohse . With two outs in the third	True
Constanza added a run-scoring single . Rafael Furcal led off the fourth	True
Rafael Furcal led off the fourth with a single for the Cardinals ' first hit . Holliday drove in Furcal with a one - out single . Tyler Green 's two - run , bases-loaded single was the big hit in the Cardinals ' four - run sixth	True
The Marlins are 20 - 8 since May 1 , best in the majors . Greg Dobbs , pinch hitting for Sanchez , drove in the run that put Miami ahead to stay with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
The Marlins are 20 - 8 since May 1 , best in the majors . Greg Dobbs , pinch hitting for Sanchez , drove in the run that put Miami ahead to stay with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Hanley Ramirez hit his eighth homer leading off the eighth	True
This season he has thrown well against nearly everyone . His ERA is 2.56 , and he ranks among the NL leaders with 67 strikeouts . Reliever Steve Cishek walked consecutive batters to load the bases in the eighth	True
The Nationals went 0 for 5 with runners in scoring position and are 1 for 12 in the series . Their only run scored on a suicide squeeze bunt by Corey Brown , starting for the first time this season after joining the Nationals from Triple-A Syracuse on Monday . Pinch-hitter Jhonatan Solano , making his major league debut , doubled with two out in the ninth	True
Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) allowed only two runs , one earned , in 6 2/3 innings . He 's 0 - 3 in his past eight starts even though his ERA this season is only 3.17 . Miami broke a 1-all tie with an unearned run in the seventh	True
Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) allowed only two runs , one earned , in 6 2/3 innings . He 's 0 - 3 in his past eight starts even though his ERA this season is only 3.17 . Miami broke a 1-all tie with an unearned run in the seventh . Chris Coghlan singled and went to third	False
Miami broke a 1-all tie with an unearned run in the seventh . Chris Coghlan singled and went to third when Jackson made a wild pickoff throw , and Dobbs brought the run home . The Marlins had only one hit until the sixth	True
The Marlins had only one hit until the sixth , when they scored on a double by Omar Infante and a two - out RBI double by Giancarlo Stanton to make it 1-all . Ian Desmond , who grounded out on the 10th pitch he saw in his first at-bat , singled for the Nationals ' first hit to start the fifth	True
The Marlins had only one hit until the sixth , when they scored on a double by Omar Infante and a two - out RBI double by Giancarlo Stanton to make it 1-all . Ian Desmond , who grounded out on the 10th pitch he saw in his first at-bat , singled for the Nationals ' first hit to start the fifth . He stole second	False
The Marlins had only one hit until the sixth , when they scored on a double by Omar Infante and a two - out RBI double by Giancarlo Stanton to make it 1-all . Ian Desmond , who grounded out on the 10th pitch he saw in his first at-bat , singled for the Nationals ' first hit to start the fifth . He stole second and continued to third	False
Ian Desmond , who grounded out on the 10th pitch he saw in his first at-bat , singled for the Nationals ' first hit to start the fifth . He stole second and continued to third when the throw was errant . When he broke for home on a 1 - 1 pitch , Brown laid down a squeeze bunt that left the Marlins without a play at the plate . Harper tripled with two out in the sixth	True
Andy Pettitte ( 2 - 2 ) yielded nine hits and five runs over seven - plus innings in another solid start for the Yankees , but his teammates could n't counteract the Angels ' plate power and defensive prowess . Trout and Peter Bourjos also made spectacular outfield catches on long drives by Nick Swisher , slamming into the wall to rob him of extra-base hits in the second	True
Andy Pettitte ( 2 - 2 ) yielded nine hits and five runs over seven - plus innings in another solid start for the Yankees , but his teammates could n't counteract the Angels ' plate power and defensive prowess . Trout and Peter Bourjos also made spectacular outfield catches on long drives by Nick Swisher , slamming into the wall to rob him of extra-base hits in the second and seventh innings . Bourjos tracked down yet another long drive by Swisher in the eighth	True
Derek Jeter went 2 - for - 4 with a walk on the 17th anniversary of his major league debut with the Yankees , who passed the midway point of a nine - game road trip . The captain leads the American League with 70 hits , including 20 multihit games . Pujols ' two - run shot in the third inning was his fifth homer in eight games , his seventh	False
Derek Jeter went 2 - for - 4 with a walk on the 17th anniversary of his major league debut with the Yankees , who passed the midway point of a nine - game road trip . The captain leads the American League with 70 hits , including 20 multihit games . Pujols ' two - run shot in the third inning was his fifth homer in eight games , his seventh in the past 14 days and his eighth	False
Scott Hairston and Vinny Rottino each hit tying two - run homers for the Mets , who had a three - game winning streak end . Down 5 - 4 , the Mets threatened in the eighth	True
Scott Hairston and Vinny Rottino each hit tying two - run homers for the Mets , who had a three - game winning streak end . Down 5 - 4 , the Mets threatened in the eighth when pinch-hitter Andres Torres doubled . With one out and Torres on third	False
Hamels said facing Wright took everything he had left . He finally retired the Mets star on a changeup , a pitch he had n't intended to throw during the at-bat . Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff single to Jimmy Rollins in the seventh	True
Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff single to Jimmy Rollins in the seventh and Wigginton , who played for the Mets from 2002 - 2004 , singled him home two outs later for a 5 - 4 lead . Wigginton added a no-doubt , three - run homer to left in the ninth	True
Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff single to Jimmy Rollins in the seventh and Wigginton , who played for the Mets from 2002 - 2004 , singled him home two outs later for a 5 - 4 lead . Wigginton added a no-doubt , three - run homer to left in the ninth off Manny Acosta to blow open a close game and cap a day in which he went 3 for 3 with two walks . Wigginton also had a two - run double in the third	True
Wigginton added a no-doubt , three - run homer to left in the ninth off Manny Acosta to blow open a close game and cap a day in which he went 3 for 3 with two walks . Wigginton also had a two - run double in the third . John Mayberry Jr. put the Phillies up 4 - 2 with a long home run to left field after Wigginton walked to lead off the sixth	True
Wigginton added a no-doubt , three - run homer to left in the ninth off Manny Acosta to blow open a close game and cap a day in which he went 3 for 3 with two walks . Wigginton also had a two - run double in the third . John Mayberry Jr. put the Phillies up 4 - 2 with a long home run to left field after Wigginton walked to lead off the sixth . It was the second	False
Niese left before any more damage could be done , having walked five and allowed four earned runs in five - plus innings while throwing 115 pitches on a sticky day . Mets pitchers had combined for 28 scoreless innings before the Phillies scored . In the Mets third	True
In the Mets third , Justin Turner got a two - out hit of his own , then sprained his ankle in a rundown . Rob Johnson was held up at third	False
In the Mets third , Justin Turner got a two - out hit of his own , then sprained his ankle in a rundown . Rob Johnson was held up at third when Philadelphia right fielder Hunter Pence fired home , and Turner tried to take second	False
In the Mets third , Justin Turner got a two - out hit of his own , then sprained his ankle in a rundown . Rob Johnson was held up at third when Philadelphia right fielder Hunter Pence fired home , and Turner tried to take second . Catcher Brian Schneider threw to second baseman Freddy Galvis to start the rundown , and Rollins chased Turner back to first	False
Turner lunged for the bag and tumbled into foul territory behind the base , where he writhed in pain as Mets staff came out to assist him . After about a minute , he was assisted off the field . Wright moved to shortstop from third base , playing the position for the second time in his major league career . He played there in the eighth	True
Turner lunged for the bag and tumbled into foul territory behind the base , where he writhed in pain as Mets staff came out to assist him . After about a minute , he was assisted off the field . Wright moved to shortstop from third base , playing the position for the second time in his major league career . He played there in the eighth and ninth innings last Aug. 7 , when Jose Reyes and Daniel Murphy were hurt in a game . In the fifth inning Monday , Wright went to his left to scoop a grounder and threw sharply to first	False
Atlanta 's Tommy Hanson ( 5 - 4 ) gave up a season-high six runs on eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . Hanson left the bases loaded in the first	True
Atlanta 's Tommy Hanson ( 5 - 4 ) gave up a season-high six runs on eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . Hanson left the bases loaded in the first and stranded a runner on third base in the second	True
Atlanta 's Tommy Hanson ( 5 - 4 ) gave up a season-high six runs on eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . Hanson left the bases loaded in the first and stranded a runner on third base in the second , then fell behind 4 - 0 in the third	True
Hanson left the bases loaded in the first and stranded a runner on third base in the second , then fell behind 4 - 0 in the third . Matt Holliday singled and scored on McCann 's passed ball . After Carlos Beltran was caught in a rundown between third	False
Matt Holliday singled and scored on McCann 's passed ball . After Carlos Beltran was caught in a rundown between third and home when he broke for the plate on a pitch , Yadier Molina singled in a run and Descalso followed with his second home run this season . Furcal 's home run off Hanson and Adams ' RBI single off Kris Medlen made it 6 - 0 in the fourth	True
Furcal 's home run off Hanson and Adams ' RBI single off Kris Medlen made it 6 - 0 in the fourth . Juan Francisco had a two - run single in the bottom half . Adams added a two - run double against Medlen in the sixth	True
Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said the Nationals are stretching their lead in the NL East despite having Michael Morse , Wilson Ramos and Jayson Werth on the disabled list . The Nationals took the lead with four runs in the sixth	True
Gio Gonzalez gave up two runs and three walks in seven innings . Craig Stammen allowed two hits in 1 2/3 innings before Sean Burnett recorded the final out . Beachy 's 1.77 ERA , the best in the major leagues , did not change as he permitted three runs -- only one earned -- on three hits and four walks in five - plus innings . He was pulled with the game tied at 2 after hitting Danny Espinosa with a pitch to open the sixth	True
The Nationals jumped on former Washington pitcher Livan Hernandez following Beachy 's exit . Hernandez walked Rick Ankiel on four pitches before Jesus Flores gave Washington the lead with an RBI single . Steve Lombardozzi added a two - run double . The losing streak is having a toll on Braves fans , who booed after the hit by Lombardozzi . There were more boos from the crowd of 38,543 after Lombardozzi scored easily from second	False
The losing streak is having a toll on Braves fans , who booed after the hit by Lombardozzi . There were more boos from the crowd of 38,543 after Lombardozzi scored easily from second when right fielder Jason Heyward bobbled Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Flores had three hits . He left the game following his third hit in the seventh	True
Flores had three hits . He left the game following his third hit in the seventh with a mild strain of his right hamstring . Harper hit his homer , a high shot into the right-field seats , off Hernandez in the eighth	True
Harper hit his homer , a high shot into the right-field seats , off Hernandez in the eighth . The Braves scored a run without a hit in the first	True
Harper hit his homer , a high shot into the right-field seats , off Hernandez in the eighth . The Braves scored a run without a hit in the first . Michael Bourn walked , stole second	False
Harper hit his homer , a high shot into the right-field seats , off Hernandez in the eighth . The Braves scored a run without a hit in the first . Michael Bourn walked , stole second , moved to third	False
The Braves scored a run without a hit in the first . Michael Bourn walked , stole second , moved to third on Tyler Pastornicky 's sacrifice and scored on Martin Prado 's groundout . Atlanta added a run in the third	True
Atlanta added a run in the third . Bourn had a one - out triple for Atlanta 's lone hit off Gonzalez and scored on Pastornicky 's suicide squeeze . Flores had a run-scoring and Gonzalez hit a sacrifice fly as the Nationals tied the game with two runs in the fourth	True
Buehrle ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and eight hits while throwing 69 of 100 pitches for strikes . Buehrle was replaced by Steve Cishek after Ryan Theriot tripled to center past a diving Chris Coghlan with one out in the eighth	True
Buehrle was replaced by Steve Cishek after Ryan Theriot tripled to center past a diving Chris Coghlan with one out in the eighth . Cishek retired Melky Cabrera on a ground out , which scored Theriot . Buster Posey grounded out to end the inning . Heath Bell , who was pulled in the ninth	True
Buehrle was replaced by Steve Cishek after Ryan Theriot tripled to center past a diving Chris Coghlan with one out in the eighth . Cishek retired Melky Cabrera on a ground out , which scored Theriot . Buster Posey grounded out to end the inning . Heath Bell , who was pulled in the ninth during Friday 's game in favor of Cishek as Bell allowed two runs and retired just one batter , continued his struggles . Bell allowed a single to Angel Pagan to open the ninth	True
With one out in the third inning and the scored tied 1 - 1 , Jose Reyes and Omar Infante each reached with base hits and successfully pulled off a double steal with Hanley Ramirez batting . Ramirez followed with a single to left scoring Reyes . After Stanton walked , Morrison grounded into what appeared to be an inning-ending double play , but Emmanuel Burriss ' throw bounced passed first baseman Brett Pill allowing Infante and Ramirez to score giving the Marlins a 4 - 1 lead . Stanton doubled to lead off the second	True
With one out in the third inning and the scored tied 1 - 1 , Jose Reyes and Omar Infante each reached with base hits and successfully pulled off a double steal with Hanley Ramirez batting . Ramirez followed with a single to left scoring Reyes . After Stanton walked , Morrison grounded into what appeared to be an inning-ending double play , but Emmanuel Burriss ' throw bounced passed first baseman Brett Pill allowing Infante and Ramirez to score giving the Marlins a 4 - 1 lead . Stanton doubled to lead off the second and scored on a single by Donovan Solano for the Marlins first run of the game . He doubled again to leadoff the sixth	True
Meanwhile , the Tigers have dropped six of eight , and manager Jim Leyland was n't around to see the final four innings after being ejected . Detroit stranded 30 runners in the series and went just 3 of 28 ( .107 ) with runners in scoring position . Miguel Cabrera , Prince Fielder and Delmon Young , the Tigers ' 3 - 4 - 4 hitters , went a combined 0 for 12 with runners at second	False
Meanwhile , the Tigers have dropped six of eight , and manager Jim Leyland was n't around to see the final four innings after being ejected . Detroit stranded 30 runners in the series and went just 3 of 28 ( .107 ) with runners in scoring position . Miguel Cabrera , Prince Fielder and Delmon Young , the Tigers ' 3 - 4 - 4 hitters , went a combined 0 for 12 with runners at second or third	False
Although they may not be getting much national respect , the Indians have the Tigers ' attention and Perez believes others will begin giving Cleveland its due . Jose Lopez hit an RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Lopez hit an RBI single in the fourth off Verlander , and as they 've been doing for weeks , the Indians played solid defense , got timely hits and moved eight games over .500 for the first time this season . Masterson ( 2 - 3 ) entered 0 - 4 in seven starts against the Tigers , but the right-hander allowed one run and five hits in seven innings to outduel Verlander . After his starter put two runners on in the seventh	True
BALTIMORE -- Sporting a lineup top-heavy with sluggers , the Boston Red Sox got the power they needed from the bottom third	False
Daniel Nava and Kelly Shoppach hit sixth-inning homers to turn a tie game in Boston 's favor , and newcomer Scott Podsednik also connected to help carry the Red Sox to a 6 - 5 victory Wednesday . Nava batted seventh	False
Daniel Nava and Kelly Shoppach hit sixth-inning homers to turn a tie game in Boston 's favor , and newcomer Scott Podsednik also connected to help carry the Red Sox to a 6 - 5 victory Wednesday . Nava batted seventh , Podsednik eighth	False
The victory enabled the Red Sox to finish a grueling stretch of 20 games in 20 days with an 11 - 9 record , and thrust them back to .500 ( 22 - 22 ) . Boston took two of three from the Orioles , who were seeking to win a fourth straight series against the Red Sox for the first time since 1960 . It was 2-all in the sixth	True
Valentine revealed that the seldom-used Shoppach had griped about his lack of action less than 24 hours earlier . Nick Johnson 's second homer of the game , against Andrew Miller with a man on in the sixth	True
Valentine revealed that the seldom-used Shoppach had griped about his lack of action less than 24 hours earlier . Nick Johnson 's second homer of the game , against Andrew Miller with a man on in the sixth , got Baltimore to 5 - 4 . But Podsednik hit a solo shot in the eighth	True
Acquired from Philadelphia on May 11 and summoned from Triple-A Pawtucket on Tuesday , Podsednik got two hits in his first start with Boston . Wilson Betemit hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Boston starter Daniel Bard ( 4 - 5 ) allowed two runs , five hits and four walks in 5 1/3 innings . Johnson 's first multihomer game since May 28 , 2006 , was not enough to prevent the first-place Orioles from losing for the third time in four games . With the potential tying run on second base in the eighth	True
Arrieta gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He 's winless in four starts since May 2 . Baltimore used the speed of leadoff hitter Xavier Avery to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Arrieta gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He 's winless in four starts since May 2 . Baltimore used the speed of leadoff hitter Xavier Avery to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Avery beat out a chopper in front of the plate , went to second	False
Baltimore used the speed of leadoff hitter Xavier Avery to take a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Avery beat out a chopper in front of the plate , went to second on a single by Robert Andino and worked his way home by tagging up on two short fly balls , the last by Chris Davis . Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the second	True
Johnson hit a drive into the right-field seats to start the bottom half , only the third home run allowed by Bard in eight starts this season . Boston tied it at 2 in the third	True
MIAMI -- With one swing , Giancarlo Stanton knocked out lights on the scoreboard , spoiled Jamie Moyer 's first look at Marlins Park and put Miami on top to stay . Stanton hit a grand slam off Moyer to cap a five - run fourth inning , Mark Buehrle was dominant after a shaky first	True
Austin Kearns tied a career-best with four hits for the Marlins , whose 15 - 5 record in May leads the majors . Buehrle ( 4 - 4 ) worked 7 2/3 innings , giving up four runs and four hits in the first	True
Stanton was n't even born when Moyer 's career began in 1986 . His first game against him was one to remember . Miami 's big fourth got going with one out , when Buehrle hit a soft double -- the second	False
Meanwhile , Buehrle was in a groove . Buehrle got hit hard in the first	True
Buehrle got hit hard in the first , literally and figuratively . Jordan Pacheco lined a ball off Buehrle with one out , and scored along with Carlos Gonzalez two batters later when Cuddyer 's double beat Kearns to the left-field wall . Tulowitzki followed with a homer to left that put the Rockies up 4 - 0 before Moyer even saw the mound . Buehrle did n't give up another hit until Pacheco 's two - out single in the eighth	True
Buehrle got hit hard in the first , literally and figuratively . Jordan Pacheco lined a ball off Buehrle with one out , and scored along with Carlos Gonzalez two batters later when Cuddyer 's double beat Kearns to the left-field wall . Tulowitzki followed with a homer to left that put the Rockies up 4 - 0 before Moyer even saw the mound . Buehrle did n't give up another hit until Pacheco 's two - out single in the eighth , tipping his cap to the crowd as he departed . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Moyer has pitched in more ballparks than anyone since at least 1921 , and was 8 - 2 in the Marlins ' former home , Sun Life Stadium . Guillen -- one of 11 current managers to bat against Moyer in their careers -- went 4 for 22 against the lefty , and several members of the Miami coaching staff and front office also have faced him at one time or another . Miami added an insurance run in the seventh	True
Miami added an insurance run in the seventh , when Ramirez tripled and scored on Kearns ' fourth hit . Stanton is the eighth player to hit a grand slam off Moyer , and Buehrle had never before batted twice in an inning until the fourth	True
Miami added an insurance run in the seventh , when Ramirez tripled and scored on Kearns ' fourth hit . Stanton is the eighth player to hit a grand slam off Moyer , and Buehrle had never before batted twice in an inning until the fourth , according to STATS LLC .. .. Miami RHP Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 2 , 4.10 ) is the Marlins ' scheduled Tuesday starter against Colorado 's Juan Nicasio ( 2 - 1 , 4.37 ) .. .. Kearns stole second	False
With one mighty swing , David Ortiz launched a ball out of Camden Yards and sent the Red Sox on their way to an uplifting 8 - 6 victory Monday night . Dustin Pedroia had two RBIs and Mike Aviles scored the go-ahead run in the seventh	True
Dustin Pedroia had two RBIs and Mike Aviles scored the go-ahead run in the seventh to help Boston secure its ninth win in 11 games . The Red Sox are tied with the New York Yankees in the AL East cellar but are at .500 ( 21 - 21 ) for the first time since April 30 . Boston trailed 5 - 2 in the sixth	True
Boston trailed 5 - 2 in the sixth before Ortiz hit a drive that was so obviously gone that right fielder Nick Markakis did n't even turn around to see it become the 62nd homer in the 21-year history of Camden Yards to land on Eutaw Street . It was his 10th homer of the season , second	False
Chris Davis homered for the first-place Orioles , who swept a three - game series in Fenway Park earlier this month . It was the first meeting between the teams in Baltimore since the Orioles ruined Boston 's chances of reaching the playoffs with a walkoff win on the final day of the 2011 regular season . The Red Sox went up 7 - 5 in the seventh	True
Chris Davis homered for the first-place Orioles , who swept a three - game series in Fenway Park earlier this month . It was the first meeting between the teams in Baltimore since the Orioles ruined Boston 's chances of reaching the playoffs with a walkoff win on the final day of the 2011 regular season . The Red Sox went up 7 - 5 in the seventh against Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 2 ) . Aviles hit a one - out single and took third	False
The Red Sox went up 7 - 5 in the seventh against Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 2 ) . Aviles hit a one - out single and took third on a double by Pedroia before Ortiz received an intentional walk to load the bases . Gonzalez followed with a sacrifice fly and Will Middlebrooks added an RBI single , one of his three hits for the night . Pedroia singled in a run in the eighth	False
Pedroia singled in a run in the eighth for a three - run lead . In the bottom half , Matt Wieters snapped an 0 - for - 20 skid with an RBI single off Rich Hill , whose run of eight straight hitless outings ended . But with runners at second	False
Pedroia singled in a run in the eighth for a three - run lead . In the bottom half , Matt Wieters snapped an 0 - for - 20 skid with an RBI single off Rich Hill , whose run of eight straight hitless outings ended . But with runners at second and third	False
In the bottom half , Matt Wieters snapped an 0 - for - 20 skid with an RBI single off Rich Hill , whose run of eight straight hitless outings ended . But with runners at second and third and one out , Vicente Padilla retired Wilson Betemit on a short fly and struck out Nick Johnson . Padilla has stranded all 15 inherited runners this year . Alfredo Aceves worked the ninth	True
After Boston starter Clay Buchholz gave up five runs in 5 1/3 innings , Andrew Miller ( 1 - 0 ) retired all five batters he faced to earn the win on his 27th birthday . Boston used a run-scoring single by Aviles and Pedroia 's sacrifice fly to go up 2 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore answered with four runs in the bottom half despite hitting only one ball out of the infield . After Betemit singled to right , a walk and Robert Andino 's bunt single loaded the bases . Buchholz then walked in a run , gave up an infield single and issued another bases-loaded walk . The final run came in when Adam Jones hit into a 6 - 4 - 4 double play . Davis hit his sixth home run , the first	False
Baltimore answered with four runs in the bottom half despite hitting only one ball out of the infield . After Betemit singled to right , a walk and Robert Andino 's bunt single loaded the bases . Buchholz then walked in a run , gave up an infield single and issued another bases-loaded walk . The final run came in when Adam Jones hit into a 6 - 4 - 4 double play . Davis hit his sixth home run , the first in three weeks , to make it 5 - 2 in the fourth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Perennial prospect Tyler Greene is finally getting a full shot with the St. Louis Cardinals . Opening some eyes , too . Greene capped his third three - hit game of the month with a go-ahead two - run homer in the bottom of the eighth	True
The former 2005 first-round pick with a career average of .220 in parts of four seasons has started 10 of the last 15 games at second base . Clayton Richard got the first	False
The former 2005 first-round pick with a career average of .220 in parts of four seasons has started 10 of the last 15 games at second base . Clayton Richard got the first out in the eighth	True
Greene gives the Cardinals pop from a middle infield spot , with four homers and 10 RBIs in 79 at-bats . He lowered his elbow for a more even stroke earlier this month and had a career-best two homers in a three - hit game at Houston on May 6 , and three hits and a walk May 15 against the Cubs . Jason Motte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed Guzman 's two - run double in the eighth	True
Greene gives the Cardinals pop from a middle infield spot , with four homers and 10 RBIs in 79 at-bats . He lowered his elbow for a more even stroke earlier this month and had a career-best two homers in a three - hit game at Houston on May 6 , and three hits and a walk May 15 against the Cubs . Jason Motte ( 3 - 1 ) allowed Guzman 's two - run double in the eighth for his second blown save in three chances , but had two fielding assists while finishing off the win with a perfect ninth	True
Yonder Alonso had two hits for the Padres , who are a major league-worst 4 - 11 on the road after dropping the first game of a 10-game trip . Guzman 's go-ahead hit came against the fourth pitcher St. Louis used in the eighth	True
Guzman 's go-ahead hit came against the fourth pitcher St. Louis used in the eighth . Marc Rzepczynski , who gave up Scott Van Slyke 's go-ahead three - run homer in Sunday 's loss at Los Angeles , walked Alonso , the only batter he faced , on four pitches . Garcia 's third career balk , and first	False
Guzman 's go-ahead hit came against the fourth pitcher St. Louis used in the eighth . Marc Rzepczynski , who gave up Scott Van Slyke 's go-ahead three - run homer in Sunday 's loss at Los Angeles , walked Alonso , the only batter he faced , on four pitches . Garcia 's third career balk , and first this season , was costly in the second	True
Guzman 's go-ahead hit came against the fourth pitcher St. Louis used in the eighth . Marc Rzepczynski , who gave up Scott Van Slyke 's go-ahead three - run homer in Sunday 's loss at Los Angeles , walked Alonso , the only batter he faced , on four pitches . Garcia 's third career balk , and first this season , was costly in the second . Alonso went to second	False
Garcia 's third career balk , and first this season , was costly in the second . Alonso went to second after hitting a leadoff single , then advanced on a groundout before scoring on Nick Hundley 's sacrifice fly . Matheny let Garcia hit in the seventh	True
Garcia 's third career balk , and first this season , was costly in the second . Alonso went to second after hitting a leadoff single , then advanced on a groundout before scoring on Nick Hundley 's sacrifice fly . Matheny let Garcia hit in the seventh with one out , a man on second	False
Rafael Furcal busted a 1 - for - 14 slump with a single to tie it and Garcia scored the go-ahead run on Matt Carpenter 's groundout . Garcia intentionally walked Parrino , the No . 8 hitter , to load the bases in the seventh	True
Garcia intentionally walked Parrino , the No . 8 hitter , to load the bases in the seventh before striking out Richard to end the threat . Richard struck out all three at-bats and is 1 for 20 on the season with a single and 13 strikeouts . Earlier in the seventh	True
Earlier in the seventh , Alexi Amarista just missed on a squeeze bunt attempt barely foul down the third-base line before striking out . Garcia lasted just one more batter , departing after Chris Denorfia doubled to start the eighth	True
Garcia lasted just one more batter , departing after Chris Denorfia doubled to start the eighth . He struck out seven , giving him 16 in 14 1/3 innings his last two outings . Richard 's outing was his longest of the season , and his fifth	False
Then the San Francisco Giants found themselves in an extra-inning marathon , finally getting a leadoff home run from backup catcher Hector Sanchez in the 14th inning for a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday night . Posey hit a three - run shot in the first	True
Posey hit a three - run shot in the first , but San Francisco went the next 12 innings without a run . Sanchez 's second homer of the season came off reliever Juan Perez ( 0 - 1 ) , breaking a 3-all tie in a game in which both teams struggled on offense . Ryan Braun tied it with a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Posey hit a three - run shot in the first , but San Francisco went the next 12 innings without a run . Sanchez 's second homer of the season came off reliever Juan Perez ( 0 - 1 ) , breaking a 3-all tie in a game in which both teams struggled on offense . Ryan Braun tied it with a two - run homer in the eighth for Milwaukee but left the game because of tightness in his right groin after grounding out to end the 10th	True
It was not clear if Braun would be able to play Tuesday night . Santiago Casilla ( 1 - 2 ) pitched the final two innings for the win . He allowed a single to Taylor Green with two outs in the 14th	True
Santiago Casilla ( 1 - 2 ) pitched the final two innings for the win . He allowed a single to Taylor Green with two outs in the 14th but got Corey Hart to fly out to end the game . The Brewers had a chance to win in the 12th	True
Wolf was coming off a four - inning outing in a May 16 loss at Houston . He gave up seven runs in that game , six earned . The left-hander issued back-to-back walks with one out in the first	True
The left-hander issued back-to-back walks with one out in the first and Posey made him pay for it by pounding a 2 - 1 pitch to left for his fifth homer and a 3 - 0 lead . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Bumgarner got Cesar Izturis to ground into a double play . Bumgarner cruised through the next three innings , allowing only a single , and then got a pair of groundouts to start the sixth	True
Bumgarner cruised through the next three innings , allowing only a single , and then got a pair of groundouts to start the sixth before Braun reached on an infield hit . Aramis Ramirez doubled to right field , scoring Braun and cutting the lead to 3 - 1 . Melky Cabrera hit a one - out triple off Brewers reliever Francisco Rodriguez in the seventh	True
Bumgarner cruised through the next three innings , allowing only a single , and then got a pair of groundouts to start the sixth before Braun reached on an infield hit . Aramis Ramirez doubled to right field , scoring Braun and cutting the lead to 3 - 1 . Melky Cabrera hit a one - out triple off Brewers reliever Francisco Rodriguez in the seventh , and Rodriguez walked Posey . Brett Pill hit a grounder to third	False
Melky Cabrera hit a one - out triple off Brewers reliever Francisco Rodriguez in the seventh , and Rodriguez walked Posey . Brett Pill hit a grounder to third , and Ramirez threw out Cabrera at the plate . Rodriguez then struck out Joaquin Arias to end the inning . Aoki reached in the eighth	True
DENVER -- Jamie Moyer handcuffed the Arizona Diamondbacks at the plate and in the field . The 49-year-old lefty pitched neatly into the seventh	True
In the fourth inning , he dribbled a 2 - 2 fastball in between lefty Patrick Corbin and first baseman Paul Goldschmidt , who fielded the ball and futilely lunged at the old-timer lumbering down the line . That scored Jordan Pacheco from third	False
Fowler said Moyer 's the one who should be commended . Moyer ( 2 - 3 ) also drew a walk in the sixth	True
Corbin is the second 22-year-old pitcher Moyer has faced this season . The 26-year , 243-day difference in their age marked the fourth-largest differential for starting pitchers in major league history , according to the Rockies ' pregame notes , which cited the Elias Sports Bureau . The D-backs finally got to Moyer in the seventh	True
Corbin is the second 22-year-old pitcher Moyer has faced this season . The 26-year , 243-day difference in their age marked the fourth-largest differential for starting pitchers in major league history , according to the Rockies ' pregame notes , which cited the Elias Sports Bureau . The D-backs finally got to Moyer in the seventh when John McDonald led off with a double and scored one out later on pinch hitter Cody Ransom 's double . That brought in Josh Roenicke , who threw 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief before Esmil Rogers pitched a perfect ninth	True
The D-backs finally got to Moyer in the seventh when John McDonald led off with a double and scored one out later on pinch hitter Cody Ransom 's double . That brought in Josh Roenicke , who threw 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief before Esmil Rogers pitched a perfect ninth . Fowler , who was recently dropped to eighth	True
The D-backs finally got to Moyer in the seventh when John McDonald led off with a double and scored one out later on pinch hitter Cody Ransom 's double . That brought in Josh Roenicke , who threw 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief before Esmil Rogers pitched a perfect ninth . Fowler , who was recently dropped to eighth in the batting order , went 3 for 3 with a single , double and triple but did n't get a shot at becoming the seventh Rockies hitter to hit for the cycle . He was on deck when Pacheco made the last out in the bottom of the eighth	False
Jones was hitless in six at-bats before connecting for his team-leading 12th home run -- nine of them tying the game or giving the Orioles a lead . Jones sent a 2 - 2 pitch from Nate Adcock ( 0 - 1 ) , the fifth Kansas City pitcher , far over the left field wall . Jones came to the plate in the third	True
Jones was hitless in six at-bats before connecting for his team-leading 12th home run -- nine of them tying the game or giving the Orioles a lead . Jones sent a 2 - 2 pitch from Nate Adcock ( 0 - 1 ) , the fifth Kansas City pitcher , far over the left field wall . Jones came to the plate in the third , eighth	True
Royals right-hander Felipe Paulino , who was making only his third start after beginning the season on the disabled list with a right forearm strain , held the Orioles to five hits in seven scoreless innings . He struck out nine and walked two . The Royals bullpen had a 1.04 ERA in the past seven games but relievers Jonathan Broxton and Kelvin Herrera gave up three runs on six hits in the eighth	True
The Royals bullpen had a 1.04 ERA in the past seven games but relievers Jonathan Broxton and Kelvin Herrera gave up three runs on six hits in the eighth and ninth innings . Broxton was trusted with a 3 - 1 lead in the ninth	True
Humberto Quintero 's two - out single in the fifth scored Jeff Francoeur , who led off the inning with a double , and Alcides Escobar , who was hit by a pitch . It was Quintero 's first multi-RBI game with the Royals . The Orioles cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
Hellickson ( 4 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits en route to winning a career-best sixth consecutive decision , dating to Sept. 4 . He struck out six and walked two . After Jake McGee and Joel Peralta both threw a scoreless inning , Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
After Jake McGee and Joel Peralta both threw a scoreless inning , Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Clay Buchholz ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits over five - plus innings for Boston . Buchholz , who took a grounder off his foot during the sixth	True
Clay Buchholz ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits over five - plus innings for Boston . Buchholz , who took a grounder off his foot during the sixth , had allowed four or more runs in all seven of his previous starts this season . Matt Joyce opened the sixth	True
Clay Buchholz ( 4 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits over five - plus innings for Boston . Buchholz , who took a grounder off his foot during the sixth , had allowed four or more runs in all seven of his previous starts this season . Matt Joyce opened the sixth with an infield single that went off Buchholz 's leg . He went to third	False
Red Sox right fielder Cody Ross appeared to have problems with the roof on Scott 's shallow fly . The Rays , winners of four straight , loaded the bases with two outs later in the sixth	True
The Rays , winners of four straight , loaded the bases with two outs later in the sixth , but Miller struck out Elliot Johnson on a 3 - 2 pitch . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rays , winners of four straight , loaded the bases with two outs later in the sixth , but Miller struck out Elliot Johnson on a 3 - 2 pitch . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Buchholz was called for a balk on a pickoff move to first	False
The atmosphere at Fenway Park has turned around considerably since the series opener Thursday , when the Red Sox fans booed starter Josh Beckett off the field in the third inning and never let up in an 8 - 3 loss . Dustin Pedroia extended his hitting streak to 14 with leadoff double in the seventh	True
The atmosphere at Fenway Park has turned around considerably since the series opener Thursday , when the Red Sox fans booed starter Josh Beckett off the field in the third inning and never let up in an 8 - 3 loss . Dustin Pedroia extended his hitting streak to 14 with leadoff double in the seventh , starting a six - run rally that extended the lead to 12 - 1 . David Ortiz drove in Pedroia with a single , Gonzalez followed with his second double of the game and Middlebrooks walked on a wild pitch that allowed Ortiz to score from third	False
The atmosphere at Fenway Park has turned around considerably since the series opener Thursday , when the Red Sox fans booed starter Josh Beckett off the field in the third inning and never let up in an 8 - 3 loss . Dustin Pedroia extended his hitting streak to 14 with leadoff double in the seventh , starting a six - run rally that extended the lead to 12 - 1 . David Ortiz drove in Pedroia with a single , Gonzalez followed with his second double of the game and Middlebrooks walked on a wild pitch that allowed Ortiz to score from third . Nava drove in two with a double before Dan Wheeler finally got the first	False
The atmosphere at Fenway Park has turned around considerably since the series opener Thursday , when the Red Sox fans booed starter Josh Beckett off the field in the third inning and never let up in an 8 - 3 loss . Dustin Pedroia extended his hitting streak to 14 with leadoff double in the seventh , starting a six - run rally that extended the lead to 12 - 1 . David Ortiz drove in Pedroia with a single , Gonzalez followed with his second double of the game and Middlebrooks walked on a wild pitch that allowed Ortiz to score from third . Nava drove in two with a double before Dan Wheeler finally got the first out of the inning when Cody Ross grounded out to second	False
Masterson then hit Ross with a pitch , and Saltalamacchia singled to drive in Middlebrooks and Nava . The inning finally ended when Mike Aviles -- the ninth batter -- popped out to short . Bard struggled with control in the third	True
Middlebrooks hit a line-drive homer to left , just clearing the top of the Green Monster to put the Red Sox up 5 - 1 . It was the fourth homer of the season for Middlebrooks , who was playing in just his 10th game since being called up from Triple-A Pawtucket The Red Sox have two more games in their current homestand , starting Monday against Seattle .. .. Cleveland LF Johnny Damon got applause before the top of the third	True
Hernandez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 11 hits -- two short of his career high -- and four runs in 6 2/3 innings , his second-shortest outing this season . He struck out seven and walked two , with his ERA rising from 1.89 to 2.29 . Hernandez had been 3 - 0 at new Yankee Stadium , allowing one run in 24 innings . He weakened after Derek Jeter fouled off five pitches during a 10-pitch walk in the fifth	True
Cano 's first-inning single tied the game -- the first run off Hernandez in an opening inning since July 22 at Boston . With the Yankees trailing 2 - 1 , Alex Rodriguez walked leading off the bottom of the sixth	True
Cano 's first-inning single tied the game -- the first run off Hernandez in an opening inning since July 22 at Boston . With the Yankees trailing 2 - 1 , Alex Rodriguez walked leading off the bottom of the sixth , Cano singled and Mark Teixeira hit into a force out at second	False
With the Yankees trailing 2 - 1 , Alex Rodriguez walked leading off the bottom of the sixth , Cano singled and Mark Teixeira hit into a force out at second . Nick Swisher took a called third strike , and Ibanez lined the next pitch over the auxiliary scoreboard in right-center . Andruw Jones added the first home run by a Yankees pinch hitter since Jorge Posada on Sept. 14 , 2010 , a two - run drive in the eighth	True
Alvarez pitched seven strong innings to win his third straight start for the Blue Jays , 6 - 2 over the Minnesota Twins on Thursday night behind 12 ground-ball outs . Alvarez ( 3 - 2 ) stretched his scoreless streak to 17 innings before second baseman Kelly Johnson 's throwing error allowed the Twins to score an unearned run in the third	True
Alvarez pitched seven strong innings to win his third straight start for the Blue Jays , 6 - 2 over the Minnesota Twins on Thursday night behind 12 ground-ball outs . Alvarez ( 3 - 2 ) stretched his scoreless streak to 17 innings before second baseman Kelly Johnson 's throwing error allowed the Twins to score an unearned run in the third . Josh Willingham hit a home run in the sixth	True
Yunel Escobar scored three times and hit four singles , and Edwin Encarnacion and Brett Lawrie each drove in two runs against Jason Marquis ( 2 - 2 ) , the second veteran Twins starter in two nights to complete only four innings -- following Carl Pavano 's early exit . Marquis allowed seven hits and six runs -- five earned -- while walking three and striking out two . Coming off his first career shutout last week against the Los Angeles Angels , Alvarez got the Twins to hit ground ball after ground ball just when he needed it . They hit into three double plays and almost had a fourth	True
Coming off his first career shutout last week against the Los Angeles Angels , Alvarez got the Twins to hit ground ball after ground ball just when he needed it . They hit into three double plays and almost had a fourth , but Johnson 's wild relay after the shortstop Escobar bobbled a grounder hit right at him wiped that one out . Alvarez helped himself , too , on a scorcher sent back to the mound by Doumit in the second	True
The Twins ' majors-worst record fell to 8 - 23 , and this was another wince-worthy performance . No sequence was more exemplary of a sputtering team than in the fourth inning , when Encarnacion hit a seemingly harmless two - out pop-up in front of the plate with two runners on . Catcher Ryan Doumit never saw it , as if the ball were lost in the faded beige roof the Twins used to play under at the Metrodome before they moved to the open air at Target Field . Marquis crept forward , looking like he figured Doumit would take it -- until realizing otherwise and losing track of it himself . Marquis hustled toward the ball was close to position for the catch until hesitating at the last second	False
Chris Getz and Humberto Quintero also drove in runs for the Royals , who overcame another lousy performance by their starting pitcher to pick up a confidence-boosting win . Daniel Bard ( 2 - 4 ) walked Jarrod Dyson and Alex Gordon to start the eighth	True
It was his sixth homer of the year . Kelvin Herrera and Jose Mijares ( 2 - 1 ) had kept Kansas City in the game after Danny Duffy lasted just 4 1/3 innings . Jonathan Broxton worked the ninth	True
Bard argued vehemently with plate umpire Tim Tschida , to no avail . The young right-hander really got riled up when he stepped off the rubber and tried to chase Moustakas back to second base . Bard was hit with another balk , allowing Moustakas to reach third	False
The young right-hander really got riled up when he stepped off the rubber and tried to chase Moustakas back to second base . Bard was hit with another balk , allowing Moustakas to reach third , and the mistake proved critical when Getz 's single tied the game . Quintero 's two - out base hit gave Kansas City the lead , but the plodding catcher -- with one career stolen base -- ended the inning when he was thrown out trying to swipe second	False
Duffy could have used some more support , the way he was going . Pedroia knotted the game in the fourth	True
What a way for both trends to end . The pinch-hitting Sanchez lined a one - out single over the crowded infield with the bases loaded in the 11th inning , lifting the San Francisco Giants to a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Sunday to take the three - game series . The hit came after Milwaukee rallied from its last strike in the ninth	True
The final rally did n't take long . Buster Posey singled off sidearm submariner Tim Dillard ( 0 - 1 ) leading off the final inning and pinch-runner Emmanuel Burriss moved to second	False
Indeed . Travis Ishikawa 's RBI double handed San Francisco 's Santiago Casilla his first blown save in the ninth	True
San Francisco 's banged-up bullpen finally caved before its bats -- for a change -- brought the club back . Corey Hart reached on a fielding error by the third baseman Theriot to lead off the ninth	True
Nyjer Morgan made a leaping grab on the warning track to rob Melky Cabrera of extra bases to end the 10th inning . Morgan , born in San Francisco , pointed back at fans in the bleachers and taunted the crowd running back to the dugout . Cabrera caught Lucroy 's liner in the web of his glove in left and easily doubled up Hart at first base in the 11th inning , setting the stage for Sanchez 's walkoff . Giants players scurried out of the dugout and mobbed Sanchez as he rounded first	False
About the only damper on the ending for the Giants was it ruined another gem for Matt Cain . Cain struck out 10 and scattered six hits in seven innings . Aramis Ramirez 's bloop single in the first	True
About the only damper on the ending for the Giants was it ruined another gem for Matt Cain . Cain struck out 10 and scattered six hits in seven innings . Aramis Ramirez 's bloop single in the first and sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Cain struck out 10 and scattered six hits in seven innings . Aramis Ramirez 's bloop single in the first and sacrifice fly in the sixth were the only runs Milwaukee managed off Cain . Conor Gillaspie lined an RBI double and Pagan beat out a double play at first	False
Cain struck out 10 and scattered six hits in seven innings . Aramis Ramirez 's bloop single in the first and sacrifice fly in the sixth were the only runs Milwaukee managed off Cain . Conor Gillaspie lined an RBI double and Pagan beat out a double play at first to drive in another run for the Giants in the first inning off Shaun Marcum . Pagan also doubled leading off the fourth	True
Marcum allowed three runs on five hits in six innings for a no decision . He has n't won since his first start April 9 at the Chicago Cubs . Cain , long San Francisco 's hard-luck loser because of a lack of run support , again protected the cushion -- large by his usual standards -- after getting into a jam in the seventh	True
Marcum allowed three runs on five hits in six innings for a no decision . He has n't won since his first start April 9 at the Chicago Cubs . Cain , long San Francisco 's hard-luck loser because of a lack of run support , again protected the cushion -- large by his usual standards -- after getting into a jam in the seventh . With runners on first	False
Marcum allowed three runs on five hits in six innings for a no decision . He has n't won since his first start April 9 at the Chicago Cubs . Cain , long San Francisco 's hard-luck loser because of a lack of run support , again protected the cushion -- large by his usual standards -- after getting into a jam in the seventh . With runners on first and second	False
Gomes , who spent six seasons with Tampa Bay from 2003 - 08 , hit his fifth home run of the season off reliever Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) to stop the Rays ' six - game winning streak . Gomes also made a big play on defense . He replaced Seth Smith in left field in the seventh	True
Gomes , who spent six seasons with Tampa Bay from 2003 - 08 , hit his fifth home run of the season off reliever Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) to stop the Rays ' six - game winning streak . Gomes also made a big play on defense . He replaced Seth Smith in left field in the seventh and made a diving catch to rob Carlos Pena of an extra-base hit in the 10th	True
Josh Reddick also homered for the A 's . Brian Fuentes ( 2 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings and Grant Balfour , another former Ray , got three outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Tampa Bay had a chance to win in the 11th	True
Josh Reddick also homered for the A 's . Brian Fuentes ( 2 - 0 ) worked two scoreless innings and Grant Balfour , another former Ray , got three outs for his seventh save in nine chances . Tampa Bay had a chance to win in the 11th when Sean Rodriguez reached third	False
Tampa Bay had a chance to win in the 11th when Sean Rodriguez reached third with one out after a leadoff double that dropped between three players in shallow right field . Johnson , however , struck out when he fouled off a suicide squeeze attempt with two strikes and Desmond Jennings flied out . Johnson homered in the third	True
Tampa Bay had a chance to win in the 11th when Sean Rodriguez reached third with one out after a leadoff double that dropped between three players in shallow right field . Johnson , however , struck out when he fouled off a suicide squeeze attempt with two strikes and Desmond Jennings flied out . Johnson homered in the third , Zobrist in the fourth	False
Tampa Bay had a chance to win in the 11th when Sean Rodriguez reached third with one out after a leadoff double that dropped between three players in shallow right field . Johnson , however , struck out when he fouled off a suicide squeeze attempt with two strikes and Desmond Jennings flied out . Johnson homered in the third , Zobrist in the fourth and Pena in the fifth	False
Oakland starter Bartolo Colon had held left-handed batters to a .198 average coming in , but he ended up throwing 83 pitches over five innings and giving up eight hits . Reddick hit his fifth homer in the first	True
Oakland starter Bartolo Colon had held left-handed batters to a .198 average coming in , but he ended up throwing 83 pitches over five innings and giving up eight hits . Reddick hit his fifth homer in the first and Cliff Pennington scored in the third	True
Oakland starter Bartolo Colon had held left-handed batters to a .198 average coming in , but he ended up throwing 83 pitches over five innings and giving up eight hits . Reddick hit his fifth homer in the first and Cliff Pennington scored in the third after reaching on an error by Zobrist . Kila Ka'aihue drove in Pennington with a single , and Reddick added an RBI single in the fourth	False
Reddick hit his fifth homer in the first and Cliff Pennington scored in the third after reaching on an error by Zobrist . Kila Ka'aihue drove in Pennington with a single , and Reddick added an RBI single in the fourth . Rays relievers J. P. Howell , Jake McGee , Burke Badenhop and Fernando Rodney picked up the slack for Hellickson . Brandon Gomes worked himself out of a bases-loaded jam in the 10th	True
Jeter hit a two - run homer to break open a close game , Sabathia went eight innings for the third straight time , and the Yankees beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Friday night . They snapped a three - game skid while also taking a bold first step after losing closer Mariano Rivera to injury . An encouraging night began with Rivera 's announcement that he plans to return from a torn ACL and meniscus damage in his right knee rather than retire , and it ended when David Robertson struck out the side in the ninth	True
An encouraging night began with Rivera 's announcement that he plans to return from a torn ACL and meniscus damage in his right knee rather than retire , and it ended when David Robertson struck out the side in the ninth to give Sabathia ( 4 - 0 ) his fourth straight victory . Jeter 's homer off Bruce Chen ( 0 - 4 ) was his fifth	False
Jeter 's leadoff single was his fifth hit in six at-bats in the series , and Teixeira made it hurt when he pounded a 1 - 1 pitch into the seats overlooking the Royals ' bullpen in left field . Kansas City answered in the bottom half of the first	True
The Royals could n't have known that 's all the offense they would muster . Sabathia retired 12 straight after a two - out double by Alcides Escobar in the second	True
The Royals could n't have known that 's all the offense they would muster . Sabathia retired 12 straight after a two - out double by Alcides Escobar in the second . Eric Hosmer broke up the streak with a two - out triple in the sixth	True
Francoeur grounded out to end the inning . Sabathia also left a runner on third	False
Francoeur grounded out to end the inning . Sabathia also left a runner on third in the seventh	True
Sabathia allowed seven hits and struck out five without issuing a walk . Chen matched him nearly inning-for-inning until the seventh	True
Then the big blow from Jeter , a two - run shot over the center-field wall . Robertson finished up the game in a non-save situation . Yankees manager Joe Girardi said the right-hander would likely get the first chance to save games in place of Rivera , though he did not rule out former Rays closer Rafael Soriano also pitching the ninth	True
Hinske , inserted into the lineup because Martin Prado was sick , made the most of his start . After pinch hitter Tyler Pastornicky singled to begin the 11th	True
After pinch hitter Tyler Pastornicky singled to begin the 11th , Hinske sent a 94-mph fastball from Edgmer Escalona ( 0 - 1 ) into the Rockies ' bullpen for his first homer of the season . Chad Durbin ( 2 - 0 ) worked his way out of a jam in the 10th	True
After pinch hitter Tyler Pastornicky singled to begin the 11th , Hinske sent a 94-mph fastball from Edgmer Escalona ( 0 - 1 ) into the Rockies ' bullpen for his first homer of the season . Chad Durbin ( 2 - 0 ) worked his way out of a jam in the 10th to earn the win and Craig Kimbrel survived a shaky 11th	True
The Braves ' bullpen was solid all night after starter Tim Hudson departed . All combined , they allowed just two hits and one run in five innings of work . Kris Medlen pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings before giving way to Eric O'Flaherty with two outs in the eighth	True
Kris Medlen pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings before giving way to Eric O'Flaherty with two outs in the eighth . The lefty then got a big strikeout of pinch hitter Jason Giambi , who was the hero on Wednesday when he hit a walkoff homer in an 8 - 5 win over Los Angeles . O'Flaherty also struck out Helton in the ninth	True
Kris Medlen pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings before giving way to Eric O'Flaherty with two outs in the eighth . The lefty then got a big strikeout of pinch hitter Jason Giambi , who was the hero on Wednesday when he hit a walkoff homer in an 8 - 5 win over Los Angeles . O'Flaherty also struck out Helton in the ninth to end a threat with the winning run standing on third	False
Hudson was making his second start of the season after rehabbing for most of April as he recovered from an offseason surgery to fix a herniated disk in his back . The righty struggled early , giving up five runs in the first inning , but then settled into a groove . Hudson retired 11 straight at one point before giving up a solo homer to Jonathan Herrera in the fifth	True
Hudson lasted six innings and gave up seven runs -- six earned . He was a step away from possibly earning the win , but could n't wiggle out of a sixth-inning jam . With the bases loaded and one out , Hudson got pinch hitter Tyler Colvin to roll a grounder at Dan Uggla , who started the double-play attempt . But Colvin just beat out Jack Wilson 's relay throw to first	False
Manager Joe Girardi also dismissed any notion that the 12-time All-Star could have prevented the injury , reasoning that Rivera 's pregame routine helped to make him one of the game 's stars . Danny Duffy ( 2 - 2 ) went six strong innings before turning it over to the Kansas City bullpen , which maintained a one - run lead until Jonathan Broxton came on to close the ninth	True
He allowed a leadoff single to Derek Jeter , his fourth hit of the night , and walked Curtis Granderson . Mark Teixeira followed with a liner to second base , but Chris Getz snagged it in the dirt and fired to Alcides Escobar to start a double play . Jeter advanced to third	False
Broxton earned his fifth save and Kansas City snapped a 10-game home losing streak . Moustakas homered in the second	True
Broxton earned his fifth save and Kansas City snapped a 10-game home losing streak . Moustakas homered in the second off David Phelps ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his first major league start , and added a two - run single in the fifth	True
None of that mattered much to the Yankees afterward . Bullpen coach Mike Harkey was near Rivera when he went down , and was the first	False
Kansas City came out swinging from the start against Phelps , who had appeared six times out of the bullpen before getting the starting nod for the first time . The Royals left a runner stranded on third	False
Kansas City came out swinging from the start against Phelps , who had appeared six times out of the bullpen before getting the starting nod for the first time . The Royals left a runner stranded on third in the first inning before Moustakas went deep with one out in the second	True
Phil Humber of the Chicago White Sox threw a perfect game at Seattle on April 21 . Weaver ( 4 - 0 ) , a California native who played at Long Beach State , began the ninth	True
Weaver will soon get a chance to do it again against the Twins -- his next start is scheduled for Monday at Minnesota . This was the second Angels no-hitter in less than a year -- Ervin Santana pitched one July 27 at Cleveland -- and the 10th	False
Weaver threw 121 pitches , and the cheers from the crowd of 27,288 kept growing louder . Only one Minnesota batter reached base through the first seven innings , and that was when catcher Chris Iannetta committed a passed ball on strike three to Chris Parmelee with two out in the second	True
Weaver threw 121 pitches , and the cheers from the crowd of 27,288 kept growing louder . Only one Minnesota batter reached base through the first seven innings , and that was when catcher Chris Iannetta committed a passed ball on strike three to Chris Parmelee with two out in the second . Josh Willingham drew the only walk Weaver allowed with two outs in the seventh	True
The no-hitter was the highlight for a 29-year-old pitcher who has already compiled quite a resume . Weaver finished second	False
The Nationals snapped their own five - game losing streak and ended the three - game winning streak of the Diamondbacks . Henry Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) struck out two in the top of the ninth	True
Harper singled in the second inning for his first hit at Nationals Park . Harper hit a weak grounder to the right side of the infield . Saunders raced off the mound and dove , his glove flying off his hand at the ball , and remained sprawled on the field for a few moments as Harper reached safely . After being examined and tossing a couple of warmup pitches , Saunders remained in the game and threw to first	False
Jayson Werth singled in the eighth inning after Upton dropped a foul ball , keeping Werth at the plate . That put two runners on base , but Craig Breslow entered the game and retired the next three batters , the final two by strikeout . That also delayed Harper 's fourth plate appearance to the ninth inning . When Desmond came up in the ninth	True
Even with a 7 - 0 lead after five innings , they were n't exactly comfortable at Coors Field , however . Thanks in large part to the second baseman 's play that robbed Marco Scutaro of a tying single up the middle with one out in the ninth	True
That , and tough luck . Mark Ellis was shading toward the bag while jockeying with Rosario before the pitch , and then the thick grass slowed the ball down enough for him to make the play to throw out Scutaro and keep Rosario at third	False
`` Because I know me . I know what kind of power I possess . I 've lived with me for 24 years , '' Gordon replied . `` So , I just try to do what I can to get on base and I happened to hit a home run . '' Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up a career-worst seven earned runs . After allowing Gordon 's homer and Andre Either 's three - run shot in the first	True
Chacin ( 0 - 3 ) gave up a career-worst seven earned runs . After allowing Gordon 's homer and Andre Either 's three - run shot in the first , he gave up an RBI double and a two - run homer to A. J. Ellis and left trailing 7 - 0 after 4 2/3 innings . Lilly 's only mistake was a fat fastball that Gonzalez sent into the right-field seats for a two - run homer , his fifth	False
Lilly 's only mistake was a fat fastball that Gonzalez sent into the right-field seats for a two - run homer , his fifth , in the sixth inning that made it 7 - 2 . The Rockies tagged Josh Lindblom for three runs on four hits in the seventh	True
Lilly 's only mistake was a fat fastball that Gonzalez sent into the right-field seats for a two - run homer , his fifth , in the sixth inning that made it 7 - 2 . The Rockies tagged Josh Lindblom for three runs on four hits in the seventh and Todd Helton made it 7 - 6 with a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
The two - time AL Cy Young Award winner did n't need the no-hitter he pitched against St. Louis on June 1 to demonstrate how close to his old form he is . There have been several other examples , including Saturday , when Santana scattered three hits over eight innings and sent the Los Angeles Dodgers to their seventh straight loss , 5 - 0 . In his fifth start since pitching the first no-hitter in Mets ' history , Santana ( 6 - 4 ) did not give up a hit between Dee Gordon 's leadoff single in the first inning and Scott Van Slyke 's leadoff single in the eighth	True
The two - time AL Cy Young Award winner did n't need the no-hitter he pitched against St. Louis on June 1 to demonstrate how close to his old form he is . There have been several other examples , including Saturday , when Santana scattered three hits over eight innings and sent the Los Angeles Dodgers to their seventh straight loss , 5 - 0 . In his fifth start since pitching the first no-hitter in Mets ' history , Santana ( 6 - 4 ) did not give up a hit between Dee Gordon 's leadoff single in the first inning and Scott Van Slyke 's leadoff single in the eighth . Tony Gwynn Jr. singled two batters later and both runners advanced on Adam Kennedy 's groundout . But Gordon grounded out to third	False
David Murphy 's sacrifice fly in the second inning drove in Davis with the first run after he led off with a double . The Mets used the same formula to account for their second run -- a leadoff double by Murphy and a scoring flyball by Josh Thole . Davis made it 5 - 0 in the sixth	True
Josh Hamilton , Adrian Beltre and David Murphy each drove in two runs for Texas in a game that lasted 3 hours , 54 minutes , the Rangers ' longest nine - inning game of the season . Texas tied a season high with four steals . The Rangers , who are third	False
Tyson Ross ( 2 - 8 ) was tagged for five runs and eight hits in four innings . Josh Reddick hit his 18th home run for Oakland . Norris and Cliff Pennington , the eighth- and ninth-place hitters in the A 's lineup , connected for consecutive homers in the third	True
Josh Reddick hit his 18th home run for Oakland . Norris and Cliff Pennington , the eighth- and ninth-place hitters in the A 's lineup , connected for consecutive homers in the third . The Rangers drew four walks and hit three singles during a four - run fifth	True
Leonys Martin drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Elvis Andrus . Reliever Jim Miller walked Josh Hamilton to load the bases , then walked Adrian Beltre to make it 4-all . With two outs , David Murphy hit a two - run single . In the sixth	True
Leonys Martin drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Elvis Andrus . Reliever Jim Miller walked Josh Hamilton to load the bases , then walked Adrian Beltre to make it 4-all . With two outs , David Murphy hit a two - run single . In the sixth , Andrus walked , stole second	False
In the sixth , Andrus walked , stole second and later scored on a sacrifice fly by Beltre for a 7 - 4 lead . Oakland came back in the seventh	True
Oakland came back in the seventh with an RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes and a sacrifice fly by Seth Smith . Cespedes finished with three hits and drove in two runs . Norris ' homer was his second	False
The Mets had their highest scoring total since they had 18 at Wrigley Field on Sept. 5 , 2010 . It also was the most runs the Cubs have allowed since that game . Murphy had n't homered since last July 16 but went deep in consecutive innings to notch his first career multihomer game . His first homer was a two - out , two - run shot in the fourth	True
Oswalt ( 2 - 0 ) went six innings , giving up five runs and a career-high 13 hits with two walks and six strikeouts . Closer Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Murphy led the 16-hit parade with run-scoring hits in each of the Rangers ' big scoring innings . Jhonny Peralta was 3 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fifth inning for the Tigers , who twice fought back from big deficits , including scoring four runs in the eighth	True
`` Pretty much sums it up . '' Murphy 's three - run homer in the second capped a four - run inning , a solo shot in the fourth started another four - run surge , and he had a run-scoring single in the three - run fifth	True
`` For my second start , I feel pretty close to where I want to be . '' The Rangers scored four runs on four hits and an error in the second	True
The Rangers scored four runs on four hits and an error in the second . Beltre , who led off the inning with a single , scored the first run when Detroit third baseman Miguel Cabrera threw wide to first	False
Kinsler followed with his homer that gave Oswalt a five - run lead . The Tigers chipped away at five- and six - run deficits in the fifth	True
Kinsler followed with his homer that gave Oswalt a five - run lead . The Tigers chipped away at five- and six - run deficits in the fifth and eighth	True
The Tigers chipped away at five- and six - run deficits in the fifth and eighth . Quintin Berry 's triple with no outs in the fifth scored Austin Jackson , who led off with a single . Oswalt got Cabrera to pop out softly to first	False
But Delmon Young singled and Alex Avila , who had two hits , followed with a walk to load the bases for Peralta 's two - out double that trimmed the lead to 7 - 5 . Down 11 - 5 in the eighth	True
`` This was an ugly game . You just turn the page and go on to the next stop . '' Cabrera had a run-scoring single in the third	True
Milwaukee broke out with 11 hits on Wednesday , including two doubles , a triple and two homers . The Brewers wasted a bases-loaded , none - out chance to break the game open in the seventh inning , failing to score . Milwaukee put it away with three in the ninth	True
The Brewers wasted a bases-loaded , none - out chance to break the game open in the seventh inning , failing to score . Milwaukee put it away with three in the ninth off Jose Arredondo , who walked Aramis Ramirez and Corey Hart with the bases loaded . Weeks hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Weeks ' first homer since May 26 left him 11 of 20 career off Bailey with a pair of homers . It also made it 65 consecutive games at Great American Ball Park with at least one homer , the longest such streak since an 80-game stretch at Coors Field in 2002 - 03 . Ransom hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Ransom hit a two - run homer in the fourth for a 5 - 1 lead . Since the Brewers claimed him off waivers from Arizona on May 23 , he 'd been batting only .152 with one other homer . The Brewers loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh	True
Greinke allowed five hits and a pair of runs in six innings , including Ryan Ludwick 's solo homer . Greinke is 4 - 0 in his last six starts overall , allowing a total of only eight runs . Ludwick had another solo shot in the ninth	True
Ludwick had another solo shot in the ninth off Livan Hernandez , his second multihomer game of the season . Reds Gold Glove second baseman Brandon Phillips got hit in the face by Ramirez 's arm while tagging him out on a steal attempt in the third	True
Rizzo had two hits and drove in the go-ahead run in his first game with Chicago , which rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the sliding New York Mets on Tuesday night . Rizzo doubled home Steve Clevenger with two outs in the fourth	True
Rizzo doubled home Steve Clevenger with two outs in the fourth , making it 4 - 3 and sending the Mets to their fourth straight loss -- matching a season high . Rizzo was called up earlier in the day for his highly anticipated Cubs debut . He reached on an infield single in the first	True
Rizzo doubled home Steve Clevenger with two outs in the fourth , making it 4 - 3 and sending the Mets to their fourth straight loss -- matching a season high . Rizzo was called up earlier in the day for his highly anticipated Cubs debut . He reached on an infield single in the first when his smash eluded shortstop Ruben Tejada and bounced to first	False
Rizzo doubled home Steve Clevenger with two outs in the fourth , making it 4 - 3 and sending the Mets to their fourth straight loss -- matching a season high . Rizzo was called up earlier in the day for his highly anticipated Cubs debut . He reached on an infield single in the first when his smash eluded shortstop Ruben Tejada and bounced to first in the third	True
Carlos Marmol worked around a leadoff walk and finished for his fifth save of the season . He became the fourth Cubs pitcher to record 100 career saves . Josh Thole had two hits and drove in a run for the Mets , who stranded 12 runners , leaving at least one man on base in every inning except the first	True
Josh Thole had two hits and drove in a run for the Mets , who stranded 12 runners , leaving at least one man on base in every inning except the first , and Kirk Nieuwenhuis was caught stealing in that inning . The Mets established an early two - run lead with four straight two - out singles in the second	True
The Mets established an early two - run lead with four straight two - out singles in the second . Thole and Gee each drove in a run . Chicago rallied with three runs in the third	True
Quentin hit an RBI double in the 10th inning to lift the San Diego Padres to an 8 - 7 win over the Houston Astros on Monday night . Chase Headley walked with one out and stole second	False
Quentin began the day in a 2 - for - 20 slide . But he bounced back with a 2 - for - 5 performance against Houston that included his first RBI since he hit a two - run homer during a 6 - 4 loss at Oakland on June 16 . Quentin thought Headley 's steal was important , even though he likely would have made it home from first	False
San Diego grabbed a 7 - 6 lead on Jesus Guzman 's two - run homer in the eighth inning but Jason Castro tied it with a solo shot in the bottom half . Dale Thayer ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Dale Thayer ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win and Huston Street finished for his 11th save . Brian Bixler and Carlos Lee homered in the first inning for Houston , but San Diego responded with four runs in the second	True
Quentin , Guzman , Logan Forsythe and Hundley had two hits apiece for San Diego , which finished with 11 overall . Guzman also scored twice and Denorfia extended his hitting streak to a career-long 12 games . Forsythe hit an RBI single to put the Padres up 5 - 3 in the third	True
Ross Ohlendorf , who is from Austin , allowed eight hits and five runs in 3 2/3 innings for San Diego . He is winless in his home state in nine appearances , seven starts . The Astros pushed across two runs in the fourth	True
The Astros pushed across two runs in the fourth to tie it at 5 . Chris Johnson singled in Bixler and J. D. Martinez had a bases-loaded walk on four pitches . Jed Lowrie 's RBI double put Houston up 6 - 5 in the fifth	True
The Astros pushed across two runs in the fourth to tie it at 5 . Chris Johnson singled in Bixler and J. D. Martinez had a bases-loaded walk on four pitches . Jed Lowrie 's RBI double put Houston up 6 - 5 in the fifth . But the Astros could have had so much more : They left the bases loaded in the second	True
The Astros pushed across two runs in the fourth to tie it at 5 . Chris Johnson singled in Bixler and J. D. Martinez had a bases-loaded walk on four pitches . Jed Lowrie 's RBI double put Houston up 6 - 5 in the fifth . But the Astros could have had so much more : They left the bases loaded in the second , third	True
Francisco Liriano spoiled Youkilis ' first game with Chicago , throwing a season-high seven innings to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 4 - 1 win over the White Sox . Making his first start against the rival White Sox since his no-hitter in Chicago nearly 14 months ago , Liriano ( 2 - 7 ) allowed just three singles , two walks and a double . The left-hander struck out five , winning for the first time this month while holding the White Sox without a run until Alexei Ramirez 's sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Peavy struck out seven and walked one in six innings , but he gave up a season-high 10 hits and could have allowed a lot more than the three runs the Twins scored over the first two frames . In the first inning , Denard Span hit the first	False
Peavy struck out seven and walked one in six innings , but he gave up a season-high 10 hits and could have allowed a lot more than the three runs the Twins scored over the first two frames . In the first inning , Denard Span hit the first of his two doubles and scored on a sacrifice fly by Joe Mauer , putting Minnesota in front . In the second	True
In the first inning , Denard Span hit the first of his two doubles and scored on a sacrifice fly by Joe Mauer , putting Minnesota in front . In the second , a throwing error by right fielder Alex Rios let one run score . Jamey Carroll drove in the next one with a single . Mauer had three hits , and Ben Revere topped him with his second four - hit performance in the last four games . Trevor Plouffe tacked on another run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Liriano has a 2.41 ERA with 40 strikeouts and only 20 hits and one home run allowed in 37 1 - 3 innings since returning to the rotation . Not until the seventh	True
Not until the seventh did Liriano truly find trouble , and even then he deftly escaped with minimal damage . Rios led off with a double and took third	False
Not until the seventh did Liriano truly find trouble , and even then he deftly escaped with minimal damage . Rios led off with a double and took third on a wild pitch . A. J. Pierzynski hit a hard comebacker that Liriano managed to stop with his shoe and freeze Rios while throwing to first	False
Henderson Alvarez ( 4 - 6 ) pitched five innings then left with right elbow soreness . He allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits to snap a four - game losing streak . The Blue Jays had lost his last seven starts . Casey Janssen worked the ninth	True
Boston lost for just the third time in its last 12 in a game delayed by rain for 1 hour , 56 minutes . With the score tied 5 - 5 in the sixth	True
With the score tied 5 - 5 in the sixth , Ben Francisco had a two - out double off the wall in center field over Ryan Kalish 's leap and Arencibia homered off a sign over the Green Monster seats . Bautista 's homer , his 24th , off reliever Matt Albers made it 9 - 5 in the seventh	True
With the score tied 5 - 5 in the sixth , Ben Francisco had a two - out double off the wall in center field over Ryan Kalish 's leap and Arencibia homered off a sign over the Green Monster seats . Bautista 's homer , his 24th , off reliever Matt Albers made it 9 - 5 in the seventh . The Blue Jays had a runner on first	False
After play resumed , Blue Jays first baseman Encarnacion and Bautista both made diving plays on balls . The Blue Jays took advantage of third baseman Will Middlebrooks ' fielding error to score two unearned runs in a four - run first	True
After play resumed , Blue Jays first baseman Encarnacion and Bautista both made diving plays on balls . The Blue Jays took advantage of third baseman Will Middlebrooks ' fielding error to score two unearned runs in a four - run first . Brett Lawrie opened the game with a single before Rasmus hit a homer that hooked around the right-field foul pole , his 14th	False
Rasmus ' homer hit the top of the short wall and bounced over . Boston cut it to 4 - 2 in the bottom on the inning on Ortiz 's homer that snapped an 0 - for - 11 stretch . His second homer made it 9 - 6 in the eighth	True
Boston cut it to 4 - 2 in the bottom on the inning on Ortiz 's homer that snapped an 0 - for - 11 stretch . His second homer made it 9 - 6 in the eighth . Rasmus ' RBI single made it 5 - 2 in the fifth	False
Rasmus ' RBI single made it 5 - 2 in the fifth . In the third	True
Rasmus ' RBI single made it 5 - 2 in the fifth . In the third , the Blue Jays made two errors -- one by shortstop Yunel Escobar and the other by second baseman Kelly Johnson -- which led to both runs . Johnson booted Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - out grounder , allowing Dustin Pedroia to score from third	False
In the third , the Blue Jays made two errors -- one by shortstop Yunel Escobar and the other by second baseman Kelly Johnson -- which led to both runs . Johnson booted Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - out grounder , allowing Dustin Pedroia to score from third , before Adrian Gonzalez followed with an RBI single . Kalish 's RBI single tied it in the fourth	True
Turned out to be a great decision . Miley stranded runners at second	False
Turned out to be a great decision . Miley stranded runners at second and third	False
and outpitched Matt Garza , helping the Arizona Diamondbacks complete a three - game sweep with a 5 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday . Miley ( 9 - 3 ) retired 20 of the first 21 batters he faced before giving up a homer to Alfonso Soriano in the seventh inning , then was in trouble in the eighth	True
through the left side off Manny Corpas in the eighth inning . Aaron Hill also drove in a run to extend his home hitting streak to 16 games , and closer J. J. Putz worked out of a little jam in the ninth	True
straight batters before Soriano lifted a homer just over the wall in left-center in the seventh	True
Cook filled-in for Clay Buchholz , who was placed on the 15-day disabled list Sunday with what Valentine called a `` gastrointestinal issue . '' The Red Sox jumped ahead with a four - run fourth	True
The Red Sox jumped ahead with a four - run fourth against Minor . After breezing through the first three innings allowing just a pair of singles , Minor walked the first two batters in the inning . Ross then homered into the first row of seats above the Green Monster , making it 3 - 0 . One pitch later , Gonzalez sliced a fly ball into the Monster seats to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves capitalized on Cook 's throwing error for a run during a three - run fifth	True
The Red Sox jumped ahead with a four - run fourth against Minor . After breezing through the first three innings allowing just a pair of singles , Minor walked the first two batters in the inning . Ross then homered into the first row of seats above the Green Monster , making it 3 - 0 . One pitch later , Gonzalez sliced a fly ball into the Monster seats to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves capitalized on Cook 's throwing error for a run during a three - run fifth . Eric Hinske had a two - run double into the center field triangle after Heyward and Andrelton Simmons singled . Juan Francisco then bounced back to the mound and Cook had Hinske off the bag , but threw widely past third	False
The Braves capitalized on Cook 's throwing error for a run during a three - run fifth . Eric Hinske had a two - run double into the center field triangle after Heyward and Andrelton Simmons singled . Juan Francisco then bounced back to the mound and Cook had Hinske off the bag , but threw widely past third to allow him to score to make it 4 - 3 . Cook retired the next three batters , finishing his work . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , Boston scored three unearned runs off Minor when Will Middlebrooks had a sacrifice fly and Ross followed with a two - run homer completely out of Fenway Park over the Monster , making it 7 - 3 . Simmons had a throwing error on Kelly Shoppach 's grounder to open the inning when he fired the ball into the Red Sox dugout . Heyward homered off Matt Albers in the sixth	True
St. Louis started its offensive onslaught in the third inning against Luis Mendoza ( 2 - 4 ) , when Rafael Furcal worked a two - out walk and back-to-back singles by Jon Jay and Holliday made it 1 - 0 . Mendoza eventually escaped the jam , but everything fell apart in the fifth	True
Mendoza eventually escaped the jam , but everything fell apart in the fifth . Daniel Descalso started a run of five straight singles in the fifth	True
Daniel Descalso started a run of five straight singles in the fifth for St. Louis , and RBI base hits by Jay and Holliday knocked Mendoza from the game . Kelvin Herrera came in and promptly gave up another RBI single to Carlos Beltran , staking the Cardinals to a 4 - 0 lead . Furcal added another run with a single in the sixth	True
All the offense sure took the pressure off Wainwright . The former 20-game winner spent most of the afternoon looking like the guy who finished second	False
The former 20-game winner spent most of the afternoon looking like the guy who finished second in the 2010 Cy Young voting -- before he needed season-ending Tommy John surgery last February . Wainwright erased Gordon 's bunt single in the first	True
The former 20-game winner spent most of the afternoon looking like the guy who finished second in the 2010 Cy Young voting -- before he needed season-ending Tommy John surgery last February . Wainwright erased Gordon 's bunt single in the first by inducing a double play , and then set Kansas City down in order the next two innings . He did n't allow a runner to reach second base until giving up two runs in the sixth	True
Turner kept the Tigers in the game while their offense struggled . He walked five -- one intentionally -- and struck out three . Fielder put Detroit in front with a 425-foot homer in the fourth	True
Fielder put Detroit in front with a 425-foot homer in the fourth . The slugging first baseman flipped his bat forward after making contact with his huge uppercut swing , and there was no doubt about his 11th homer of the year . The lead did n't last long . With one out and men on second	False
Fielder put Detroit in front with a 425-foot homer in the fourth . The slugging first baseman flipped his bat forward after making contact with his huge uppercut swing , and there was no doubt about his 11th homer of the year . The lead did n't last long . With one out and men on second and third	False
Fielder put Detroit in front with a 425-foot homer in the fourth . The slugging first baseman flipped his bat forward after making contact with his huge uppercut swing , and there was no doubt about his 11th homer of the year . The lead did n't last long . With one out and men on second and third in the fifth	True
The lead did n't last long . With one out and men on second and third in the fifth , Matt Holliday lifted a foul fly that Detroit right fielder Don Kelly caught while almost falling into the seats . The tying run came home on the play , but after an intentional walk to Carlos Beltran , Turner got out of the inning on a flyout by Allen Craig . Kelly appeared OK after his catch but eventually left in the eighth	True
The Tigers are without closer Jose Valverde , who has an injured right wrist . Daniel Descalso hit a leadoff double against Coke in the seventh	True
Daniel Descalso hit a leadoff double against Coke in the seventh , but the Cardinals could n't get him home . Detroit intentionally walked Beltran with first base open again in the 10th	True
Daniel Descalso hit a leadoff double against Coke in the seventh , but the Cardinals could n't get him home . Detroit intentionally walked Beltran with first base open again in the 10th , and again the move worked . Craig popped out with men on first	False
Daniel Descalso hit a leadoff double against Coke in the seventh , but the Cardinals could n't get him home . Detroit intentionally walked Beltran with first base open again in the 10th , and again the move worked . Craig popped out with men on first and second	False
PITTSBURGH -- Josh Willingham did n't know what was coming . His teammates sure did . Digging in against Pittsburgh reliever Jason Grilli with the game tied in the eighth	True
Willingham turned on a 93 mph fastball and sent it into the seats in left-center field to lift the Twins to a needed 2 - 1 victory . Willingham 's 14th home run of the season lifted the Twins to just their second victory in their past seven games . Reliever Jared Burton ( 1 - 0 ) helped Francisco Liriano avoid major trouble in the seventh	True
He has shown only flashes of brilliance in the interim and pitched so badly at the beginning of the season he spent some time in the bullpen in May before returning to the starting rotation on May 30 . Though Liriano 's stuff was n't electric against the Pirates , it was efficient . He breezed through the first five innings and did n't get a three - ball count on any batter until he intentionally walked Andrew McCutchen with two outs in the sixth	True
Though Liriano 's stuff was n't electric against the Pirates , it was efficient . He breezed through the first five innings and did n't get a three - ball count on any batter until he intentionally walked Andrew McCutchen with two outs in the sixth . Not bad for a pitcher who was averaging 5.4 walks per nine innings coming in . He 's also confident in his defense , particularly after it bailed him out in the seventh	True
The Pirates loaded the bases with one out when pinch hitter Rod Barajas sent a sinking flyball into the gap in left-center . Minnesota centerfielder Denard Span made a spectacular diving grab to turn a potentially disastrous moment into a game-tying sacrifice fly . Burton came on to get Jose Tabata to ground out to first	False
The Pirates loaded the bases with one out when pinch hitter Rod Barajas sent a sinking flyball into the gap in left-center . Minnesota centerfielder Denard Span made a spectacular diving grab to turn a potentially disastrous moment into a game-tying sacrifice fly . Burton came on to get Jose Tabata to ground out to first to end the threat . He cruised through the eighth	True
The Pirates loaded the bases with one out when pinch hitter Rod Barajas sent a sinking flyball into the gap in left-center . Minnesota centerfielder Denard Span made a spectacular diving grab to turn a potentially disastrous moment into a game-tying sacrifice fly . Burton came on to get Jose Tabata to ground out to first to end the threat . He cruised through the eighth before giving way to Perkins , who overcame a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
Peralta did not directly answer when asked if he intentionally added pine tar to the glove . Jake McGee filled in and pitched a perfect eighth	True
Maddon did n't deny there was pine tar on Peralta 's glove , but he termed it a `` common practice . '' After Peralta 's ejection , Tschida told Maddon he could request a check of one Nationals player in reponse . In the top of the ninth	True
The ejection took the spotlight from David Price ( 9 - 4 ) , who bounced back from his worst start of the season . He gave up four runs on six hits , struck out four and walked one . His last time out against the Mets , Price gave up seven runs in five innings . The only real blemish on Price 's night were a pair of home runs . Ian Desmond hit his career-best 11th	False
The ejection took the spotlight from David Price ( 9 - 4 ) , who bounced back from his worst start of the season . He gave up four runs on six hits , struck out four and walked one . His last time out against the Mets , Price gave up seven runs in five innings . The only real blemish on Price 's night were a pair of home runs . Ian Desmond hit his career-best 11th in the third	True
The ejection took the spotlight from David Price ( 9 - 4 ) , who bounced back from his worst start of the season . He gave up four runs on six hits , struck out four and walked one . His last time out against the Mets , Price gave up seven runs in five innings . The only real blemish on Price 's night were a pair of home runs . Ian Desmond hit his career-best 11th in the third and Michael Morse hit his first homer of the season -- a two - run shot in the sixth	True
The ejection took the spotlight from David Price ( 9 - 4 ) , who bounced back from his worst start of the season . He gave up four runs on six hits , struck out four and walked one . His last time out against the Mets , Price gave up seven runs in five innings . The only real blemish on Price 's night were a pair of home runs . Ian Desmond hit his career-best 11th in the third and Michael Morse hit his first homer of the season -- a two - run shot in the sixth . It was n't enough for the Nationals , who lost their fourth	False
The only real blemish on Price 's night were a pair of home runs . Ian Desmond hit his career-best 11th in the third and Michael Morse hit his first homer of the season -- a two - run shot in the sixth . It was n't enough for the Nationals , who lost their fourth in a row , one shy of their worst season-long slide . Washington starter Chien-Ming Wang ( 2 - 3 ) struggled from the start . He gave up singles to the game 's first three batters , with the third	True
Washington starter Chien-Ming Wang ( 2 - 3 ) struggled from the start . He gave up singles to the game 's first three batters , with the third by B. J. Upton scoring the Rays ' first run . The Nationals tied the game in the bottom of the inning . Morse grounded to third	False
The Nationals tied the game in the bottom of the inning . Morse grounded to third with two outs , but Carlos Pena at first base could n't handle the bounced throw from Will Rhymes and Ryan Zimmerman scored on the error . Tampa Bay broke the game open with four runs in the third	True
Tampa Bay broke the game open with four runs in the third , kicked off by Pena 's two - run homer to center . With two outs and two on Elliot Johnson nearly outdid Pena , missing a homer to the left-center gap by about a foot . Instead , he ended up with a two - run triple . Wang was pulled in the fourth inning after giving up five runs on seven hits . Reliever Ross Detwiler -- who opened the year as the Nationals ' fifth starter -- came on and retired the first nine batters he faced before hitting Pena on the elbow in the seventh	True
Volquez failed to get an out in the sixth inning as he allowed six runs and five hits with six strikeouts and four walks . Kinsler singled with one out in the third	True
He then scored on Beltre 's sacrifice fly to medium right field , easily beating the throw from Will Venable . After Hamilton singled and Beltre doubled to start the sixth	True
After Hamilton singled and Beltre doubled to start the sixth , Cruz followed with a two - run double to knock out Volquez . Beltre hit his 12th homer in the seventh	True
Beltre hit his 12th homer in the seventh off Brad Brach when he hit the foul pole in the short right-field porch . The umpires briefly reviewed the replay before ruling the ball a home run . Feldman , who drove in his first career RBI with a single in the sixth	True
Beltre hit his 12th homer in the seventh off Brad Brach when he hit the foul pole in the short right-field porch . The umpires briefly reviewed the replay before ruling the ball a home run . Feldman , who drove in his first career RBI with a single in the sixth , allowed only Nick Hundley 's run-scoring single in second	True
Beltre hit his 12th homer in the seventh off Brad Brach when he hit the foul pole in the short right-field porch . The umpires briefly reviewed the replay before ruling the ball a home run . Feldman , who drove in his first career RBI with a single in the sixth , allowed only Nick Hundley 's run-scoring single in second and an RBI groundout by Yonder Alonso in the sixth	True
Needing a double at home against the Colorado Rockies on June 5 to complete his first cycle in the majors -- he had one in college -- he could n't come through , striking out with two runners on . Hill put himself in position for another chance by hitting a single in the first inning off Hector Noesi ( 2 - 8 ) , a triple in the third	True
Needing a double at home against the Colorado Rockies on June 5 to complete his first cycle in the majors -- he had one in college -- he could n't come through , striking out with two runners on . Hill put himself in position for another chance by hitting a single in the first inning off Hector Noesi ( 2 - 8 ) , a triple in the third and a double off the Mariners starter in the fifth	True
Hill put himself in position for another chance by hitting a single in the first inning off Hector Noesi ( 2 - 8 ) , a triple in the third and a double off the Mariners starter in the fifth . This time , he finished it off in style , hitting a one - out , solo homer off Shawn Kelley in the seventh	True
Justin Upton drove in one with Arizona 's third straight opening single off Noesi in the first inning , then Jason Kubel and Paul Goldschmidt each hit sacrifice flies to put the Diamondbacks up 3 - 0 and end their scoreless streak at 21 innings . Upton added a sacrifice fly in the third inning , Miguel Montero another in the sixth	True
Noesi allowed six runs -- five earned -- on nine hits in six innings . Miley worked through traffic the first five innings , thanks to seven strikeouts , before Casper Wells drove in Seattle 's first run with a run-scoring double in the sixth	True
Miley worked through traffic the first five innings , thanks to seven strikeouts , before Casper Wells drove in Seattle 's first run with a run-scoring double in the sixth . Dustin Ackley followed with a single to left with two outs , but Kubel threw a one - hop strike to get Wells at the plate to end the inning . Miley again found trouble in the seventh	True
Miley worked through traffic the first five innings , thanks to seven strikeouts , before Casper Wells drove in Seattle 's first run with a run-scoring double in the sixth . Dustin Ackley followed with a single to left with two outs , but Kubel threw a one - hop strike to get Wells at the plate to end the inning . Miley again found trouble in the seventh , getting out of it this time with the help of a diving stop by Bell at third	False
Miley worked through traffic the first five innings , thanks to seven strikeouts , before Casper Wells drove in Seattle 's first run with a run-scoring double in the sixth . Dustin Ackley followed with a single to left with two outs , but Kubel threw a one - hop strike to get Wells at the plate to end the inning . Miley again found trouble in the seventh , getting out of it this time with the help of a diving stop by Bell at third and Montero nabbing Miguel Olivo at second	False
Sabathia beat the Braves last Tuesday , too , and improved to 22 - 8 lifetime in interleague play . The workhorse had thrown exactly seven innings in his previous five starts , and topped that . He also became the latest Yankees starter to excel -- the group is 12 - 1 in June , fueling New York 's dominant run . Mike Minor ( 3 - 5 ) took a 2 - 0 lead into the fifth	True
After another walk and foul out , Jeter came up for a club that has had trouble all season getting hits with runners in scoring position . He worked the count full , then grounded a hard single into center field that gave the Yankees a 3 - 2 lead and brought his cheering parents to their feet in a private box . David Ross singled with two outs in the Atlanta sixth	True
After another walk and foul out , Jeter came up for a club that has had trouble all season getting hits with runners in scoring position . He worked the count full , then grounded a hard single into center field that gave the Yankees a 3 - 2 lead and brought his cheering parents to their feet in a private box . David Ross singled with two outs in the Atlanta sixth and Bourn hit a grounder through the middle . Jeter made a dive , and the shortstop got a forceout at second	False
David Ross singled with two outs in the Atlanta sixth and Bourn hit a grounder through the middle . Jeter made a dive , and the shortstop got a forceout at second . Teixeira hit the Yankees ' major league-leading 100th home run in the sixth	True
David Ross singled with two outs in the Atlanta sixth and Bourn hit a grounder through the middle . Jeter made a dive , and the shortstop got a forceout at second . Teixeira hit the Yankees ' major league-leading 100th home run in the sixth . Jeter added an RBI single in the seventh	False
David Ross singled with two outs in the Atlanta sixth and Bourn hit a grounder through the middle . Jeter made a dive , and the shortstop got a forceout at second . Teixeira hit the Yankees ' major league-leading 100th home run in the sixth . Jeter added an RBI single in the seventh off Kris Medlen and Cano hit his 13th homer in the eighth	True
Royals manager Ned Yost joked his team had been `` practicing that play . '' Greene slid into every base on his ill-fated tour . He reached on a two - out infield hit for his third single of the game , stole second	False
Royals manager Ned Yost joked his team had been `` practicing that play . '' Greene slid into every base on his ill-fated tour . He reached on a two - out infield hit for his third single of the game , stole second while banging shortstop Alcides Escobar 's glove and scooted for third	False
Royals manager Ned Yost joked his team had been `` practicing that play . '' Greene slid into every base on his ill-fated tour . He reached on a two - out infield hit for his third single of the game , stole second while banging shortstop Alcides Escobar 's glove and scooted for third when the ball got away . He popped up after an off-line throw by Getz , noticed Moustakas moving away from the bag before getting to third	False
Carlos Beltran , who became the first switch hitter in major league history with 300 home runs and 300 steals , and St. Louis starter Kyle Lohse both thought Greene was safe . Both also felt it was a good case for baseball to expand its use of instant replay . The crazy finish came after Yadier Molina eased up on what he believed was an infield hit to start the St. Louis ninth	True
Carlos Beltran , who became the first switch hitter in major league history with 300 home runs and 300 steals , and St. Louis starter Kyle Lohse both thought Greene was safe . Both also felt it was a good case for baseball to expand its use of instant replay . The crazy finish came after Yadier Molina eased up on what he believed was an infield hit to start the St. Louis ninth . The catcher belatedly sped up after Escobar 's diving stop , and the shortstop made a strong throw to first	False
Vin Mazzaro worked six scoreless innings and Jeff Francoeur had two RBIs for Kansas City , which matched its longest winning streak of the season . Jarrod Dyson added two hits , a walk and an RBI . Jonathan Broxton worked the ninth	True
Mazzaro was briefly visited by a trainer in his last inning and was pulled with right calf tightness . But he did enough to earn his first interleague victory in seven decisions . He gave up four runs , three earned , in three - plus innings in a loss at Pittsburgh in his previous start . Escobar doubled with two outs in the second	True
Mazzaro was briefly visited by a trainer in his last inning and was pulled with right calf tightness . But he did enough to earn his first interleague victory in seven decisions . He gave up four runs , three earned , in three - plus innings in a loss at Pittsburgh in his previous start . Escobar doubled with two outs in the second and scored on Dyson 's infield hit , and Alex Gordon doubled leading off the third	True
Escobar doubled with two outs in the second and scored on Dyson 's infield hit , and Alex Gordon doubled leading off the third and scored on Francoeur 's single . Francoeur added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Blanton had been one of the biggest problems , getting tagged for 29 earned runs over his previous five starts . He gave up 11 homers during that stretch , but found some comfort at spacious Target Field . He allowed a solo homer to Plouffe in the second inning , but was n't hurt after that . The right-hander scattered four singles over his final seven innings , mixing his fastball and changeup effectively to keep the Twins off balance . He got a scare in the sixth	True
Diamond had emerged as Minnesota 's surprising ace since being called up from Triple-A Rochester and making his season debut on May 8 . The lefty entered the game with a 1.61 ERA and a 13-inning scoreless streak . That ended in the second	True
The switch-hitting Aybar jumped on a 1 - 1 pitch from right-hander Kenley Jansen ( 4 - 2 ) and deposited it into the pavilion seats in right-center . It was his 25th homer in 2,395 big league at-bats -- including a career-high 10 last season , which matched his total for the previous two seasons combined . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 1 ) earned his first victory with the Angels after pitching a hitless eighth	True
But he 's not a guy who 's impressed with personal numbers -- just results . Second-base umpire Sam Holbrook made a key call in the sixth	True
Second-base umpire Sam Holbrook made a key call in the sixth when he ruled that Aybar could have caught Andre Ethier 's line drive toward the middle of the diamond and instead intentionally dropped the ball with the thought of starting an inning-ending double play . First baseman Albert Pujols handled the relay throw after Aybar stepped on second	False
Second-base umpire Sam Holbrook made a key call in the sixth when he ruled that Aybar could have caught Andre Ethier 's line drive toward the middle of the diamond and instead intentionally dropped the ball with the thought of starting an inning-ending double play . First baseman Albert Pujols handled the relay throw after Aybar stepped on second for the `` force '' on Juan Rivera , and the Angels started trotting off the field . But Holbrook ordered them back to their positions and Rivera back to first	False
First baseman Albert Pujols handled the relay throw after Aybar stepped on second for the `` force '' on Juan Rivera , and the Angels started trotting off the field . But Holbrook ordered them back to their positions and Rivera back to first , prompting a brief argument from Scioscia . Wilson walked the next two batters before James Loney flied out on a cutter , keeping the score tied 1-all . The Dodgers got a run in the first	True
The Dodgers got a run in the first on a walk to Elian Herrera and a two - out double by Ethier , whose NL-leading 55 RBIs are just seven fewer than he had in 487 at-bats last season . Callaspo tied it in the second	True
Callaspo tied it in the second against Nathan Eovaldi with a drive just inside the right-field pole , his third homer this season . Eovaldi pitched more carefully to Callaspo his next time up , walking him and loading the bases with none out in the third	True
Eovaldi pitched more carefully to Callaspo his next time up , walking him and loading the bases with none out in the third after singles by Mark Trumbo and Howie Kendrick . Pitching coach Rick Honeycutt came out for a chat with the 22-year-old right-hander , who got Aybar to roll over his next pitch as Pujols threw home to start a 3 - 2 - 2 double play . John Hester struck out , stranding two runners in scoring position . The Angels had the potential tying run at second	False
Eovaldi pitched more carefully to Callaspo his next time up , walking him and loading the bases with none out in the third after singles by Mark Trumbo and Howie Kendrick . Pitching coach Rick Honeycutt came out for a chat with the 22-year-old right-hander , who got Aybar to roll over his next pitch as Pujols threw home to start a 3 - 2 - 2 double play . John Hester struck out , stranding two runners in scoring position . The Angels had the potential tying run at second in the fifth	True
Eovaldi pitched more carefully to Callaspo his next time up , walking him and loading the bases with none out in the third after singles by Mark Trumbo and Howie Kendrick . Pitching coach Rick Honeycutt came out for a chat with the 22-year-old right-hander , who got Aybar to roll over his next pitch as Pujols threw home to start a 3 - 2 - 2 double play . John Hester struck out , stranding two runners in scoring position . The Angels had the potential tying run at second in the fifth , but Eovaldi fooled Trumbo on a breaking ball for the third	False
The only real mistake Greinke made was to Alex Gordon leading off the game . He sent a pitch soaring over the right-field wall to give Kansas City the early lead . Gordon came through again when he faced Francisco Rodriguez ( 0 - 4 ) leading off the eighth	True
The only real mistake Greinke made was to Alex Gordon leading off the game . He sent a pitch soaring over the right-field wall to give Kansas City the early lead . Gordon came through again when he faced Francisco Rodriguez ( 0 - 4 ) leading off the eighth . His double put him in scoring position , and a sacrifice bunt by Chris Getz moved him to third	False
Mendoza certainly got the job done . He did n't allow a hit until Ryan Braun singled leading off the seventh	True
`` Yeah , it was exciting , '' Greinke acknowledged afterward . `` When I woke up , I was probably a little more excited than usual . '' After serving up Gordon 's sixth career leadoff homer , Greinke allowed only one hit over the next four innings , striking out the side in the fourth	True
`` Yeah , it was exciting , '' Greinke acknowledged afterward . `` When I woke up , I was probably a little more excited than usual . '' After serving up Gordon 's sixth career leadoff homer , Greinke allowed only one hit over the next four innings , striking out the side in the fourth . He did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the fifth	True
The underwhelming right-hander , who had been shuttling between the starting rotation and the bullpen most of the season , set Milwaukee down in order in the first inning . He did n't allow a runner until walking Weeks with two out in the second	True
By the time Mendoza had shut down Milwaukee in order the next two innings -- and had thrown just 64 pitches -- there were some rumblings that Mendoza could be on his way to pitching the fifth no-hitter in franchise history , and the first since Bret Saberhagen more than 20 years ago . Things got a bit shaky in the seventh	True
Kansas City nearly got out of trouble with runners on the corners when Taylor Green flied out to Gordon in left , and his pinpoint throw down the line doubled up Braun trying to score . But Weeks came through with his RBI single on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs in the inning to tie the game . Setting the stage for Butler 's go-ahead single in the eighth	True
Martin Maldonado homered to cap a four - run sixth inning for Milwaukee and Braun drove in three runs for the Brewers , who went 5 - 4 against the visiting Pirates , Cubs and Padres . San Diego has lost four of five to fall to 20 - 41 , a half-game below Chicago for the worst record in the NL . That was barely the case Sunday , as the Padres scored three times in the ninth	True
Anthony Bass ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs , five hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . Bass has allowed 19 runs in his last four starts after posting a 2.94 ERA over his first eight starts this season . He was given a 2 - 0 lead and pitched well early , striking out the side -- all looking -- in the fifth	True
Anthony Bass ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs , five hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings . Bass has allowed 19 runs in his last four starts after posting a 2.94 ERA over his first eight starts this season . He was given a 2 - 0 lead and pitched well early , striking out the side -- all looking -- in the fifth . But Milwaukee scored four times in the sixth	True
Bass has allowed 19 runs in his last four starts after posting a 2.94 ERA over his first eight starts this season . He was given a 2 - 0 lead and pitched well early , striking out the side -- all looking -- in the fifth . But Milwaukee scored four times in the sixth . Norichika Aoki reached on an infield single , stole second	False
Bass has allowed 19 runs in his last four starts after posting a 2.94 ERA over his first eight starts this season . He was given a 2 - 0 lead and pitched well early , striking out the side -- all looking -- in the fifth . But Milwaukee scored four times in the sixth . Norichika Aoki reached on an infield single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Edwin Maysonet followed with a triple to center , just over the leaping Cameron Maybin 's glove . Maybin hit the wall hard with his right shoulder and left as part of a double switch after the play . Manager Bud Black said Maybin had a sore neck but should be OK . Braun hit his 15th homer of the year in the seventh	True
San Diego scored two early runs thanks to some sloppy play by the Brewers . Will Venable led off the game with an opposite-field homer to left on the fourth pitch from Gallardo . It was his second leadoff home run this season and seventh	False
The damage was almost much worse for Gallardo . Braun robbed Headley of extra bases with a leaping catch into the out-of-town scoreboard in left , just below the yellow home-run line at the top of the wall . The Brewers gave away a run in the second	True
The damage was almost much worse for Gallardo . Braun robbed Headley of extra bases with a leaping catch into the out-of-town scoreboard in left , just below the yellow home-run line at the top of the wall . The Brewers gave away a run in the second . Alonso led off with a single and advanced to second	False
The damage was almost much worse for Gallardo . Braun robbed Headley of extra bases with a leaping catch into the out-of-town scoreboard in left , just below the yellow home-run line at the top of the wall . The Brewers gave away a run in the second . Alonso led off with a single and advanced to second on Maybin 's groundout . Baker then hit a dribbler to the mound , but the ball went under Gallardo 's glove and between his legs for an error . Everth Cabrera followed with a slow roller down the first-base line . Rather than let it go foul -- which appeared likely -- Green fielded it and had to make the play at first	False
The Braves ' six - game winning streak ended even though they led 4 - 0 after three innings . Blue Jays left-hander Ricky Romero lasted only four innings . A key to the Blue Jays ' six - run fifth	True
The Braves ' six - game winning streak ended even though they led 4 - 0 after three innings . Blue Jays left-hander Ricky Romero lasted only four innings . A key to the Blue Jays ' six - run fifth was Farrell 's decision to replace Romero with pinch-hitter Yan Gomes , whose single drove in the first run . It was the first	False
`` I 'll try to be better for the next one . '' Teheran , the Braves ' top prospect , was called up from Triple-A Gwinnett to fill in for Tim Hudson , who has bone spurs in his left ankle . Teheran allowed only one hit , Edwin Encarnacion 's broken-bat single , through four scoreless innings before wilting in the fifth	True
Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said Teheran was told this would be a one - game visit to Atlanta , no matter how he fared . Lawrie hit a two - run homer and Rasmus added a homer off Hernandez as Toronto added three runs in the sixth	True
Hernandez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs on seven hits , including two homers , in 1 2/3 innings . Hernandez has allowed nine earned runs on 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings in his last two appearances . Kelly Johnson singled to start the fifth	True
Hernandez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up five runs on seven hits , including two homers , in 1 2/3 innings . Hernandez has allowed nine earned runs on 13 hits in 4 2/3 innings in his last two appearances . Kelly Johnson singled to start the fifth . Yunel Escobar walked and , after David Cooper struck out , J. P. Arencibia singled to load the bases in the fifth	True
Hernandez quickly inspired boos from the rain-drenched fans by giving up four straight hits : a single by Lawrie to drive in a run , a two - run single by Rasmus , a run-scoring single by Jose Bautista and Encarnacion 's two - run double , giving the Blue Jays a 6 - 4 lead . The boos grew louder in the sixth	True
Hernandez quickly inspired boos from the rain-drenched fans by giving up four straight hits : a single by Lawrie to drive in a run , a two - run single by Rasmus , a run-scoring single by Jose Bautista and Encarnacion 's two - run double , giving the Blue Jays a 6 - 4 lead . The boos grew louder in the sixth when Hernandez was left on the mound to endure another barrage that included the two - run homer by Lawrie , his fifth	False
Gonzalez said he stuck with Hernandez because he thought the right-hander 's experience would enable him to recover . Rajai Davis singled in a run and pinch-hitter Omar Vizquel drove in a run with a sacrifice fly off Cristhian Martinez in the seventh	True
Gonzalez said he stuck with Hernandez because he thought the right-hander 's experience would enable him to recover . Rajai Davis singled in a run and pinch-hitter Omar Vizquel drove in a run with a sacrifice fly off Cristhian Martinez in the seventh . Johnson had triple off Martinez to drive in a run in the eighth	False
Rajai Davis singled in a run and pinch-hitter Omar Vizquel drove in a run with a sacrifice fly off Cristhian Martinez in the seventh . Johnson had triple off Martinez to drive in a run in the eighth . Chipper Jones came off the disabled list and was 0 - for - 3 with a walk . Juan Francisco replaced Jones in the seventh	True
Chipper Jones came off the disabled list and was 0 - for - 3 with a walk . Juan Francisco replaced Jones in the seventh . Dan Uggla was hit by a pitch from Romero to open the second	True
Chipper Jones came off the disabled list and was 0 - for - 3 with a walk . Juan Francisco replaced Jones in the seventh . Dan Uggla was hit by a pitch from Romero to open the second . Uggla moved to third	False
Dan Uggla was hit by a pitch from Romero to open the second . Uggla moved to third on a double by Matt Diaz and scored when Rasmus dropped the ball for an error after making the catch on Freddie Freeman 's fly ball . David Ross had a run-scoring single in the second	True
Dan Uggla was hit by a pitch from Romero to open the second . Uggla moved to third on a double by Matt Diaz and scored when Rasmus dropped the ball for an error after making the catch on Freddie Freeman 's fly ball . David Ross had a run-scoring single in the second and Freeman drove in a run with a single in the third	False
David Ross had a run-scoring single in the second and Freeman drove in a run with a single in the third for Atlanta . Freeman had three hits . Uggla had played every inning this season before he was replaced by Jack Wilson to open the eighth	True
Uggla had played every inning this season before he was replaced by Jack Wilson to open the eighth . Bautista and Rasmus made back-to-back diving catches of drives by Michael Bourn and Martin Prado in the eighth	True
Sale was sent to the bullpen for one game in May after there was concern about some arm soreness . But he had a candid and strong conversation with general manager Ken Williams and convinced the team he should return to the rotation . Sale gave the White Sox a momentary scare in the sixth	True
At age 23 , Sale is emerging as Chicago 's stopper . In his two previous outings , he pitched his first complete game against Seattle and struck out 15 against Tampa Bay . Gordon Beckham had three RBIs and Alejandro De Aza finished with four hits for the White Sox , who sent 10 batters to the plate during a five - run fifth	True
At age 23 , Sale is emerging as Chicago 's stopper . In his two previous outings , he pitched his first complete game against Seattle and struck out 15 against Tampa Bay . Gordon Beckham had three RBIs and Alejandro De Aza finished with four hits for the White Sox , who sent 10 batters to the plate during a five - run fifth that chased Houston starter Jordan Lyles ( 1 - 2 ) . Chicago finished with 17 hits -- 16 singles and Dunn 's 19th homer , a bases-loaded shot off Rhiner Cruz in the eighth	True
Gordon Beckham had three RBIs and Alejandro De Aza finished with four hits for the White Sox , who sent 10 batters to the plate during a five - run fifth that chased Houston starter Jordan Lyles ( 1 - 2 ) . Chicago finished with 17 hits -- 16 singles and Dunn 's 19th homer , a bases-loaded shot off Rhiner Cruz in the eighth for his 12th career grand slam . Alexei Ramirez reached on third baseman Matt Downs ' throwing error to start the fifth	True
Gordon Beckham had three RBIs and Alejandro De Aza finished with four hits for the White Sox , who sent 10 batters to the plate during a five - run fifth that chased Houston starter Jordan Lyles ( 1 - 2 ) . Chicago finished with 17 hits -- 16 singles and Dunn 's 19th homer , a bases-loaded shot off Rhiner Cruz in the eighth for his 12th career grand slam . Alexei Ramirez reached on third baseman Matt Downs ' throwing error to start the fifth . Jordan Danks had an infield single and Ramirez reached third	False
Eduardo Escobar worked a walk to load the bases , De Aza delivered an RBI single , and Beckham followed with a two - run single to right as Escobar made a nice slide around catcher Chris Snyder to score the third run . Dunn hit a sacrifice fly and , after a walk to Paul Konerko , Alex Rios had another RBI single to finish Lyles . Beckham added an RBI single in the sixth	True
The 21-year-old Lyles allowed seven hits and five runs , four earned , with three walks in his 4 1/3 innings . He is now 0 - 5 in 14 road games , including 12 starts . Lowrie hit his 12th homer leading off the ninth	True
On his next swing , he launched a ball into orbit . Jones hit a two - run homer in the 12th	True
Jones hit a two - run homer in the 12th , and the Baltimore Orioles won their eighth straight extra-inning game , beating the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Saturday and spoiling B. J. Rosenberg 's major league debut . Jones ended an 0 for 18 drought in the ninth	True
Jones ended an 0 for 18 drought in the ninth , then hit a drive over the outstretched glove of center fielder Shane Victorino . Chris Davis drew a leadoff walk in the 12th	False
Jim Thome , Jimmy Rollins and Hector Luna hit solo home runs for the Phillies , who have lost seven of eight . Hunter Pence added four hits for the Philadelphia . Luis Ayala ( 2 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win . Rosenberg worked a perfect 11th	True
The Phillies newcomer got off to a promising start . He struck out his first batter , Robert Andino , with a 94 mph fastball and pitched a perfect 11th inning . The 12th	True
Thome 's RBI single in the eighth made it 4-all . Orioles reliever Pedro Strop limited the damage by getting Ty Wigginton to ground into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded . Matt Wieters had put Baltimore ahead 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
In the fourth inning alone , Philadelphia committed three errors -- Rollins mishandled a grounder to shortstop , pitcher Vance Worley bounced a throw and Fontenot misplayed a line drive . Those miscues gave the Orioles two runs and a 3 - 2 lead . Davis had an RBI grounder in the third	True
Those miscues gave the Orioles two runs and a 3 - 2 lead . Davis had an RBI grounder in the third , set up when Endy Chavez singled off Fontenot 's glove . Rollins , the only Phillies starter without a hit the previous day , lined a shot over the right field wall in the third	True
Thome hit his 605th career home run on the first pitch of the fourth -- it also was his 60th in interleague play , most in the majors . He came off the disabled list earlier in the week , then got three hits and his first RBI of the season Friday night . Luna hit a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
Parker , who threw eight innings of one - hit ball against the Texas Rangers in his previous start , gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked five , two intentionally . Plate umpire Tim McClelland ejected Oakland manager Bob Melvin between the fifth	True
Plate umpire Tim McClelland ejected Oakland manager Bob Melvin between the fifth and sixth innings for arguing balls and strikes . Cahill and Parker were locked in a 1 - 1 duel when Arizona broke it open with a five - run fifth	True
Cahill and Parker were locked in a 1 - 1 duel when Arizona broke it open with a five - run fifth . With one out , Gerardo Parra and Willie Bloomquist singled to put runners at first	False
Cahill and Parker were locked in a 1 - 1 duel when Arizona broke it open with a five - run fifth . With one out , Gerardo Parra and Willie Bloomquist singled to put runners at first and third	False
The A 's intentionally walked Kubel to load the bases for Goldschmidt , who struck out on a 3 - 2 pitch . That brought up Montero , who drove a 1 - 1 pitch over the swimming pool in right field for his first slam since Aug. 16 , 2008 , at the Houston Astros . Parker 's string of 18 scoreless innings ended in the first	True
The A 's intentionally walked Kubel to load the bases for Goldschmidt , who struck out on a 3 - 2 pitch . That brought up Montero , who drove a 1 - 1 pitch over the swimming pool in right field for his first slam since Aug. 16 , 2008 , at the Houston Astros . Parker 's string of 18 scoreless innings ended in the first . Bloomquist singled and stole second	False
Parker 's string of 18 scoreless innings ended in the first . Bloomquist singled and stole second , then came home on Kubel 's two - out single . Oakland tied it in the second	True
Parker 's string of 18 scoreless innings ended in the first . Bloomquist singled and stole second , then came home on Kubel 's two - out single . Oakland tied it in the second . Brandon Moss drew a two - out walk , then scored from first	False
Oakland tied it in the second . Brandon Moss drew a two - out walk , then scored from first when Kurt Suzuki doubled down the right-field line . Cahill left after walking two batters in the eighth	True
Cahill left after walking two batters in the eighth . Brad Zeigler came on and gave up a single to Brandon Inge to load the bases . Pinch-hitter Jonny Gomes then delivered a sacrifice fly . Arizona padded the lead with RBI singles from Kubel and Goldschmidt in the eighth	True
The Pirates have won three straight and are 11 - 3 since May 25 , the best record in the major leagues in that span . Pittsburgh , which has n't had a winning season since 1992 , also moved four games over .500 at 31 - 27 . Clint Barmes drove in Pedro Alvarez with an infield hit as the Pirates scored five times in the fourth	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit a two - run homer and Eric Hosmer had two doubles for Kansas City , which has dropped three straight . Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and three hits in three - plus innings . Betancourt hit his third homer in the third inning and Mazzaro singled in Hosmer in the fourth	True
Betancourt hit his third homer in the third inning and Mazzaro singled in Hosmer in the fourth , collecting his first major league hit and giving the Royals a 3 - 0 advantage . The Pirates responded in the bottom half . Alvarez sparked the rally with a leadoff walk and advanced to second	False
Kelvin Herrera then came on to face pinch-hitter Matt Hague , who lifted a popup to right . Hosmer , normally Kansas City 's first baseman , let the ball drop in front of him but grabbed it with his bare hand and threw a strike to catcher Brayan Pena , who juggled the ball , and Tabata was ruled safe . Hosmer was playing right field to make room for Billy Butler at first	False
Stephen Strasburg struck out 13 in six innings , Bryce Harper homered and the Washington Nationals beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 4 on Friday night for the franchise 's first victory at Fenway Park . Harper admitted to being a little jittery before the game . Fenway is 100 years old this season . Harper is n't quite 20 . But he played like a veteran Friday , dusting himself off after striking out in the first inning and helping the Nationals to three - run rallies in the third	True
The Montreal Expos went 0 - 6 at Fenway before the club moved to Washington . The Nationals were 0 - 3 in Boston , but Harper and Strasburg showed why Washington is in front in the NL East . Harper hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
The Montreal Expos went 0 - 6 at Fenway before the club moved to Washington . The Nationals were 0 - 3 in Boston , but Harper and Strasburg showed why Washington is in front in the NL East . Harper hit a two - run shot in the fourth and an RBI single in the sixth	True
Strasburg ( 7 - 1 ) needed 33 pitches to get out of his final inning when he worked out of a one - out , bases-loaded jam . He finished one strikeout shy of his career high of 14 , set on June 8 , 2010 -- exactly two years ago to the day Friday -- against Pittsburgh in his major league debut . Strasburg struck out five straight and seven of eight during a stretch from the third inning to the fifth	True
Strasburg struck out five straight and seven of eight during a stretch from the third inning to the fifth . He gave up two runs and four hits while improving to 4 - 0 with a 2.74 ERA in his last four starts . Boston starter Felix Doubront ( 6 - 3 ) was even better than Strasburg early on , striking out four in the first two innings , but the Nationals got to him for three runs in the third	True
Strasburg struck out five straight and seven of eight during a stretch from the third inning to the fifth . He gave up two runs and four hits while improving to 4 - 0 with a 2.74 ERA in his last four starts . Boston starter Felix Doubront ( 6 - 3 ) was even better than Strasburg early on , striking out four in the first two innings , but the Nationals got to him for three runs in the third on three hits and a pair of walks . They added three more in the fourth	True
Doubront lasted just four innings and was charged with six runs and eight hits , five of them doubles . Adrian Gonzalez hit his 200th career homer , a solo shot off Ross Detwiler in the eighth	True
Doubront lasted just four innings and was charged with six runs and eight hits , five of them doubles . Adrian Gonzalez hit his 200th career homer , a solo shot off Ross Detwiler in the eighth , and Daniel Nava delivered an RBI double in the ninth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit his 200th career homer , a solo shot off Ross Detwiler in the eighth , and Daniel Nava delivered an RBI double in the ninth against Brad Lidge to get Boston within three . Washington then brought in Tyler Clippard , who got two outs for his sixth save in seven chances . Strasburg faltered a bit in the second	True
The early Boston lead was short-lived . After striking out in his first at-bat , Harper showed why he 's among the early leaders for rookie of the year when he hit a line drive to center in the third	True
After striking out in his first at-bat , Harper showed why he 's among the early leaders for rookie of the year when he hit a line drive to center in the third that he stretched into a double . Danny Espinosa , who was aboard after a leadoff walk , moved to third	False
Danny Espinosa , who was aboard after a leadoff walk , moved to third on Harper 's play and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Ian Desmond doubled to right-center to put Washington up 3 - 2 . Espinosa doubled in Tyler Moore in the fourth	True
Espinosa doubled in Tyler Moore in the fourth and scored on Harper 's sixth homer . Dustin Pedroia singled with one out in the sixth	True
Greinke ( 7 - 2 ) had a season-high 12 strikeouts and gave up two hits in seven innings , with two walks and a wild pitch . Brooks Conrad -- who came into Wednesday 's game batting .059 this season -- had a two - run single for the Brewers , while Ryan Braun and Cody Ransom each had RBI doubles . Norichika Aoki had a walk and three hits after being moved to the leadoff spot and Taylor Green hit a three - run homer , the first	False
Greinke got off to a somewhat shaky start , including an awkward-looking curveball early on . Soriano led off the second	True
Greinke got off to a somewhat shaky start , including an awkward-looking curveball early on . Soriano led off the second with a shot down the third-base line , which Conrad unsuccessfully tried to barehand . Soriano went to second	False
Soriano led off the second with a shot down the third-base line , which Conrad unsuccessfully tried to barehand . Soriano went to second on the play , which was ruled a double . Soriano advanced to third	False
Greinke said he thought his catcher called for a fastball , but realized in the middle of his motion that he had called for a curve . After being shut out Tuesday and managing only one hit in the first three innings Wednesday , the Brewers finally got back on the scoreboard in the fourth	True
After being shut out Tuesday and managing only one hit in the first three innings Wednesday , the Brewers finally got back on the scoreboard in the fourth . Aoki led off with a double , advanced to third	False
After being shut out Tuesday and managing only one hit in the first three innings Wednesday , the Brewers finally got back on the scoreboard in the fourth . Aoki led off with a double , advanced to third on a flyout by Carlos Gomez and scored on a double by Braun . Corey Hart then reached base on an infield hit when third baseman Ian Stewart bobbled a ball coming out of his glove , giving the Brewers runners on first	False
After being shut out Tuesday and managing only one hit in the first three innings Wednesday , the Brewers finally got back on the scoreboard in the fourth . Aoki led off with a double , advanced to third on a flyout by Carlos Gomez and scored on a double by Braun . Corey Hart then reached base on an infield hit when third baseman Ian Stewart bobbled a ball coming out of his glove , giving the Brewers runners on first and second	False
Rickie Weeks flew out , but Ransom doubled to score Braun -- then Conrad delivered a broken-bat single to score two more , giving the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . Milwaukee added another run in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks flew out , but Ransom doubled to score Braun -- then Conrad delivered a broken-bat single to score two more , giving the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . Milwaukee added another run in the fifth when Aoki doubled and took third	False
Milwaukee added another run in the fifth when Aoki doubled and took third on an error by right fielder David DeJesus . Aoki later scored on a sacrifice fly by Hart . Green tacked on his drive in the eighth	False
Mauer , who entered Saturday night 's game in an 0 for 10 skid , had three hits and three RBIs , including a two - run homer , to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 7 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians . Mauer had an RBI single in Minnesota 's four - run first inning . He also singled in the second	True
Mauer , who entered Saturday night 's game in an 0 for 10 skid , had three hits and three RBIs , including a two - run homer , to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 7 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians . Mauer had an RBI single in Minnesota 's four - run first inning . He also singled in the second and hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Mauer had an RBI single in Minnesota 's four - run first inning . He also singled in the second and hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Tony Sipp . Trevor Plouffe 's one - out homer in the sixth	True
Mauer had an RBI single in Minnesota 's four - run first inning . He also singled in the second and hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Tony Sipp . Trevor Plouffe 's one - out homer in the sixth off Josh Tomlin ( 2 - 3 ) broke a 4-all tie . Plouffe also had a two - run single in the first	True
Trevor Plouffe 's one - out homer in the sixth off Josh Tomlin ( 2 - 3 ) broke a 4-all tie . Plouffe also had a two - run single in the first . Brian Duensing ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings as the Twins won for the fourth time in five games . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
Gardenhire had plenty to smile about one night after the Twins were defeated 7 - 1 in the series opener Friday . Minnesota sent nine men to the plate in the first	True
Twins starter P. J. Walters could n't hold the lead and did n't get through the fifth inning . The right-hander allowed four runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Indians scored in the first	True
Twins starter P. J. Walters could n't hold the lead and did n't get through the fifth inning . The right-hander allowed four runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Indians scored in the first on Michael Brantley 's fielder 's choice with the bases loaded and again in the third	True
Twins starter P. J. Walters could n't hold the lead and did n't get through the fifth inning . The right-hander allowed four runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Indians scored in the first on Michael Brantley 's fielder 's choice with the bases loaded and again in the third on Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI single . Lou Marson 's RBI groundout cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth	True
Twins starter P. J. Walters could n't hold the lead and did n't get through the fifth inning . The right-hander allowed four runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Indians scored in the first on Michael Brantley 's fielder 's choice with the bases loaded and again in the third on Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI single . Lou Marson 's RBI groundout cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth . Brantley tied the game with an RBI single in the fifth	True
Nyjer Morgan hit a solo home run in the first inning for Milwaukee , snapping his Major League record of 138 straight plate appearances without an RBI to start the season . But Morgan 's misplayed ball in the outfield played a critical role in the Pirates ' big inning . Corey Hart hit a solo home run , his 11th	False
Wolf ( 2 - 5 ) went six innings , giving up the six runs and eight hits , with four walks and five strikeouts . Morgan homered off Correia in the first	True
Morgan homered off Correia in the first , giving Milwaukee a 1 - 0 lead and snapping his RBI drought . The previous record was 125 , by Herb Adams of the Chicago White Sox in 1950 . Wolf gave up back-to-back triples to start the third	True
Wolf finally got Harrison to fly out to end the inning . Hart homered in the sixth	True
Hart homered in the sixth , cutting the lead to 6 - 2 . Braun 's nagging Achilles injury was tested in the sixth	True
Hart homered in the sixth , cutting the lead to 6 - 2 . Braun 's nagging Achilles injury was tested in the sixth , when he legged out an infield hit and stole second base , sending him limping back to the dugout during a pitching change . But Braun stayed in the game until the top of the eighth	True
Braun 's nagging Achilles injury was tested in the sixth , when he legged out an infield hit and stole second base , sending him limping back to the dugout during a pitching change . But Braun stayed in the game until the top of the eighth , when he was replaced . McCutchen 's two - run double gave the Pirates an 8 - 2 lead in the eighth	True
Chris Getz had two hits and drove in two runs , while Gordon contributed two doubles and leads the league with 36 two - base hits . The Royals scored all their runs in the first three innings . Luke Hochevar settled down after giving up three runs over the second	True
Chris Getz had two hits and drove in two runs , while Gordon contributed two doubles and leads the league with 36 two - base hits . The Royals scored all their runs in the first three innings . Luke Hochevar settled down after giving up three runs over the second and third innings . One run scored on Johnny Damon 's infield single in the second	True
In the third inning , Asdrubal Cabrera scored on Hochevar 's wild pitch . Hochevar ( 7 - 9 ) gave up three runs on seven hits and three walks , while striking out six . The Royals broke open the game with a five - run third	True
In the third inning , Asdrubal Cabrera scored on Hochevar 's wild pitch . Hochevar ( 7 - 9 ) gave up three runs on seven hits and three walks , while striking out six . The Royals broke open the game with a five - run third , which was highlighted by Getz 's two - run double and Escobar 's RBI triple . The five - run third	True
The Royals broke open the game with a five - run third , which was highlighted by Getz 's two - run double and Escobar 's RBI triple . The five - run third was one shy of the club 's biggest inning this season . Indians starter Derek Lowe failed to finish the third	True
In his past three starts , Lowe is 0 - 3 with a 15.88 ERA , allowing 20 earned runs and 23 hits in 11 1/3 innings . Since starting the season 6 - 1 with a 2.05 ERA on May 15 , Lowe is 2 - 9 and his ERA has climbed to 5.52 . Lorenzo Cain , who also had two hits , had a run-producing single in the first	True
NEW YORK -- Chris Davis could only watch , helpless , as the New York Yankees teed off on Orioles starter Chris Tillman for five runs in the first inning . In the top of the second	True
Tillman said that on Monday , he thought he would be too sick to pitch , but he started a course of antibiotics and felt better on Tuesday morning . Orioles manager Buck Showalter said he was close to bringing in a reliever for Tillman . But once he made it out of the first	True
Nova ( 10 - 5 ) struck out five , allowed 10 hits and lost in consecutive starts for the first time in his career . He has one win in his last seven starts , and the Yankees are 14 - 7 in his games . The Yankees teed off on Tillman in the first	True
Nova ( 10 - 5 ) struck out five , allowed 10 hits and lost in consecutive starts for the first time in his career . He has one win in his last seven starts , and the Yankees are 14 - 7 in his games . The Yankees teed off on Tillman in the first . He did n't get an out until he fielded Nick Swisher 's groundball and threw to second	False
Nova ( 10 - 5 ) struck out five , allowed 10 hits and lost in consecutive starts for the first time in his career . He has one win in his last seven starts , and the Yankees are 14 - 7 in his games . The Yankees teed off on Tillman in the first . He did n't get an out until he fielded Nick Swisher 's groundball and threw to second for a force , after allowing an RBI single by Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano 's two - run homer . He later committed an error on Ichiro Suzuki 's RBI grounder that made it 4 - 0 . Russell Martin added a run with a single before he got caught in a rundown between first	False
Nova ( 10 - 5 ) struck out five , allowed 10 hits and lost in consecutive starts for the first time in his career . He has one win in his last seven starts , and the Yankees are 14 - 7 in his games . The Yankees teed off on Tillman in the first . He did n't get an out until he fielded Nick Swisher 's groundball and threw to second for a force , after allowing an RBI single by Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano 's two - run homer . He later committed an error on Ichiro Suzuki 's RBI grounder that made it 4 - 0 . Russell Martin added a run with a single before he got caught in a rundown between first and second	False
By the time Tillman made it back out to the mound , he had a two - run lead thanks to Davis ' homer , Mark Reynolds ' double and Omar Quintanilla 's two - run single -- all the runs coming with two outs . He settled down to pitch four shutout innings to hang onto the lead and win his third straight decision . Wilson Betemit helped out by tacking on an RBI double in the third	True
By the time Tillman made it back out to the mound , he had a two - run lead thanks to Davis ' homer , Mark Reynolds ' double and Omar Quintanilla 's two - run single -- all the runs coming with two outs . He settled down to pitch four shutout innings to hang onto the lead and win his third straight decision . Wilson Betemit helped out by tacking on an RBI double in the third and a single in the fifth	False
The 2009 AL Cy Young Award winner is scheduled to start Sunday for the Angels . Jeff Keppinger had three hits in three at-bats against Haren , including a home run in the second	True
The 2009 AL Cy Young Award winner is scheduled to start Sunday for the Angels . Jeff Keppinger had three hits in three at-bats against Haren , including a home run in the second and a leadoff double in the seventh	True
Tampa Bay got four other runners as far as second base , but came up empty each time and finished 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Rays are batting .183 in those situations since the All-Star break . Albert Pujols had three hits , including a two - run double , to help the Angels snap a six - game losing streak against the Rays . Scott Downs pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tampa Bay got four other runners as far as second base , but came up empty each time and finished 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Rays are batting .183 in those situations since the All-Star break . Albert Pujols had three hits , including a two - run double , to help the Angels snap a six - game losing streak against the Rays . Scott Downs pitched a scoreless eighth and Ernesto Frieri worked a perfect ninth	True
Alex Cobb ( 4 - 8 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in seven innings without walking a batter . The 24-year-old right-hander , returning to the site of his first major league victory last June , left his previous start last Saturday against Seattle after two innings because of a bruised right leg . He is 1 - 5 with a 6.25 ERA in six starts since pitching two - hit ball over seven innings in a 3 - 0 victory against the Marlins on June 17 . The Angels had runners at the corners in the first	True
The Angels had runners at the corners in the first when pitching coach Jim Hickey went out to talk with Cobb after just 17 pitches and a 1 - 0 count on Mark Trumbo -- who then grounded into an inning-ending double play . The Angels scored all their runs and grabbed a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Angels scored all their runs and grabbed a 3 - 1 lead in the third with four consecutive two - out hits , including Pujols ' two - run double off the glove of a diving Sam Fuld in left field and an RBI single by Trumbo . AL batting leader Mike Trout started the rally with a single before Torii Hunter reached on a perfectly placed bunt single between third base and the mound . Keppinger opened the scoring in the second	True
Keppinger opened the scoring in the second with his fourth homer , marking the seventh straight start in which Haren has given up a home run . It was the 18th allowed by the three - time All-Star in his 19 starts , just two fewer than he served up in 34 starts last year . Downs retired pinch-hitter Brooks Conrad with two on in the eighth	True
It was the third time in the last four games that Houston has lost after entering the ninth inning with a lead . Tony Watson ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
It was the third time in the last four games that Houston has lost after entering the ninth inning with a lead . Tony Watson ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Joel Hanrahan did the same in the ninth	True
Tony Watson ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Joel Hanrahan did the same in the ninth for his major league-leading 31st save . Alex Presley hit a solo home run for Pittsburgh in the fourth	True
Tony Watson ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Joel Hanrahan did the same in the ninth for his major league-leading 31st save . Alex Presley hit a solo home run for Pittsburgh in the fourth and Michael McKenry , who finished with three hits , connected on a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Johnson finished a single short of the cycle and Ben Francisco had a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Astros . The game was tied at 4-all when Johnson tripled on a ball that rolled up the corner of Tal 's Hill in center field with no outs in the seventh	True
The game was tied at 4-all when Johnson tripled on a ball that rolled up the corner of Tal 's Hill in center field with no outs in the seventh . J. D. Martinez 's one - out grounder to left field sent Johnson home to put Houston on top . Johnson doubled in the first inning and had a solo homer in the third	True
The game was tied at 4-all when Johnson tripled on a ball that rolled up the corner of Tal 's Hill in center field with no outs in the seventh . J. D. Martinez 's one - out grounder to left field sent Johnson home to put Houston on top . Johnson doubled in the first inning and had a solo homer in the third before his seventh-inning triple . Johnson walked in the fifth inning , but struck out in his last at-bat in the eighth	False
Houston starter Jordan Lyles allowed seven hits and four runs while tying a career-high with eight strikeouts in six - plus innings . McKenry doubled to start the seventh inning and chase Lyles . McKenry advanced to third	False
McKenry doubled to start the seventh inning and chase Lyles . McKenry advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt before tying it at 4 - 4 on a sacrifice fly by pinch hitter Josh Harrison . Pedro Alvarez singled to start the fifth	True
The Astros had a chance to add to their lead when Karstens loaded the bases with three walks in the fifth inning , but he retired Francisco to escape the jam . Astros reliever Wesley Wright had a busy eighth inning . He got the first	False
Ramirez 's 15th home run of the season extended a stellar start to his Los Angeles career . The infielder slugger had three hits in the first two games with his new club and is batting .364 since the trade from the Marlins . Ramirez also made a potential run-saving play in the field when he dove into foul territory to catch a throw from rookie pitcher Stephen Fife for a forceout following Matt Cain 's attempted sacrifice bunt in the fourth	True
Even with their offense sputtering , the Giants did n't go quietly . Kenley Jansen gave up back-to-back singles to Melky Cabrera and Buster Posey to open the bottom of the 10th	True
Los Angeles needed this one after getting shut out in three consecutive games here earlier this season . The Dodgers got a stellar outing from rookie starter Fife and just enough from the bullpen until Ramirez 's heroics in the 10th	True
The Dodgers got a stellar outing from rookie starter Fife and just enough from the bullpen until Ramirez 's heroics in the 10th . Fife was called up from the minors before the game to make his second career start and pitched into the seventh inning . He also helped end the Dodgers ' 38-inning scoreless streak at AT & T Park when he doubled off Cain in the fifth	True
Before that the Dodgers had not scored at the Giants ' waterfront ballpark since Sept. 11 , 2011 , including a series sweep earlier this season . Los Angeles got to Cain again in the sixth	True
Los Angeles got to Cain again in the sixth when Ethier hit a leadoff double and scored on Loney 's single . Cain allowed three runs and nine hits over seven innings . The All-Star right-hander , who struck out two and did n't walk anyone , has only one win over his last six starts and was on the hook for the loss until San Francisco scored twice in the eighth	True
Cain allowed three runs and nine hits over seven innings . The All-Star right-hander , who struck out two and did n't walk anyone , has only one win over his last six starts and was on the hook for the loss until San Francisco scored twice in the eighth . Cabrera singled and went to third	False
Pagan had the defensive play of the game , making a sensational catch and turning it into a double play that ended the eighth inning . Instead , he gloved Carlos Quentin 's long drive and had the presence to quickly jump up and throw toward first	False
He was not going to get an argument from Padres manager Bud Black . Brandon Belt walked to open the ninth	True
Brandon Belt walked to open the ninth and Pagan singled . Both runners moved up on a wild pitch ahead of Crawford 's single against Joe Thatcher ( 0 - 4 ) . Santiago Casilla ( 4 - 4 ) pitched the ninth	True
Bumgarner is 1 - 2 with a 4.15 ERA in four starts since his first career shutout and complete game . The Giants scored twice in the first inning before Volquez shut them down . Nate Schierholtz doubled and went to third	False
Volquez did not give up another hit the rest of the way . The Padres tied the game in the third	True
The right-hander , supported by three double plays , pitched 7 1/3 strong innings to help the Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Monday night and avoid a four - game sweep . Masterson ( 7 - 8 ) struck out six and gave up one run as Cleveland snapped a four - game losing streak . Chris Perez pitched the ninth	True
The Orioles twice made poor baseruning decisions as they had a five - game winning streak stopped . Baltimore scored with two outs in the fifth	True
Quintanilla made his first start as manager Buck Showalter gave shortstop J. J. Hardy a rest . Hardy had a cortisone shot in his sore right shoulder before the All-Star break . Baltimore ran amok in the second	True
Quintanilla made his first start as manager Buck Showalter gave shortstop J. J. Hardy a rest . Hardy had a cortisone shot in his sore right shoulder before the All-Star break . Baltimore ran amok in the second and eighth	True
Baltimore ran amok in the second and eighth . Adam Jones doubled to open the second	True
Baltimore ran amok in the second and eighth . Adam Jones doubled to open the second . After Matt Wieters struck out , Jones strayed off second	False
Adam Jones doubled to open the second . After Matt Wieters struck out , Jones strayed off second on a ball hit back to Masterson by Wilson Betemit and was caught in a rundown . The Indians threw the ball around like a hot potato , but eventually got Jones . It was scored 1 - 5 - 5 - 5 - 4 - 4 . Not your everyday fielder 's choice . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Nick Markakis hit a one - out single off Masterson . Acta brought in hard-throwing Vinnie Pestano , but Endy Chavez lined a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field corner for a double . Markakis hustled around third	False
Markakis hustled around third as left fielder Aaron Cunningham got the ball and threw to shortstop Cabrera . Markakis appeared determined to score when third-base coach DeMarlo Hale suddenly gave a hand signal to stop . Markakis did -- halfway between third	False
Markakis did -- halfway between third and home . By then , catcher Carlos Santana had Cabrera 's relay throw in his mitt . He tossed to third baseman Jack Hannahan , who applied the tag to Markakis , who hung his head as he trotted to the Orioles ' dugout . Chavez reached third	False
Jason Kubel homered for the sixth time in five games and Chris Young added a three - run shot . Kubel , coming off a three - homer game Saturday night , led off the second inning with his 21st of the season . Young 's homer highlighted a season-high seven - run sixth	True
Kubel also singled and tripled . Gerardo Parra singled in two runs for the Diamondbacks , whose 12 hits gave them 40 for the series . Jordan Lyles ( 2 - 7 ) took the loss , allowing eight runs , five earned , and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . He nursed a 2 - 1 lead going into the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks were n't finished . Singles by Lyle Overbay and pinch-hitter Ryan Roberts put runners at first	False
The Diamondbacks were n't finished . Singles by Lyle Overbay and pinch-hitter Ryan Roberts put runners at first and second	False
Singles by Lyle Overbay and pinch-hitter Ryan Roberts put runners at first and second . Both advanced on a passed ball and scored on Parra 's single to make it 8 - 2 . Maxwell lined a 1 - 1 pitch off the top of the porch in left-center for his ninth home run to put Houston up 1 - 0 in the second	True
Maxwell lined a 1 - 1 pitch off the top of the porch in left-center for his ninth home run to put Houston up 1 - 0 in the second . Kubel 's homer just inside the right-field foul pole in the Arizona second tied it . Consecutive doubles by Altuve and Gonzalez to start the sixth gave Houston a short-lived 2 - 1 lead . Gonzalez took third	False
Pinch-hitter Matt Treanor hit a two - run single in the 12th inning that lifted the Los Angeles Dodgers to an 8 - 3 victory over the stumbling New York Mets for a three - game sweep . Wall ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a one - out single to David Wright , who was caught trying to steal second	False
Called up on July 14 when Javy Guerra was placed on the bereavement list , Wall could be optioned back to Triple-A Albuquerque on Monday when Chad Billingsley is activated from the disabled list to start against St. Louis . The Dodgers blew a 3 - 1 lead after the sixth	True
The Dodgers blew a 3 - 1 lead after the sixth but still won their fourth straight after losing seven of eight and dropping out of first place in the NL West . An overworked Mets bullpen held the Dodgers to one hit for four innings until Los Angeles broke it open in the 12th	True
Help may be on its way . After the game , the Mets said top prospect Matt Harvey will be called up to make his first big league start Thursday . New York had been reluctant to rush the 2010 first-round draft pick to the majors . James Loney led off the 12th	True
Help may be on its way . After the game , the Mets said top prospect Matt Harvey will be called up to make his first big league start Thursday . New York had been reluctant to rush the 2010 first-round draft pick to the majors . James Loney led off the 12th off with a single against Ramon Ramirez ( 2 - 2 ) . A defensive replacement in the eighth	True
Help may be on its way . After the game , the Mets said top prospect Matt Harvey will be called up to make his first big league start Thursday . New York had been reluctant to rush the 2010 first-round draft pick to the majors . James Loney led off the 12th off with a single against Ramon Ramirez ( 2 - 2 ) . A defensive replacement in the eighth , Tony Gwynn Jr. bunted for a base hit , just beating the throw to first	False
James Loney led off the 12th off with a single against Ramon Ramirez ( 2 - 2 ) . A defensive replacement in the eighth , Tony Gwynn Jr. bunted for a base hit , just beating the throw to first . New York manager Terry Collins argued to no avail . Mark Ellis popped up a bunt for the first	False
James Loney led off the 12th off with a single against Ramon Ramirez ( 2 - 2 ) . A defensive replacement in the eighth , Tony Gwynn Jr. bunted for a base hit , just beating the throw to first . New York manager Terry Collins argued to no avail . Mark Ellis popped up a bunt for the first out and Matt Kemp grounded into a fielder 's choice that put runners on first	False
James Loney led off the 12th off with a single against Ramon Ramirez ( 2 - 2 ) . A defensive replacement in the eighth , Tony Gwynn Jr. bunted for a base hit , just beating the throw to first . New York manager Terry Collins argued to no avail . Mark Ellis popped up a bunt for the first out and Matt Kemp grounded into a fielder 's choice that put runners on first and third	False
With two strikes , Treanor lined a single to center that scored two runs . Luis Cruz followed Treanor with an RBI single and Adam Kennedy , who entered as a pinch-hitter in the 11th	True
Dodgers starter Nate Eovaldi was pulled after 4 1/3 innings . He left leading 2 - 1 , and Ethier 's RBI single in the sixth made it 3 - 1 . Shawn Tolleson gave up an RBI single to Daniel Murphy in the seventh	True
Dodgers starter Nate Eovaldi was pulled after 4 1/3 innings . He left leading 2 - 1 , and Ethier 's RBI single in the sixth made it 3 - 1 . Shawn Tolleson gave up an RBI single to Daniel Murphy in the seventh and Guerra allowed Davis ' run-scoring groundout with one out in the ninth	True
Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen had saved the first two games of the series and was not available . Guerra worked out of a jam in the 10th	True
Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen had saved the first two games of the series and was not available . Guerra worked out of a jam in the 10th , making a nice play on a sacrifice attempt to throw out the lead runner at third	False
Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen had saved the first two games of the series and was not available . Guerra worked out of a jam in the 10th , making a nice play on a sacrifice attempt to throw out the lead runner at third for the first	False
Jonathon Niese became the first Mets starter in this series to go more than three innings . He lasted seven - plus and gave up a two - run homer to Juan Rivera in the fourth inning . Eovaldi matched a career high with seven strikeouts but he threw 96 pitches and was removed with runners on first	False
Jonathon Niese became the first Mets starter in this series to go more than three innings . He lasted seven - plus and gave up a two - run homer to Juan Rivera in the fourth inning . Eovaldi matched a career high with seven strikeouts but he threw 96 pitches and was removed with runners on first and third	False
Jonathon Niese became the first Mets starter in this series to go more than three innings . He lasted seven - plus and gave up a two - run homer to Juan Rivera in the fourth inning . Eovaldi matched a career high with seven strikeouts but he threw 96 pitches and was removed with runners on first and third and one out in the fifth	True
Murphy finished 9 for 11 in the series . Elbert gave up a one - out single in the sixth	True
Elbert gave up a one - out single in the sixth and walked Niese with two outs before being replaced by Tolleson . Tejada hit a fly to left to end the threat . Elbert has given up just one run in his last 13 appearances . Davis and Murphy combined in the seventh	True
Davis and Murphy combined in the seventh for the Mets ' second run . Davis led off with a double and Murphy had one of his four hits . Rivera hit a drive to left-center with one out in the fourth	True
The weekend was near perfect for the World Series champions , who were 1 - 5 and totaled 15 runs in their first trip after the All-Star break . Jon Jay and Tony Cruz hit consecutive two - run doubles off Travis Wood ( 4 - 5 ) in the first	True
Attendance of 42,411 just missed a third straight sellout , with some fans perhaps scared off by forecasts of triple-digit temperatures . It was 94 degrees at game time . Holliday also doubled in the first	True
Attendance of 42,411 just missed a third straight sellout , with some fans perhaps scared off by forecasts of triple-digit temperatures . It was 94 degrees at game time . Holliday also doubled in the first , giving St. Louis a two - game total of 12 one day after tying the decades-old major league record with seven . The Cardinals also tied the franchise record with a 12-run seventh	True
Holliday also doubled in the first , giving St. Louis a two - game total of 12 one day after tying the decades-old major league record with seven . The Cardinals also tied the franchise record with a 12-run seventh against four Cubs relievers in that game Saturday . Jay added three singles for his first career four - hit game , with everything to the opposite field including a dribbler down the third-base line that he legged out in the seventh	True
Holliday also doubled in the first , giving St. Louis a two - game total of 12 one day after tying the decades-old major league record with seven . The Cardinals also tied the franchise record with a 12-run seventh against four Cubs relievers in that game Saturday . Jay added three singles for his first career four - hit game , with everything to the opposite field including a dribbler down the third-base line that he legged out in the seventh , plus a nice running catch at the warning track in center field to deny pinch hitter Joe Mather 's bid for extra bases in the seventh	True
Lynn 's lone problem , inattentiveness to baserunners , did n't hurt him . David DeJesus , who 's just 3 for 8 on steals , and Bryan LaHair , 2 for 3 , stole second standing up to start the first two innings , but stayed there . Wood almost got out of the first without damage when Allen Craig stumbled rounding third	False
`` It just was n't our series at all . '' The Cubs paid homage to Hall of Famer Ron Santo before taking the field in the bottom of the first	True
Milwaukee manager Ron Roenicke was chagrined about being swept in a series the fourth-place Brewers considered to be crucial for staying in the race . Cueto ( 12 - 5 ) overcame a 30-pitch first inning , which ended with Milwaukee leaving the bases loaded , to complete seven while throwing 117 pitches . He gave up eight hits and one run with one walk . He tied his season high with nine strikeouts and capped his day by getting NL home run-leader Ryan Braun to fly out to center field with two outs and the potential tying run on third	False
Cueto ( 12 - 5 ) overcame a 30-pitch first inning , which ended with Milwaukee leaving the bases loaded , to complete seven while throwing 117 pitches . He gave up eight hits and one run with one walk . He tied his season high with nine strikeouts and capped his day by getting NL home run-leader Ryan Braun to fly out to center field with two outs and the potential tying run on third in the seventh inning . Logan Ondrusek pitched the eighth inning . Aroldis Chapman allowed a two - out walk to pinch-hitter Carlos Gomez , who stole second	False
Neither team hit a home run , snapping the streak of consecutive games in which at least one homer was hit at Great American Ball Park at 74 . It was the longest active streak in the majors . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Norichika Aoki 's leadoff double and , after strikeouts by Nyjer Morgan and Braun , a run-scoring opposite-field single to right-center by Aramis Ramirez . The Reds capitalized on pitcher Mike Fiers ' throwing error to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . Chris Heisey singled with one out , stole second	False
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Norichika Aoki 's leadoff double and , after strikeouts by Nyjer Morgan and Braun , a run-scoring opposite-field single to right-center by Aramis Ramirez . The Reds capitalized on pitcher Mike Fiers ' throwing error to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . Chris Heisey singled with one out , stole second , and scored on Wilson Valdez 's single to right-center field . Valdez went around to third	False
The Reds capitalized on pitcher Mike Fiers ' throwing error to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . Chris Heisey singled with one out , stole second , and scored on Wilson Valdez 's single to right-center field . Valdez went around to third on Fiers ' errant pickoff attempt and scored on Brandon Phillips ' sacrifice fly to center . Valdez was going to third	False
In a home park that loves a left-handed hitter , Kubel came out swinging when he came from Minnesota as a free agent and has emerged as one of the most effective sluggers in the National League . Kubel hit a two - run home run in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
In a home park that loves a left-handed hitter , Kubel came out swinging when he came from Minnesota as a free agent and has emerged as one of the most effective sluggers in the National League . Kubel hit a two - run home run in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fourth off starter Dallas Keuchel ( 1 - 2 ) . He added a solo homer off reliever Enerio Del Rosario in the sixth	True
Kubel , signed as a free agent in the offseason , is one of six players to hit three home runs in a game this season . That includes Josh Hamilton , who hit four . Kubel has 20 home runs , including a two - homer game Thursday in Cincinnati . Willie Bloomquist went 3 for 4 with three RBIs for the Diamondbacks . Aaron Hill singled in the fifth	True
Keuchel , called up from Triple-A Oklahoma City for the start after J. A. Happ was sent to Toronto on Thursday in a 10-player trade , allowed seven runs and seven hits and walked four in 3 1/3 innings . Kubel gave Miley a quick lead in the first	True
Kubel gave Miley a quick lead in the first . Hill walked with one out , then the Arizona slugger hit Keuchel 's 2 - 2 pitch just over the fence in left field , a two - run opposite-field shot , The Astros cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Astros cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth . Justin Maxwell led off with a ground-rule double and J. D. Martinez walked . Miley got Ben Francisco to pop out , then fanned Matt Downs , but Chris Johnson 's single brought Maxwell home . Chris Snyder walked to load the bases before Keuchel grounded out to end the inning . Kubel 's first-pitch homer highlighted Arizona 's five - run fourth inning that made it 7 - 1 . Arizona added two in the fifth	False
The Astros cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth . Justin Maxwell led off with a ground-rule double and J. D. Martinez walked . Miley got Ben Francisco to pop out , then fanned Matt Downs , but Chris Johnson 's single brought Maxwell home . Chris Snyder walked to load the bases before Keuchel grounded out to end the inning . Kubel 's first-pitch homer highlighted Arizona 's five - run fourth inning that made it 7 - 1 . Arizona added two in the fifth on Bloomquist 's single that brought home Chris Young and Ryan Roberts , both of whom had walked . Kubel hit a 2 - 2 pitch over the fence in left-center leading off the sixth	True
Cain drove in three runs , Alex Gordon had three hits and scored twice , and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 3 on Saturday night . Cain delivered run-producing singles in the first	True
Cain drove in three runs , Alex Gordon had three hits and scored twice , and the Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 3 on Saturday night . Cain delivered run-producing singles in the first and fifth innings and he had an RBI double in the seventh	True
Gordon started the first inning with a single and scored on Cain 's two - out single . Mike Moustakas opened the second	True
Gordon started the first inning with a single and scored on Cain 's two - out single . Mike Moustakas opened the second with a single to center , went to second	False
Mike Moustakas opened the second with a single to center , went to second on Eric Hosmer 's single and scored on Yuniesky Betancourt 's two - out single . Jeff Francoeur and Betancourt doubled for the first Kansas City run in the eighth	True
Aaron Crow worked two spotless innings to log his second save . The Twins made it 2-all in the fourth	True
The Twins made it 2-all in the fourth . Ben Revere started with a triple to the right-field corner and scored on Joe Mauer 's groundout . Josh Willingham , who singled , scored the other run of the inning on Chris Parmelee 's fielder 's choice . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth when they were aided by an error by Parmelee at first base . Cain singled Gordon home with the first run of the inning . When Parmelee failed to handle Moustakas ' hard bouncer , Alcides Escobar scored . The Twins got a run back in the seventh	True
While Buchholz had his own little celebration . Matt Thornton ( 2 - 6 ) got one out , but left with runners on first	False
While Buchholz had his own little celebration . Matt Thornton ( 2 - 6 ) got one out , but left with runners on first and second	False
Matt Thornton ( 2 - 6 ) got one out , but left with runners on first and second before Addison Reed faced Ross , who hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the Green Monster seats . Carl Crawford opened the ninth	True
Buchholz had been given the second-most run support in the majors at 7.48 runs per nine innings -- only behind teammate Felix Doubront 's 8.38 per -- but the Red Sox could n't solve the rookie lefty . Boston was held to one hit until loading the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Buchholz had been given the second-most run support in the majors at 7.48 runs per nine innings -- only behind teammate Felix Doubront 's 8.38 per -- but the Red Sox could n't solve the rookie lefty . Boston was held to one hit until loading the bases with one out in the seventh on singles by Pedroia , Gonzalez and Ross . Shortstop Alexei Ramirez was leaning the wrong way on Will Middlebrooks ' liner , dove back , grabbed the ball on one hop and fired to second	False
Boston was held to one hit until loading the bases with one out in the seventh on singles by Pedroia , Gonzalez and Ross . Shortstop Alexei Ramirez was leaning the wrong way on Will Middlebrooks ' liner , dove back , grabbed the ball on one hop and fired to second to start an inning-ending double play . The White Sox grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Boston was held to one hit until loading the bases with one out in the seventh on singles by Pedroia , Gonzalez and Ross . Shortstop Alexei Ramirez was leaning the wrong way on Will Middlebrooks ' liner , dove back , grabbed the ball on one hop and fired to second to start an inning-ending double play . The White Sox grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Adam Dunn drew a leadoff walk and advanced to third	False
The White Sox grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Adam Dunn drew a leadoff walk and advanced to third on Paul Konerko 's single , barely beating right fielder Ross ' throw . Alex Rios followed with his sacrifice fly to center and Dunn trotted home easily . Unlike Wednesday night when the Red Sox pounded a rookie left-handed starter for eight runs , three homers and 12 hits in four innings , Boston had just Pedro Ciriaco 's two - out triple in the third	True
It was looking like more of the same on Thursday against De Vries , whose only mistake was a soaring homer to Davis in the second inning . The Orioles scratched another one across in the seventh	True
He looked up to the task Wednesday night , battling without his best stuff as the Cubs beat the Miami Marlins 5 - 1 in a rain-shortened game . Starlin Castro homered for Chicago and the Cubs batted around in a four - run seventh	True
Starlin Castro homered for Chicago and the Cubs batted around in a four - run seventh . Heavy rain began falling with Miami batting in the top of the eighth	True
Samardzija was effective for a third consecutive outing , allowing one run over five innings , though he did not factor in the decision . He got out of a jam in the fifth despite Emilio Bonifacio 's leadoff triple . Logan Morrison hit a grounder with the infield in , but catcher Geovany Soto bobbled the throw on a botched rundown to put runners at second	False
Samardzija was effective for a third consecutive outing , allowing one run over five innings , though he did not factor in the decision . He got out of a jam in the fifth despite Emilio Bonifacio 's leadoff triple . Logan Morrison hit a grounder with the infield in , but catcher Geovany Soto bobbled the throw on a botched rundown to put runners at second and third	False
He got out of a jam in the fifth despite Emilio Bonifacio 's leadoff triple . Logan Morrison hit a grounder with the infield in , but catcher Geovany Soto bobbled the throw on a botched rundown to put runners at second and third . Samardzija struck out Ramirez and got Greg Dobbs to ground out to end the threat . Samardzija was lifted for a pinch hitter in the fifth	True
After a rough June , Samardzija has given up just five runs in 19 innings this month . Castro hit his eighth home run of the season off Marlins starter Josh Johnson ( 5 - 7 ) leading off the fourth	True
Castro hit his eighth home run of the season off Marlins starter Josh Johnson ( 5 - 7 ) leading off the fourth . Jeff Baker highlighted the seventh-inning rally with a two - run , pinch-hit double with the bases loaded . James Russell ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
James Russell ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the victory . Jose Reyes ripped an 0 - 2 delivery over the wall in right field leading off the third	True
Johnson retired nine of the first 10 batters he faced before Castro 's home run . Miami 's big right-hander responded by striking out the next three . Johnson was economical until trouble found him in the seventh	True
Johnson retired nine of the first 10 batters he faced before Castro 's home run . Miami 's big right-hander responded by striking out the next three . Johnson was economical until trouble found him in the seventh . Alfonso Soriano singled to lead off and advanced to second	False
Johnson was charged with four runs over 6 1/3 innings . He struck out five and walked one to continue an inconsistent season . He gave up seven earned runs in five June starts but has allowed 14 runs in three starts in July . Guillen was again given a villain 's welcome by the home crowd in his return to Chicago . After visiting the mound to remove Johnson in the seventh	True
`` You got Hall of Famers all through the lineup . It 's just one of those lineups that do n't come around that often . '' Hiroki Kuroda pitched four - hit ball for his first shutout since 2008 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . The tarps came out after he pitched the seventh inning , and the game was called following a 58-minute rain delay . The complete game was the third	False
Headed to Oakland immediately following the game for the start of a six - game trip that begins Thursday , the Yankees wasted no time after a 51-minute delay at the start caused by some dramatic lightning and booming thunder -- but no rain . Jeter led off the first	True
Headed to Oakland immediately following the game for the start of a six - game trip that begins Thursday , the Yankees wasted no time after a 51-minute delay at the start caused by some dramatic lightning and booming thunder -- but no rain . Jeter led off the first with a double , the first	False
Jeter led off the first with a double , the first of the four extra-base hits in the inning . Nick Swisher had an RBI single , Teixeira followed with his 19th homer , a two - run shot . With one out , Cano and Jones had consecutive doubles to make it 4 - 0 . Cano has a 21-game hitting streak . Wise had an RBI double in the fourth	True
Jeter led off the first with a double , the first of the four extra-base hits in the inning . Nick Swisher had an RBI single , Teixeira followed with his 19th homer , a two - run shot . With one out , Cano and Jones had consecutive doubles to make it 4 - 0 . Cano has a 21-game hitting streak . Wise had an RBI double in the fourth and a run-scoring single in the sixth	True
Wise had an RBI double in the fourth and a run-scoring single in the sixth off Romero . He started in center field , giving Granderson a day off . Granderson had started 89 of New York 's first 90 games . Kuroda ( 9 - 7 ) , meanwhile , allowed a single hit in each of the second	True
Wise had an RBI double in the fourth and a run-scoring single in the sixth off Romero . He started in center field , giving Granderson a day off . Granderson had started 89 of New York 's first 90 games . Kuroda ( 9 - 7 ) , meanwhile , allowed a single hit in each of the second , fifth	False
Wise had an RBI double in the fourth and a run-scoring single in the sixth off Romero . He started in center field , giving Granderson a day off . Granderson had started 89 of New York 's first 90 games . Kuroda ( 9 - 7 ) , meanwhile , allowed a single hit in each of the second , fifth , sixth	True
Wise had an RBI double in the fourth and a run-scoring single in the sixth off Romero . He started in center field , giving Granderson a day off . Granderson had started 89 of New York 's first 90 games . Kuroda ( 9 - 7 ) , meanwhile , allowed a single hit in each of the second , fifth , sixth and seventh innings . He struck out the side in the second	True
Three relievers combined to hold Houston scoreless and give San Diego its third win in four games . Maybin drove a ball to the left-center field wall in in the eighth	True
Maybin drove a ball to the left-center field wall in in the eighth that was caught by a fan who reached over the fence . Umpires reviewed the play and ruled it a double . Two runs scored on the play . San Diego strung together four consecutive hits against Houston starter Jordan Lyles in the fifth	True
Lyles ( 2 - 6 ) yielded five runs on 11 hits over six innings and has yet to win a game on the road in his career . The right-hander walked two and struck out three . Alonso sent a 2 - 0 pitch from Lyles a few rows deep in the left-field stands in the second	True
Lyles ( 2 - 6 ) yielded five runs on 11 hits over six innings and has yet to win a game on the road in his career . The right-hander walked two and struck out three . Alonso sent a 2 - 0 pitch from Lyles a few rows deep in the left-field stands in the second to put San Diego on top 2 - 1 . The homer was Alonso 's fourth	False
Lyles ( 2 - 6 ) yielded five runs on 11 hits over six innings and has yet to win a game on the road in his career . The right-hander walked two and struck out three . Alonso sent a 2 - 0 pitch from Lyles a few rows deep in the left-field stands in the second to put San Diego on top 2 - 1 . The homer was Alonso 's fourth of the season , but his first	False
Alonso sent a 2 - 0 pitch from Lyles a few rows deep in the left-field stands in the second to put San Diego on top 2 - 1 . The homer was Alonso 's fourth of the season , but his first at Petco Park . Fernando Abad hit Headley with a pitch in the seventh	True
Mauer had three hits and an RBI and the Minnesota Twins bullpen pitched 4 2/3 innings of scoreless relief in a 6 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Mauer had two singles , a double and a walk to improve his batting average to .333 , second	False
Mauer had two singles , a double and a walk to improve his batting average to .333 , second in the AL behind the Angels ' Mike Trout . Ryan Doumit added two hits and two RBIs for the Twins , who have taken the first two games of the series against the slumping Orioles . Adam Jones hit a three - run homer for Baltimore , but Zach Britton gave up four runs on six hits with a career-high six walks in four innings as the O 's dropped their third	False
Adam Jones hit a three - run homer for Baltimore , but Zach Britton gave up four runs on six hits with a career-high six walks in four innings as the O 's dropped their third in a row to fall 10 games behind the Yankees in the AL East . Jones was at the plate with a runner on in the ninth	True
Alex Burnett ( 3 - 2 ) pitched an inning for the win and Luis Ayala ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs on five hits in 2 2/3 innings for the loss . The game was tied with two outs in the bottom of the seventh	True
Alex Burnett ( 3 - 2 ) pitched an inning for the win and Luis Ayala ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs on five hits in 2 2/3 innings for the loss . The game was tied with two outs in the bottom of the seventh when Jamey Carroll and Denard Span reached on back-to-back singles . Shortstop J. J. Hardy 's errant throw got past Mark Reynolds at first base on a play that was ruled a hit for Span and an error that allowed Carroll to advance to third	False
With new life , Ben Revere 's bloop single gave the Twins a 5 - 4 lead and Mauer followed with a single that tailed just past a diving Hardy 's glove to make it 6 - 4 . It 's been quite a bounce-back season for Mauer , who suffered through numerous ailments last season in the first	False
It 's been quite a bounce-back season for Mauer , who suffered through numerous ailments last season in the first of an eight - year , $ 184 million contract . The injuries contributed to a career-worst season and turned many of his hometown fans against him . He hit .287 with three homers and 30 RBIs in 82 games last season , but has been the model of durability this year . He played in his 82nd game on Tuesday night and has mixed his time this season between catcher , first base and DH while resuming his role as one of the game 's best hitters . He also made a brilliant defensive play in the sixth	True
He hit .287 with three homers and 30 RBIs in 82 games last season , but has been the model of durability this year . He played in his 82nd game on Tuesday night and has mixed his time this season between catcher , first base and DH while resuming his role as one of the game 's best hitters . He also made a brilliant defensive play in the sixth , pouncing out of his crouch and laying out to snare a popped-up bunt attempt from Ryan Flaherty . Jeff Gray , Tyler Robertson , Burnett and Glen Perkins combined to get the ball to Burton after a surprising pitching duel between Britton and Samuel Deduno fizzled quickly in the fifth	True
Britton was making his season debut after a long road of recovery from shoulder problems . He had platelet-rich plasma therapy in March and did n't start pitching in the minor leagues until being optioned to Triple-A Norfolk on June 6 . Britton gave up a run on a double by Jamey Carroll that tied the game in the fourth inning and was knocked out of the game in the fifth	True
Deduno threw a pickoff attempt away in the first inning , then bounced a breaking ball for a wild pitch to allow Nick Markakis to score . The right-hander really settled down next three innings but did n't make it out of the fifth	True
Revere made two remarkable running grabs himself in right field to go with four hits and three RBIs , Joe Mauer homered and drove in two runs and Justin Morneau had four of Minnesota 's 20 hits to stretch his hitting streak to a season-long 14 straight games . Chris Tillman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs in the first	True
In the bottom of the frame , Revere doubled and scored on Mauer 's single . The Twins eventually loaded the bases , but Tillman had two outs and a full count on Ryan Doumit . On the eighth pitch of his at-bat , Doumit hit a chopper to first base that Reynolds awkwardly lunged toward with his backhand . The ball glanced off the edge of his glove , allowing two men to score and paving the way for Span 's three - run double that capped the inning . The Orioles and Twins sure packed a lot into this matchup , including a balk , an infield fly rule call and even a two - run infield single . That came courtesy of Revere , whose grounder up the middle skipped off second base in front of shortstop J. J. Hardy , who could n't grab it in time to throw Span out at home and keep the Twins from taking a 10 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Orioles and Twins sure packed a lot into this matchup , including a balk , an infield fly rule call and even a two - run infield single . That came courtesy of Revere , whose grounder up the middle skipped off second base in front of shortstop J. J. Hardy , who could n't grab it in time to throw Span out at home and keep the Twins from taking a 10 - 2 lead in the third . Span made a sprinting , sliding catch of a sinking liner to steal a single from Steve Tolleson in the sixth	True
The Orioles and Twins sure packed a lot into this matchup , including a balk , an infield fly rule call and even a two - run infield single . That came courtesy of Revere , whose grounder up the middle skipped off second base in front of shortstop J. J. Hardy , who could n't grab it in time to throw Span out at home and keep the Twins from taking a 10 - 2 lead in the third . Span made a sprinting , sliding catch of a sinking liner to steal a single from Steve Tolleson in the sixth and sped back to nab Hardy 's drive against the bullpen wall in the seventh	True
The Orioles and Twins sure packed a lot into this matchup , including a balk , an infield fly rule call and even a two - run infield single . That came courtesy of Revere , whose grounder up the middle skipped off second base in front of shortstop J. J. Hardy , who could n't grab it in time to throw Span out at home and keep the Twins from taking a 10 - 2 lead in the third . Span made a sprinting , sliding catch of a sinking liner to steal a single from Steve Tolleson in the sixth and sped back to nab Hardy 's drive against the bullpen wall in the seventh . Revere also took an extra-base hit from Hardy with his second long run of the night , in the fifth	True
Hamels ( 11 - 4 ) , making his 100th career road start , scattered six hits and had seven strikeouts in his first win in three career outings at Coors Field . He was 0 - 1 with an 8.38 ERA at Colorado 's hitter-friendly park coming into the game . Antonio Bastardo finished up with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
The Phillies , who trail in the NL East , were winless in their previous five series against Tampa Bay ( 1 - 2 ) , Pittsburgh ( 2 - 2 ) , Miami ( 0 - 3 ) , the New York Mets ( 1 - 2 ) and Atlanta ( 0 - 3 ) . However , they have kicked off the second half of the season on a positive note . Up 2 - 0 , the Phillies pulled in front 5 - 0 in the fifth	True
Up 2 - 0 , the Phillies pulled in front 5 - 0 in the fifth when Pence connected for his team-leading 17th homer . Jimmy Rollins hit a two - out single and took second	False
Jimmy Rollins hit a two - out single and took second on an errant pickoff throw by Pomeranz before Shane Victorino drew a walk . Pence worked the count against Pomeranz to 2 - 2 and then jumped on a 79 mph curveball he sent 20 rows deep into the left field bleachers . The Rockies , who had n't had a baserunner reach second since Dexter Fowler led off the bottom of the first	True
Hamels issued a one - out walk to Marco Scutaro , his only one of the day , and Carlos Gonzalez followed with an RBI triple that went to the wall in left-center field . Hamels prevented further damage by striking out Ramon Hernandez and getting Michael Cuddyer to ground out . Victorino got the Phillies ' offense going in the first	True
Hamels issued a one - out walk to Marco Scutaro , his only one of the day , and Carlos Gonzalez followed with an RBI triple that went to the wall in left-center field . Hamels prevented further damage by striking out Ramon Hernandez and getting Michael Cuddyer to ground out . Victorino got the Phillies ' offense going in the first by tripling to center . One out later , Carlos Ruiz brought him home with a single to left . The Phillies got another run in the fourth	True
Hamels issued a one - out walk to Marco Scutaro , his only one of the day , and Carlos Gonzalez followed with an RBI triple that went to the wall in left-center field . Hamels prevented further damage by striking out Ramon Hernandez and getting Michael Cuddyer to ground out . Victorino got the Phillies ' offense going in the first by tripling to center . One out later , Carlos Ruiz brought him home with a single to left . The Phillies got another run in the fourth when Ruiz doubled , moved to third	False
`` I was n't perfect with my execution , but I felt like I made a pretty high percentage of my pitches . '' Hairston 's RBI single in the sixth gave Capuano a 2 - 1 lead , and he retired the first two batters in the seventh	True
`` They do n't call it the hot corner for nothing . '' Josh Lindblom relieved Capuano after Hairston 's second miscue , and Chris Denorfia singled home another run to give the Padres a 4 - 2 lead . Headley added his 10th homer leading off the eighth	True
Josh Lindblom relieved Capuano after Hairston 's second miscue , and Chris Denorfia singled home another run to give the Padres a 4 - 2 lead . Headley added his 10th homer leading off the eighth against Lindblom . Andre Ethier gave Los Angeles a 1 - 0 lead against Marquis with a run-scoring single in the first	True
Andre Ethier gave Los Angeles a 1 - 0 lead against Marquis with a run-scoring single in the first . It increased his team-high RBI total to 60 in 78 games -- just two fewer than he had in 135 games last season , when he missed the final 20 contests because of a knee injury that required surgery . The Padres tied it in the fourth	True
The Padres tied it in the fourth with another unearned run after Logan Forsythe and Headley opened the inning with singles . Carlos Quentin followed with a fielder 's choice grounder to shortstop , but second baseman Mark Ellis threw wildly past first trying to complete a double play and Forsythe was able to score . Reliever Jamey Wright committed the Dodgers ' season-high fifth error of the game when he mishandled Alexi Amarista 's sacrifice bunt in the eighth	True
That tied the game and forced a miscue that won it for the San Diego Padres . Will Venable came around when closer Kenley Jansen threw the ball past catcher A. J. Ellis , leading the San Diego Padres to a 7 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday night . Alex Hinshaw ( 1 - 1 ) recorded two outs to get the victory , ending the Padres ' 10-game losing streak at Dodger Stadium . All-Star Huston Street worked a perfect ninth	True
Jansen ( 4 - 3 ) ended up with his fourth blown save opportunity in 20 chances . Yonder Alonso and Venable sparked the winning rally with consecutive singles , putting runners on the corners with none out . Jansen then struck out Cameron Maybin at the end of a grueling 11-pitch at-bat and retired pinch-hitter Mark Kotsay on a popup after Venable stole second	False
Yonder Alonso and Venable sparked the winning rally with consecutive singles , putting runners on the corners with none out . Jansen then struck out Cameron Maybin at the end of a grueling 11-pitch at-bat and retired pinch-hitter Mark Kotsay on a popup after Venable stole second . Alexi Amarista worked the count to 2 - 2 , and Cabrera saw an opening while Jansen kicked the dirt in front of the rubber a couple of times with his back turned away from third	False
Andre Ethier had four RBIs for the Dodgers in his second game off the disabled list , belting a tiebreaking two - run homer and a pair of RBI singles . Aaron Harang allowed four runs , three earned , and four hits over seven innings against his former team . The Padres tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
But the NL West leaders responded in the bottom half against rookie reliever Brad Brach . Matt Kemp reached on a two - out infield single for his fifth hit in eight at-bats since coming off the DL , and Ethier sent his 11th homer to right-center . Ronald Belisario relieved Harang and yielded a two - out RBI single to Carlos Quentin in the eighth	True
Padres starter Edinson Volquez threw 111 pitches over five innings , giving up four runs , eight hits and four walks while striking out six . Ethier , who leads the Dodgers with 59 RBIs , tied it at 1 in the first	True
Padres starter Edinson Volquez threw 111 pitches over five innings , giving up four runs , eight hits and four walks while striking out six . Ethier , who leads the Dodgers with 59 RBIs , tied it at 1 in the first with a bloop RBI single . Ethier singled home Bobby Abreu with the bases loaded in the third	True
Ethier , who leads the Dodgers with 59 RBIs , tied it at 1 in the first with a bloop RBI single . Ethier singled home Bobby Abreu with the bases loaded in the third before Volquez forced in another run with a walk to Juan Rivera . The right-hander , who leads the majors with 67 walks , minimized the damage by retiring his next three batters . Quentin hit a leadoff homer to center field in the fourth	False
Ethier , who leads the Dodgers with 59 RBIs , tied it at 1 in the first with a bloop RBI single . Ethier singled home Bobby Abreu with the bases loaded in the third before Volquez forced in another run with a walk to Juan Rivera . The right-hander , who leads the majors with 67 walks , minimized the damage by retiring his next three batters . Quentin hit a leadoff homer to center field in the fourth , his eighth	False
Ethier , who leads the Dodgers with 59 RBIs , tied it at 1 in the first with a bloop RBI single . Ethier singled home Bobby Abreu with the bases loaded in the third before Volquez forced in another run with a walk to Juan Rivera . The right-hander , who leads the majors with 67 walks , minimized the damage by retiring his next three batters . Quentin hit a leadoff homer to center field in the fourth , his eighth this season , but the Dodgers got that run back in the fifth	False
Paul Goldschmidt homered , doubled and drove in a career-high four runs and Justin Upton was a homer short of the cycle for the Diamondbacks , who won the final three games of the four - game set to move within four games of the NL West-leading Dodgers . Bauer , who was picked third	False
Unlike his first two starts , in which he allowed eight earned runs on 11 hits in only 7 1/3 innings , Bauer rarely was pressured by the Dodgers . Juan Rivera led off the second inning with a double to left and Dodgers starter Chris Capuano doubled to right to lead off the third	True
Gibson said there had been a concerted effort to get pitcher and catcher together over the past few days . Bauer retired Tony Gwynn Jr. on a fly ball to left after an 11-pitch at bat for the first	True
Gibson said there had been a concerted effort to get pitcher and catcher together over the past few days . Bauer retired Tony Gwynn Jr. on a fly ball to left after an 11-pitch at bat for the first out of the third	True
Capuano struck out five and walked one . Upton tripled home Willie Bloomquist in the first	True
Upton tripled home Willie Bloomquist in the first and scored on a ground-rule double by Goldschmidt to give the Diamondbacks an early 2 - 0 lead -- the first two runs Arizona had scored in any of Bauer 's first three starts . Goldschmidt made it 5 - 0 in the fifth	True
Goldschmidt made it 5 - 0 in the fifth with his 12th home run , a line drive a half-dozen rows deep into the left-field stands . Montero hit a bases-loaded , two - run single in the seventh	True
Montero hit a bases-loaded , two - run single in the seventh to extend Arizona 's lead to 7 - 0 . Juan Uribe hit a pinch-hit sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Detroit is , too , with a four - game winning streak that matches its longest of the year to give the team with high preseason expectations a winning record for the first time since May 10 . Prince Fielder hit a two - run , game-tying homer in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit a two - run , game-tying homer in the first , and the Tigers took an 8 - 4 lead on Young 's two - run shot off reliever Nate Adcock . Detroit closer Jose Valverde started the ninth	True
Yuniesky Betancourt nearly hit a go-ahead , three - run homer on a fly center fielder Austin Jackson tracked down near the wall in left-center . Jackson charged to make an underhanded catch on Mike Moustakas ' sacrifice fly for the second	False
Doug Fister ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs in six - plus innings and snapped a three - game losing streak . Fister , who has been on the disabled list twice this season , had given up 14 earned runs in his previous two starts . Fister , Darin Downs , Brayan Villarreal and Phil Coke combined to pitch a scoreless seventh	True
Doug Fister ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs in six - plus innings and snapped a three - game losing streak . Fister , who has been on the disabled list twice this season , had given up 14 earned runs in his previous two starts . Fister , Darin Downs , Brayan Villarreal and Phil Coke combined to pitch a scoreless seventh . Joaquin Benoit struck out two in the eighth	True
Bruce Chen ( 7 - 8 ) gave up six runs for the second straight game and allowed nine hits over 3 1/3 innings . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first after Butler and Betancourt 's RBI singles , but could n't keep it . Jackson hit a leadoff single in the home half and scored on Fielder 's 14th homer , a 382-foot shot to right center with two outs to make it 2-all . Gerald Laird had an RBI double , and Jackson , who extended his career-long hitting streak to 14 games , had an RBI single in a three - run second	True
Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth gave Detroit a four - run lead . Fister gave up two runs in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth gave Detroit a four - run lead . Fister gave up two runs in the first , then pitched three scoreless innings before giving up Moustakas ' two - out homer in the fifth	True
Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth gave Detroit a four - run lead . Fister gave up two runs in the first , then pitched three scoreless innings before giving up Moustakas ' two - out homer in the fifth to let Kansas City pull within three runs . Betancourt 's sacrifice fly in the seventh	False
BOSTON -- The two - run single in the first inning was nice . What Mark Teixeira really enjoyed , though , was his seventh-inning triple off longtime nemesis Vicente Padilla . Teixeira had the big hit in New York 's five - run first inning , then added a two - run triple off Padilla in the seventh	True
Alex Rodriguez had three hits , and Curtis Granderson scored three times for the Yankees , who improved to 3 - 0 against Boston this year . David Ortiz and Adrian Gonzalez had three hits apiece for Boston , which lost its fourth	False
Alex Rodriguez had three hits , and Curtis Granderson scored three times for the Yankees , who improved to 3 - 0 against Boston this year . David Ortiz and Adrian Gonzalez had three hits apiece for Boston , which lost its fourth in a row . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a three - run homer to help the Red Sox tie it at 5 - 5 after Josh Beckett gave up five runs in the top of the first	True
Boone Logan ( 4 - 0 ) wound up with the win , and Andrew Miller ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss . Rafael Soriano got four outs for his 20th save -- his first save of more than one inning since 2007 . It was the first game between the two rivals since the Yankees rallied from a 9 - 0 deficit with seven runs in the seventh	True
Boone Logan ( 4 - 0 ) wound up with the win , and Andrew Miller ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss . Rafael Soriano got four outs for his 20th save -- his first save of more than one inning since 2007 . It was the first game between the two rivals since the Yankees rallied from a 9 - 0 deficit with seven runs in the seventh and seven more in the eighth	True
This time , neither team could hold a lead . The Yankees coughed up a 5 - 0 lead in the first	True
This time , neither team could hold a lead . The Yankees coughed up a 5 - 0 lead in the first and a 6 - 5 lead in the second	False
But Yankees starter Hiroki Kuroda was just as bad , giving up seven runs -- six earned -- on 10 hits and a walk while striking out three in 5 2/3 innings . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first , thanks in part to a two - run double by Gonzalez followed by Saltalamacchia 's career-high 17th homer . The teams traded single runs in the second inning before the pitchers settled down . The Yankees nearly took the lead in the fifth	True
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first , thanks in part to a two - run double by Gonzalez followed by Saltalamacchia 's career-high 17th homer . The teams traded single runs in the second inning before the pitchers settled down . The Yankees nearly took the lead in the fifth when Rodriguez singled and stole two bases . But he was thrown out trying to score on a grounder to second	False
The teams traded single runs in the second inning before the pitchers settled down . The Yankees nearly took the lead in the fifth when Rodriguez singled and stole two bases . But he was thrown out trying to score on a grounder to second when Daniel Nava came home with the throw and Saltalamacchia blocked the plate . Boston took a 7 - 6 lead in the fifth	True
The teams traded single runs in the second inning before the pitchers settled down . The Yankees nearly took the lead in the fifth when Rodriguez singled and stole two bases . But he was thrown out trying to score on a grounder to second when Daniel Nava came home with the throw and Saltalamacchia blocked the plate . Boston took a 7 - 6 lead in the fifth when Gonzalez singled , took second	False
Boston took a 7 - 6 lead in the fifth when Gonzalez singled , took second on a wild pitch and scored on Mauro Gomez 's single -- his first career RBI . But the Yankees went ahead after Miller came in to start the seventh	True
The Red Sox threatened another comeback when Cody Ross led off the bottom half with a homer and Gonzalez singled . But Logan struck out Saltalamacchia , and Cody Eppley came on . Gomez singled , but Mike Aviles hit a grounder that drew Derek Jeter deep into the hole to his right and he threw to third	False
The Red Sox threatened another comeback when Cody Ross led off the bottom half with a homer and Gonzalez singled . But Logan struck out Saltalamacchia , and Cody Eppley came on . Gomez singled , but Mike Aviles hit a grounder that drew Derek Jeter deep into the hole to his right and he threw to third for the force on Gonzalez . David Robertson struck out Nick Punto with runners on second	False
The Red Sox threatened another comeback when Cody Ross led off the bottom half with a homer and Gonzalez singled . But Logan struck out Saltalamacchia , and Cody Eppley came on . Gomez singled , but Mike Aviles hit a grounder that drew Derek Jeter deep into the hole to his right and he threw to third for the force on Gonzalez . David Robertson struck out Nick Punto with runners on second and third	False
In front of 48,819 -- Arizona 's first home sellout since the season opener -- the Padres won their first series in Phoenix since May 2009 . Before this week , San Diego had gone 1 - 7 at Chase Field since then . A sweep was even more unlikely , given the history . Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 0 ) struck out the only two batters he faced in the seventh	True
Chris Denorfia was 4 - for - 5 with a double for the Padres and scored three times . After Ryan Roberts beat out an infield single , then scored on a pinch-hit double by Stephen Drew to make it a three - run game in the ninth	True
Chris Denorfia was 4 - for - 5 with a double for the Padres and scored three times . After Ryan Roberts beat out an infield single , then scored on a pinch-hit double by Stephen Drew to make it a three - run game in the ninth , Huston Street came on and got his 13th straight save . Drew took third	False
Chris Denorfia was 4 - for - 5 with a double for the Padres and scored three times . After Ryan Roberts beat out an infield single , then scored on a pinch-hit double by Stephen Drew to make it a three - run game in the ninth , Huston Street came on and got his 13th straight save . Drew took third on a deep fly ball and scored on a groundout . Upton ended the game and an 0 - for - 5 night by popping out as the big crowd , sticking around for the postgame fireworks , booed him loudly , as they had when he fanned with a runner at second	False
Chris Denorfia was 4 - for - 5 with a double for the Padres and scored three times . After Ryan Roberts beat out an infield single , then scored on a pinch-hit double by Stephen Drew to make it a three - run game in the ninth , Huston Street came on and got his 13th straight save . Drew took third on a deep fly ball and scored on a groundout . Upton ended the game and an 0 - for - 5 night by popping out as the big crowd , sticking around for the postgame fireworks , booed him loudly , as they had when he fanned with a runner at second to end the seventh	True
Kubel , who has 58 RBIs , gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead when he knocked first pitch he saw from Jason Marquis in the first inning over the fence in right . But the Padres tied it with single runs in the third	True
Kubel , who has 58 RBIs , gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead when he knocked first pitch he saw from Jason Marquis in the first inning over the fence in right . But the Padres tied it with single runs in the third and fourth	True
Kubel , who has 58 RBIs , gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead when he knocked first pitch he saw from Jason Marquis in the first inning over the fence in right . But the Padres tied it with single runs in the third and fourth , then went up 4 - 3 when Denorfia scored from first	False
But the Padres tied it with single runs in the third and fourth , then went up 4 - 3 when Denorfia scored from first on Alexi Amarista 's single to center . The Diamondbacks tied it at 4 - 4 in their half of the seventh	True
But the Padres tied it with single runs in the third and fourth , then went up 4 - 3 when Denorfia scored from first on Alexi Amarista 's single to center . The Diamondbacks tied it at 4 - 4 in their half of the seventh . Pinch hitter Gerardo Parra singled , stole second	False
But the Padres tied it with single runs in the third and fourth , then went up 4 - 3 when Denorfia scored from first on Alexi Amarista 's single to center . The Diamondbacks tied it at 4 - 4 in their half of the seventh . Pinch hitter Gerardo Parra singled , stole second and scored on Willie Bloomquist 's single . Bloomquist stole second	False
Upton struck out swinging . Hernandez hit Logan Forsyth with two outs in the eighth	True
Upton struck out swinging . Hernandez hit Logan Forsyth with two outs in the eighth , then Grandal came on as a pinch hitter for the decisive home run . San Diego added a run in the ninth	False
McDonald won for the eighth time in his past 10 decisions , improving to 4 - 1 at home despite a season-high five walks . He was charged with two runs on four hits with four strikeouts . The Pirates hit consecutive home runs for the fifth time this season and third	False
McDonald won for the eighth time in his past 10 decisions , improving to 4 - 1 at home despite a season-high five walks . He was charged with two runs on four hits with four strikeouts . The Pirates hit consecutive home runs for the fifth time this season and third in the past five games . Jones ' homer was his 11th	False
McDonald won for the eighth time in his past 10 decisions , improving to 4 - 1 at home despite a season-high five walks . He was charged with two runs on four hits with four strikeouts . The Pirates hit consecutive home runs for the fifth time this season and third in the past five games . Jones ' homer was his 11th of the season and fourth	False
The Pirates hit consecutive home runs for the fifth time this season and third in the past five games . Jones ' homer was his 11th of the season and fourth in his past 11 games . Jones added an RBI double in the fifth	True
The Pirates hit consecutive home runs for the fifth time this season and third in the past five games . Jones ' homer was his 11th of the season and fourth in his past 11 games . Jones added an RBI double in the fifth and an RBI infield single in the sixth	True
Jones added an RBI double in the fifth and an RBI infield single in the sixth off of Fernando Abad -- Jones ' first hit against a left-hander in a span of 25 at-bats dating to August of last season . Walker 's home run was his fourth	False
The next inning went much the same way for Lyles ( 2 - 5 ) . Drew Sutton led off with a triple and McCutchen drove him in with a double and scored on Jones ' double . Two batters later , McGehee 's two - run double scored Jones and Walker . Houston took advantage of three McDonald walks in the first	True
Houston took advantage of three McDonald walks in the first , taking a 1 - 0 lead when J. D. Martinez drove in Jose Altuve with a single . Moore hit his first home run since being promoted from Triple-A last week in the sixth	True
Moustakas must have breathed deeply . After striking out his first time up , he hit an RBI double the next time . He then launched a grand slam to highlight Kansas City 's five - run seventh	True
Teaford said Kansas City 's offensive outburst made his job easy . Kelvin Herrera worked the eighth	True
Teaford said Kansas City 's offensive outburst made his job easy . Kelvin Herrera worked the eighth and Tim Collins finished in the ninth	True
A downcast Romero said he 's working hard between starts , but still feels as if he 's stuck in quicksand . Romero came in unbeaten in 14 starts at Rogers Centre since losing a 4 - 1 decision to the Yankees on July 16 , 2011 , and was handed an early lead when Brett Lawrie scored on Yunel Escobar 's bases-loaded groundout in the first	True
Romero could n't hold the lead , however , and Perez quickly put the Royals in front with his third homer , a two - out line drive that barely cleared the left-field fence . Kansas City added two more in the third	True
Kansas City added two more in the third on back-to-back RBI doubles by Yuniesky Betancourt and Moustakas . Bautista made it 4 - 2 with a solo drive to center in the bottom half , but the Royals piled on with two more in the fourth	False
Bautista made it 4 - 2 with a solo drive to center in the bottom half , but the Royals piled on with two more in the fourth . Alex Gordon 's RBI single drove in Perez and Jason Bourgeois scored on a wild pitch . Rasmus cut it to 6 - 3 with a booming homer off Teaford in the fifth	True
Bautista made it 4 - 2 with a solo drive to center in the bottom half , but the Royals piled on with two more in the fourth . Alex Gordon 's RBI single drove in Perez and Jason Bourgeois scored on a wild pitch . Rasmus cut it to 6 - 3 with a booming homer off Teaford in the fifth , a two - out drive that hit off the facing of the fifth deck in right field , his 16th of the season and second	False
Asked whether Rasmus ' drive was the longest home run he 's ever allowed , Teaford joked that he would `` have to check air traffic control . '' Kansas City chased Romero and put the game out of reach with a five - run seventh	True
Asked whether Rasmus ' drive was the longest home run he 's ever allowed , Teaford joked that he would `` have to check air traffic control . '' Kansas City chased Romero and put the game out of reach with a five - run seventh . Alcides Escobar led off with a walk , Eric Hosmer doubled and David Pauley came on to replace Romero . Pauley hit Billy Butler to load the bases , gave up an RBI single to Betancourt , then surrendered a first-pitch homer to Moustakas , his 14th	False
Trevor Plouffe homered twice , Willingham and Drew Butera each connected and the Twins came back from four runs down to take a big lead , then held off the Kansas City Royals 10 - 8 . With one run already across in the sixth	True
Trevor Plouffe homered twice , Willingham and Drew Butera each connected and the Twins came back from four runs down to take a big lead , then held off the Kansas City Royals 10 - 8 . With one run already across in the sixth , Willingham hit a three - run homer to tie it at 5 . Two batters later , Plouffe hit a solo shot for his second	False
Said Plouffe : `` Joe is obviously having a great year and deserves it , and I think Josh deserves it just as much . I'm not happy to see that he did n't make it because I think he 's been carrying our team all year . '' Plouffe also hit a solo homer in the second inning . Butera added a three - run shot in the eighth	True
Chen , who had allowed just one earned run in each of his last two starts , gave up six earned runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Irving Falu drove in four runs for the Royals . Reliever Jeff Gray ( 4 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the sixth	True
Chen , who had allowed just one earned run in each of his last two starts , gave up six earned runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Irving Falu drove in four runs for the Royals . Reliever Jeff Gray ( 4 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the sixth and the first	True
Chen , who had allowed just one earned run in each of his last two starts , gave up six earned runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Irving Falu drove in four runs for the Royals . Reliever Jeff Gray ( 4 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the sixth and the first of the seventh	False
Reliever Jeff Gray ( 4 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the sixth and the first of the seventh for Minnesota . Brian Dozier led off the Twins ' sixth	True
Plouffe 's second home run was his 18th of the season . Thirteen of them have come since June 1 . Span added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Liriano said he 's been more relaxed since rejoining the rotation in late May , which has led to greater confidence . He was that way early , cruising through three innings but danced with danger the next three . The left-hander gave up a single to Billy Butler leading off the fourth	True
The left-hander gave up a single to Billy Butler leading off the fourth and walked Yuniesky Betancourt two batters later , prompting a mound visit from Butera . After a single by Eric Hosmer loaded the bases , a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena tied it at 1 . But Jason Bourgeois struck out to end the threat . A double play helped Liriano escape a fifth-inning jam , but he did n't get that in the sixth	True
Liriano was replaced by Gray , who promptly gave up a two - run double to Falu to make it 5 - 1 . Pena added an RBI single and Falu a two - run single in the ninth	True
Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run homer that landed on Waveland Avenue and Rizzo added a solo shot , helping Chris Volstad and the Cubs beat the weary Giants 6 - 4 on Friday . Soriano also had a two - out RBI single in the first	True
It was still quite a month for San Francisco , which went 18 - 11 in August to increase its division lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers . It was the most victories for the Giants in a single month since they had 18 in September 2010 , and they went on to win the World Series that year . Volstad ( 2 - 9 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for his second consecutive victory after a 24-start winless streak . The 6-foot-8 right-hander pitched into the seventh	True
Madison Bumgarner ( 14 - 9 ) won three of his first four August starts for San Francisco , but ended up dropping his last two after another ineffective outing against Chicago . The left-hander retired the first two batters in the third	True
Madison Bumgarner ( 14 - 9 ) won three of his first four August starts for San Francisco , but ended up dropping his last two after another ineffective outing against Chicago . The left-hander retired the first two batters in the third before the Cubs strung together four consecutive hits to build a 5 - 0 lead . Rizzo got it started with a single to center and Soriano followed with a drive to left on an 0 - 2 pitch for his 24th homer . Starlin Castro then singled and scored all the way from first	False
The left-hander retired the first two batters in the third before the Cubs strung together four consecutive hits to build a 5 - 0 lead . Rizzo got it started with a single to center and Soriano followed with a drive to left on an 0 - 2 pitch for his 24th homer . Starlin Castro then singled and scored all the way from first on Welington Castillo 's double to the gap in left-center . Castillo moved to third	False
Bumgarner was late backing up home and his high return throw went off the All-Star catcher 's glove , allowing Castillo to score easily . Rizzo added his 10th homer in the fifth	True
Bumgarner was late backing up home and his high return throw went off the All-Star catcher 's glove , allowing Castillo to score easily . Rizzo added his 10th homer in the fifth , a drive to left-center that skipped off the basket and caromed back onto the field . The big first baseman hustled into third	False
Rizzo added his 10th homer in the fifth , a drive to left-center that skipped off the basket and caromed back onto the field . The big first baseman hustled into third , but the drive was eventually changed to a home run after a short replay review . Carlos Marmol worked the ninth	True
Prince Fielder had three hits for the slumping Tigers , who remained three games behind the first-place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . The teams begin an important three - game series Friday night in Detroit . Royals rookie Kelvin Herrera worked around a walk and a single in the ninth	True
Guthrie has made eight starts for the Royals since they acquired him in a July 20 trade with Colorado for left-hander Jonathan Sanchez . He is 6 - 12 overall . Gordon hit his 10th homer leading off the sixth	True
Gordon hit his 10th homer leading off the sixth and extended his hitting streak to eight games . The Royals loaded the bases with none out in the fifth	True
Rick Porcello ( 9 - 10 ) lost his fourth straight start , giving up two runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers snapped a 17-inning scoreless drought with a run in the eighth	True
The hard-luck loser was Rays rookie left-hander Matt Moore , who allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . Moore walked three , two in the decisive first inning , and struck out seven . The loss was his first since July 22 against Seattle . Moore ( 10 - 8 ) got two quick outs in the first	True
Maddon acknowledged that Moore `` was n't really sharp '' but refused to pin the blame on him . Evan Longoria and Matt Joyce opened the second	True
Evan Longoria and Matt Joyce opened the second with back-to-back singles and moved up on Jeff Keppinger 's sacrifice , but the Rays could n't score . Luke Scott fouled out and Jose Lobaton was caught looking to end the inning . Lobaton 's strikeout was the first	False
Evan Longoria and Matt Joyce opened the second with back-to-back singles and moved up on Jeff Keppinger 's sacrifice , but the Rays could n't score . Luke Scott fouled out and Jose Lobaton was caught looking to end the inning . Lobaton 's strikeout was the first of six straight by Villanueva , the fourth Toronto pitcher to achieve the feat and second	False
Lobaton 's strikeout was the first of six straight by Villanueva , the fourth Toronto pitcher to achieve the feat and second this month : J. A. Happ fanned six straight against Texas on Aug. 17 . The Rays put runners at first	False
Lobaton 's strikeout was the first of six straight by Villanueva , the fourth Toronto pitcher to achieve the feat and second this month : J. A. Happ fanned six straight against Texas on Aug. 17 . The Rays put runners at first and second	False
Lobaton 's strikeout was the first of six straight by Villanueva , the fourth Toronto pitcher to achieve the feat and second this month : J. A. Happ fanned six straight against Texas on Aug. 17 . The Rays put runners at first and second with one out in the fifth	True
Ramirez hit two of Milwaukee 's five homers to lead the Brewers to a 15 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Ramirez , who played for the Cubs from 2003 to 2011 , hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Ramirez hit two of Milwaukee 's five homers to lead the Brewers to a 15 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Ramirez , who played for the Cubs from 2003 to 2011 , hit a two - run shot in the fifth and a solo homer in the ninth	True
Corey Hart followed Ramirez with another shot that reached Waveland , giving Milwaukee back-to-back-to-back homers for the first time since Sept. 9 , 2007 at Cincinnati , when Rickie Weeks , J. J. Hardy and Braun began the game with home runs . The Brewers sent 14 batters to the plate and tacked on nine runs and eight hits in the ninth	True
The Brewers improved to 18 - 5 against the Cubs since the 2011 All-Star break , while Chicago has dropped 19 of 25 overall since the July 31 trade deadline . Milwaukee erased a two - run deficit on consecutive pitches in the fifth	True
Ramirez , who is 8 for 16 with eight RBIs over his last four games , added an RBI double , his major league-leading 43rd double of the season . Jackson , Chicago 's rookie center fielder , hit his fourth homer leading off the sixth	True
The Cardinals strung together four consecutive ground-ball singles during a five - hit third inning that plated three runs . Skip Schumaker led off with a double to right-center , and Wainwright chipped in with a one - out single into left field . Schumaker scored on Jon Jay 's base hit up the middle and Matt Carpenter singled to load the bases before Holliday 's two - run single to left . St. Louis added two more in the sixth	True
St. Louis added two more in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Holliday hit a leadoff triple before Craig drove a 1 - 2 pitch over the wall in left for his 20th homer . Chris Heisey and Ryan Ludwick had RBI singles in the sixth	False
Chris Heisey and Ryan Ludwick had RBI singles in the sixth for Cincinnati , which beat the Cardinals 8 - 2 on Saturday . Holliday also doubled in a run in the seventh	False
Chris Heisey and Ryan Ludwick had RBI singles in the sixth for Cincinnati , which beat the Cardinals 8 - 2 on Saturday . Holliday also doubled in a run in the seventh and singled in Carpenter in the ninth	False
The Cardinals ' big comeback off Mat Latos ( 10 - 4 ) started a 10-day trip against the Reds , Pirates and Nationals . Craig and Molina had three hits apiece as St. Louis piled up 14 in all , pulling away against a starter who has been tough to hit in August and a bullpen that is the NL 's best . Cincinnati got the better of St. Louis early , knocking starter Lance Lynn out of the game in the third inning . Joe Kelly ( 4 - 5 ) fanned six in three innings of relief . Jason Motte pitched the ninth	True
Latos tried to extend his August dominance -- only three earned runs allowed in his four previous starts . He suffered a meltdown in the sixth inning , in which he gave up four runs without retiring a batter . The inning started poorly for Latos , who was slow to cover first base on Carlos Beltran 's grounder , letting him reach on an infield single . Matt Holliday singled , and Craig followed with his 19th homer , tying it at 5-all . Three pitches later , Molina hit an opposite-field homer -- his fourth	False
The rest of the lineup has done an impeccable job without him , going 26 - 13 . Rookie shortstop Zack Cozart led off the Reds ' first	True
Cobb ( 8 - 8 ) struck out eight and walked two in his second career complete game , both this season . He bounced back from a poor outing against the Los Angeles Angels to win for the fourth time in five starts . It was the 14th win in 17 games for the Rays and their seventh shutout since July 19 . They have pitched 13 shutouts this season , second	False
The A 's did not have a travel day after beating Minnesota at home on Wednesday afternoon . They were shut out for the 15th time this season . Luke Scott also doubled for the Rays in the fifth	True
Rogers ( 1 - 1 ) , who started five games this season , pitched five innings , giving up five hits and three earned runs while recording seven strikeouts . He walked three . The Brewers trailed 3 - 1 when Rogers left the game after the top of the fifth	True
Justin Germano ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss for the Cubs , giving up eight hits and seven earned runs in 4 2/3 innings in his fifth start for Chicago after being acquired from Boston on July 19 for cash . He walked one and struck out three . Cubs manager Dale Sveum said Carlos Gomez 's first	True
Cubs manager Dale Sveum said Carlos Gomez 's first of two at-bats in the fifth inning -- he singled and homered -- turned out to be key . The Brewers ' outburst started when Gomez singled and moved to second	False
Cubs manager Dale Sveum said Carlos Gomez 's first of two at-bats in the fifth inning -- he singled and homered -- turned out to be key . The Brewers ' outburst started when Gomez singled and moved to second on Jean Segura 's groundout . Gomez scored on a single by Travis Ishikawa , who pinch-hit for Rogers . Ishikawa advanced to third	False
Roenicke credited Rogers for the way be fought through some early problems . The Cubs scored in the first inning when David DeJesus led off with a double , stole third	False
Roenicke credited Rogers for the way be fought through some early problems . The Cubs scored in the first inning when David DeJesus led off with a double , stole third and scored on a ground-rule double by Anthony Rizzo . Chicago added a run in the second	True
The Cubs scored in the first inning when David DeJesus led off with a double , stole third and scored on a ground-rule double by Anthony Rizzo . Chicago added a run in the second when Castillo hit a lead-off double and , after walks to Brett Jackson and Darwin Barney , scored on a sacrifice fly by DeJesus . The Brewers cut into the lead in the second	True
The Brewers cut into the lead in the second when Lucroy hit a solo homer that glanced off the top of the left-field wall . Josh Vitters , the Cubs ' 22-year-old third baseman , hit his first career home run in the fifth	True
Josh Vitters , the Cubs ' 22-year-old third baseman , hit his first career home run in the fifth , extending the Cubs lead to 3 - 1 . Vitters , a first-round draft pick of the Cubs and third selection overall in 2007 draft , entered Monday 's game hitting .091 . He made his major league debut on Aug. 5 . The Cubs added a run in the seventh	True
Josh Vitters , the Cubs ' 22-year-old third baseman , hit his first career home run in the fifth , extending the Cubs lead to 3 - 1 . Vitters , a first-round draft pick of the Cubs and third selection overall in 2007 draft , entered Monday 's game hitting .091 . He made his major league debut on Aug. 5 . The Cubs added a run in the seventh when Barney led off with a double and scored on a groundout and added another in the ninth	True
Colon pitched eight strong innings for his third consecutive win at home , Yoenis Cespedes homered and drove in three runs and Oakland beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 5 on Saturday night . Colon ( 10 - 9 ) struck out three and scattered five hits while beating his former club for the sixth time in 10 starts . The burly right-hander did n't give up a hit until the fourth	True
Cespedes homered and drove in three runs , Josh Donaldson had two hits and an RBI while Coco Crisp added two - run triple for Oakland , which won its third straight after entering the night one - half game behind Baltimore for the second wild-card spot in the American League . On a night when the A 's celebrated the 10th anniversary of their 20-game winning streak , Cespedes managed to steal a bit of the spotlight . He hit a two - run home run against Indians starter Corey Kluber ( 0 - 2 ) in the third	True
Cespedes homered and drove in three runs , Josh Donaldson had two hits and an RBI while Coco Crisp added two - run triple for Oakland , which won its third straight after entering the night one - half game behind Baltimore for the second wild-card spot in the American League . On a night when the A 's celebrated the 10th anniversary of their 20-game winning streak , Cespedes managed to steal a bit of the spotlight . He hit a two - run home run against Indians starter Corey Kluber ( 0 - 2 ) in the third and added an RBI single off reliever Cody Allen in the seventh	True
It was the second home run in three games for the A 's slugger after he went 54 at-bats without an extra base hit . Cespedes finished 2 for 4 and is batting an AL-best .377 ( 46 for 122 ) since the All-Star break . That was all the support Colon needed to win for the fourth time in five starts . He gave up Carlos Santana 's 13th home run with two out in the seventh	True
That was all the support Colon needed to win for the fourth time in five starts . He gave up Carlos Santana 's 13th home run with two out in the seventh but was otherwise stellar . Grant Balfour recorded one out for his 11th save after Oakland 's bullpen nearly let it get away in the ninth	True
Cleveland committed two errors while losing for the fourth time in five games on its road trip . The Indians have dropped the first two games in this series after losing the final two games in Anaheim . Colon did n't allow a hit until giving up a one - out double to Cabrera in the fourth	True
Cleveland committed two errors while losing for the fourth time in five games on its road trip . The Indians have dropped the first two games in this series after losing the final two games in Anaheim . Colon did n't allow a hit until giving up a one - out double to Cabrera in the fourth . Choo followed with a single to move Cabrera to third	False
The A 's scored their first run off Kluber without getting a hit . Cliff Pennington reached on a throwing error by Indians shortstop Cabrera , was sacrificed to second	False
The A 's scored their first run off Kluber without getting a hit . Cliff Pennington reached on a throwing error by Indians shortstop Cabrera , was sacrificed to second , stole third	False
After a visit to the mound by pitching coach Ruben Niebla , Cespedes lined a 1 - 1 pitch from Kluber onto the top of the scoreboard above the fence in left field . Oakland added a run in the sixth	True
After a visit to the mound by pitching coach Ruben Niebla , Cespedes lined a 1 - 1 pitch from Kluber onto the top of the scoreboard above the fence in left field . Oakland added a run in the sixth on George Kottaras ' RBI single then scored another in the seventh	False
Oakland added a run in the sixth on George Kottaras ' RBI single then scored another in the seventh when Cespedes singled in Jemile Weeks . Crisp 's two - run triple in the eighth	False
Willie Mays and Jeter are the only players with 3,000 hits , 250 homers , 300 steals and 1,200 RBIs . Nick Swisher connected twice as the Yankees won for the eighth time in 10 games . Swisher , Curtis Granderson , Russell Martin and Jeter homered off Franklin Morales ( 3 - 4 ) , and Swisher added another solo shot in the seventh	True
Nick Swisher connected twice as the Yankees won for the eighth time in 10 games . Swisher , Curtis Granderson , Russell Martin and Jeter homered off Franklin Morales ( 3 - 4 ) , and Swisher added another solo shot in the seventh against Clayton Mortensen . Jeter 's homer gave the Yankees 10 players with 10 or more this season , tying the club record set in 1998 , and gave him double digits for the 16th time . Swisher homered in the first	True
Nick Swisher connected twice as the Yankees won for the eighth time in 10 games . Swisher , Curtis Granderson , Russell Martin and Jeter homered off Franklin Morales ( 3 - 4 ) , and Swisher added another solo shot in the seventh against Clayton Mortensen . Jeter 's homer gave the Yankees 10 players with 10 or more this season , tying the club record set in 1998 , and gave him double digits for the 16th time . Swisher homered in the first , and Granderson and Martin connected during a three - pitch span in the second	True
Hughes had a curious outing , retiring 19 of 21 batters not counting the third inning . Throwing more changeups than he had in any four - five starts combined the rest of the year , he allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . Play turned as sloppy as the field in the third	True
Play turned as sloppy as the field in the third . Mike Aviles singled and Hughes threw Scott Podsednik 's potential double-play comebacker into center for an error that left runners at the corners . Pedro Ciriaco hit an RBI grounder , Jacoby Ellsbury walked and , with two outs , Pedroia hit a no-doubt drive to left -- on his 29th birthday . David Robertson pitched the eighth	True
Morales gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . He also allowed four home runs against the Yankees on July 7 -- making him the first pitcher to allow four to them twice in a year since Ted Lyons of the Chicago White Sox in 1937 . But he has given up just three homers to other teams this season . Swisher homered in the first	True
Swisher homered in the first , and Granderson and Martin combined for a three - run lead . Jayson Nix was at the plate when the lightning flashed , prompting the grounds crew to work on the mound as rain fell . Jeter 's homer tied it in the fifth	True
Swisher homered in the first , and Granderson and Martin combined for a three - run lead . Jayson Nix was at the plate when the lightning flashed , prompting the grounds crew to work on the mound as rain fell . Jeter 's homer tied it in the fifth , and the Yankees went ahead in the sixth	False
The Reds had six extra-base hits in five innings against streaky former teammate Travis Wood ( 4 - 9 ) , who has lost his last six decisions after winning four straight starts . Luis Valbuena led off the second	True
Luis Valbuena led off the second with his fourth homer of the season and first since June 29 against Houston . His 418-foot fly into the right-center field seats gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning when Frazier scored from second	False
The Reds tied it in the bottom of the inning when Frazier scored from second on Wood 's error as he tried to handle first baseman Anthony Rizzo 's throw on Ryan Hanigan 's grounder . Chicago capitalized on another Reds fielding misplay to take a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Chicago capitalized on another Reds fielding misplay to take a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . After Castro led off with a single and Valbuena flied out , Brett Jackson hit a line drive to second baseman Brandon Phillips that got away from him after he appeared to be distracted by the passing Castro . Castro went to third	False
Chicago capitalized on another Reds fielding misplay to take a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth . After Castro led off with a single and Valbuena flied out , Brett Jackson hit a line drive to second baseman Brandon Phillips that got away from him after he appeared to be distracted by the passing Castro . Castro went to third on what was ruled a single and scored on a wild pitch to Steve Clevenger , who then walked . Wood drove Jackson in from second	False
Friday 's Wood obviously was n't the same as last Sunday 's , Cubs manager Dale Sveum said . Bruce hit Wood 's 0 - 1 pitch 411 feet into the right-field seats with one out in the fifth	True
Eric Young Jr. and Josh Rutledge had a hit and an RBI apiece for the Rockies , who won their fourth straight game . Rafael Betancourt tossed a perfect ninth	True
Six of Nolasco 's strikeouts came in the first 3 1/3 innings , before the Rockies made an adjustment that helped them rally late . The Rockies got to Nolasco in the sixth	True
The Rockies got to Nolasco in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez reached on a one - out bunt single to bring up Cuddyer . Cuddyer had struck out on balls in the dirt in his first two at-bats . This time he crushed Nolasco 's 82 mph slider into the left-field seats to erase a 3 - 1 deficit in the sixth	True
Cuddyer had struck out on balls in the dirt in his first two at-bats . This time he crushed Nolasco 's 82 mph slider into the left-field seats to erase a 3 - 1 deficit in the sixth . It was his 16th homer of the season . Colorado then went ahead in the seventh	True
Colorado then went ahead in the seventh . LeMahieu led off with a single and scored on a triple to right by pinch hitter Rutledge . Young came to the plate guessing manager Jim Tracy would have him lay down a squeeze with the speedy Rutledge on third	False
Adam Ottavino ( 4 - 1 ) earned the win in relief of starter Alex White . The Marlins scored first	False
Adam Ottavino ( 4 - 1 ) earned the win in relief of starter Alex White . The Marlins scored first on Lee 's leadoff homer in the second inning , his seventh	False
The Marlins scored first on Lee 's leadoff homer in the second inning , his seventh of the season . The Rockies tied it in the bottom half when LeMahieu tripled with two outs and scored on a wild pitch . Miami went back ahead in the fourth	True
The Marlins scored first on Lee 's leadoff homer in the second inning , his seventh of the season . The Rockies tied it in the bottom half when LeMahieu tripled with two outs and scored on a wild pitch . Miami went back ahead in the fourth when Lee walked , went to third	False
Miami went back ahead in the fourth when Lee walked , went to third on Greg Dobbs ' single and scored on a wild pitch . Stanton made it 3 - 1 with a leadoff homer off Ottavino in the sixth	True
Two outs later , Bay hit a grounder up the middle that second baseman Brandon Phillips backhanded and threw over Todd Frazier 's head at first base for an infield hit and a throwing error . Kelly Shoppach , making his first appearance with the Mets , was intentionally walked to get to Harvey . The big right-hander then hit a two - run double to deep left-center field that produced his first career RBIs . The error was Phillips ' first	False
Bailey ( 10 - 8 ) allowed eight hits and six runs ( four earned ) , with three walks , a wild pitch and six strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . The Reds broke up Harvey 's shutout with doubles by Phillips and Jay Bruce in the seventh	True
The Reds broke up Harvey 's shutout with doubles by Phillips and Jay Bruce in the seventh . Davis added an RBI double in the ninth	False
Davis added an RBI double in the ninth , and the Mets tacked on another run on Zack Cozart 's error . Ryan Ludwick led off the ninth	True
Matt Kemp added two hits and two runs , James Loney went 2 for 5 with a run and an RBI and Andre Ethier had two runs and two RBIs for Los Angeles , which matched its highest-scoring game of the season . Shawn Tolleson worked a perfect ninth	True
Auditioning for a spot in the starting rotation during the stretch drive , Correia gave up five earned runs and seven hits in six innings . Only four hits off Correia left the infield . Shane Victorino had an RBI grounder in the third	True
Auditioning for a spot in the starting rotation during the stretch drive , Correia gave up five earned runs and seven hits in six innings . Only four hits off Correia left the infield . Shane Victorino had an RBI grounder in the third , and the Dodgers loaded the bases without hitting a ball to the outfield to begin a three - run fourth	True
Kemp scored on Loney 's groundout , and Ethier and Ramirez were driven in by a line-drive single by Cruz -- the only ball of the inning to leave the infield . The NL West-leading Dodgers added two runs in the sixth	True
Correia had won each of his past six starts . The Dodgers turned it into a rout in the ninth	True
Cabrera got his 100th RBI with a seventh-inning single off Casey Fien , becoming the third player in Tigers history to collect at least 100 RBIs in five or more consecutive seasons . Harry Heilmann did it in seven straight seasons ( 1923 - 29 ) , and Charlie Gehringer did so in five straight ( 1932 - 36 ) . Cabrera added an RBI double in the ninth	True
In seven starts since the All-Star break , the right-hander is 5 - 1 with a 1.52 ERA and 48 strikeouts . Last year , Fister was 8 - 1 down the stretch for the Tigers after being acquired in a trade with Seattle . Other than an inning in which two errors led to all of Minnesota 's runs , Fister retired 21 of 26 , including Joe Mauer and Willingham to start the eighth	True
The Tigers ' offense gave Fister plenty of early support . Jhonny Peralta had a two - run single in the first	True
The Tigers ' offense gave Fister plenty of early support . Jhonny Peralta had a two - run single in the first . Gerald Laird had an RBI triple in the second	True
Fiers ( 6 - 5 ) showed none of that sharpness in losing for the first time since July 22 . He went into the game 2 - 0 with a 1.93 ERA in August but was hit hard early . The Rockies started the game with three consecutive hits and took a 3 - 0 lead . They tacked on another run in the second	True
Fiers ( 6 - 5 ) showed none of that sharpness in losing for the first time since July 22 . He went into the game 2 - 0 with a 1.93 ERA in August but was hit hard early . The Rockies started the game with three consecutive hits and took a 3 - 0 lead . They tacked on another run in the second before blowing it open in a four - run third	True
Roenicke chalked up Fiers ' start to a bad night . The Brewers got one back in the fourth	True
Roenicke chalked up Fiers ' start to a bad night . The Brewers got one back in the fourth on Corey Hart 's RBI grounder . Gomez hit a two - run homer -- his 11th -- in the sixth	True
Two of his hits were against Fiers , who is a familiar foe . Weeks hit a three - run home run off Will Harris in the ninth	True
Two of his hits were against Fiers , who is a familiar foe . Weeks hit a three - run home run off Will Harris in the ninth . It was his 13th	False
Matt Joyce hit a two - run homer and a two - run double , Jose Molina drove in three runs , and the Rays beat the Minnesota Twins 12 - 6 on Friday night to keep pace in the crowded American League wild card race with their ninth win in 12 games . Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 7 ) won for the third time in four starts despite lasting only five innings . He had an 8 - 1 lead after a six - run second	True
Longoria drove in a run with a second-inning single , giving him four RBIs in four games since coming back from his 85-game absence caused by a partially torn left hamstring . Maddon spoke before the game about the boost Longoria has given to the team 's spirit just by being in the lineup , and the Rays improved to 19 - 8 this season when he is . The Twins had won nine of 13 , but rookie Cole De Vries ( 2 - 3 ) was roughed up from the first pitch . Desmond Jennings hit the first	False
Ben Zobrist , playing shortstop for the second straight game , was the only starter without a hit . He grounded into three double plays , tying the franchise record set by Javier Valentin in 2003 . But he made two slick pick-ups of ground balls up the middle , including one that ended the first inning with Josh Willingham on first	False
Hellickson finished at least six innings in all five of his July starts , but he has totaled only nine innings in two August turns . Still , with the large early lead he breezed to another victory , despite allowing seven hits and three runs with two walks and three strikeouts . Jeff Manship relieved De Vries and retired 11 straight batters until stumbling during a four - run sixth	True
Ramirez had three hits and drove in two runs playing for the first time against the team that traded him last month , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat Miami 5 - 2 on Friday night . Ramirez , who spent seven seasons with the Marlins before being dealt away July 26 , shrugged off boos from the crowd and broke a tie in the sixth inning with an RBI single . He added a 40-foot single with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
The 2009 NL batting champion hit only .246 this year for the Marlins . He 's batting .259 in 15 games with the Dodgers . Kershaw gave up two runs in 6 1/3 innings to win his third consecutive start for the Dodgers . Kenley Jansen allowed two baserunners in the ninth	True
One section of the ballpark began a derisive chant of his name , but it did n't catch on with the rest of the crowd of 28,130 . The Dodgers , embarking on a 10-game trip , rallied from a 1 - 0 deficit with four runs in the sixth	True
One section of the ballpark began a derisive chant of his name , but it did n't catch on with the rest of the crowd of 28,130 . The Dodgers , embarking on a 10-game trip , rallied from a 1 - 0 deficit with four runs in the sixth . Shane Victorino led off with a double , took third	False
The Dodgers , embarking on a 10-game trip , rallied from a 1 - 0 deficit with four runs in the sixth . Shane Victorino led off with a double , took third on a sacrifice and scored on Matt Kemp 's double . Ramirez followed with an RBI single , and Rivera hit his sixth homer . The Marlins intentionally walked Kemp to load the bases with two out in the seventh	True
The left-hander then retired the next 14 batters . The Dodgers led 4 - 1 in the sixth	True
The Dodgers led 4 - 1 in the sixth when Ramirez was slow fielding a grounder on a play scored as a fielder 's choice . That loaded the bases with none out , but Kershaw escaped while allowing only one run , on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Lee . Miami left the bases loaded in the seventh	False
Butler finished with three RBIs and scored three runs , and Alex Gordon homered and had three hits to help Kansas City end the Orioles ' five - game winning streak and take the luster off Manny Machado 's impressive major league debut . Butler homered in a four - run first inning , doubled in the third	True
Butler finished with three RBIs and scored three runs , and Alex Gordon homered and had three hits to help Kansas City end the Orioles ' five - game winning streak and take the luster off Manny Machado 's impressive major league debut . Butler homered in a four - run first inning , doubled in the third and tripled in the fifth	False
Butler finished with three RBIs and scored three runs , and Alex Gordon homered and had three hits to help Kansas City end the Orioles ' five - game winning streak and take the luster off Manny Machado 's impressive major league debut . Butler homered in a four - run first inning , doubled in the third and tripled in the fifth . Vying to become the first Kansas City player to hit for the cycle since George Brett in 1990 , Butler struck out against Matt Lindstrom in the seventh	True
Butler finished with three RBIs and scored three runs , and Alex Gordon homered and had three hits to help Kansas City end the Orioles ' five - game winning streak and take the luster off Manny Machado 's impressive major league debut . Butler homered in a four - run first inning , doubled in the third and tripled in the fifth . Vying to become the first Kansas City player to hit for the cycle since George Brett in 1990 , Butler struck out against Matt Lindstrom in the seventh and submariner Darren O'Day in the ninth	False
Butler is 11 for 24 ( .458 ) with three homers and five RBIs in six games against Baltimore this season . Machado , the third overall pick in the 2010 draft , went 2 for 4 and played flawlessly at third base in his first game above the Double-A level . The 20-year-old grounded out in the second inning , tripled in the fifth	True
Butler is 11 for 24 ( .458 ) with three homers and five RBIs in six games against Baltimore this season . Machado , the third overall pick in the 2010 draft , went 2 for 4 and played flawlessly at third base in his first game above the Double-A level . The 20-year-old grounded out in the second inning , tripled in the fifth , beat out a slow roller to second base in the seventh	True
In the second inning , Machado received a warm ovation from the crowd of 21,226 before his first at-bat . With two on and two outs , he hit a chopper to Escobar and was thrown out by a step . The Royals used doubles by Butler , Mike Moustakas and Jeff Francoeur to make it 6 - 0 in the third	True
The Royals used doubles by Butler , Mike Moustakas and Jeff Francoeur to make it 6 - 0 in the third . Moustakas was 2 for 27 lifetime against Baltimore before his run-scoring hit . Chen 's night ended in the fifth	True
Chen 's night ended in the fifth , when Butler tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Salvador Perez . In the bottom half , Machado tripled and scored on a fly ball by Nick Markakis to make it 7 - 1 . Escobar hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Solo home runs by Mike Moustakas and Salvador Perez provided all the runs for Kansas City . Greg Holland gave up a run-scoring single in the bottom of the ninth	False
Kansas City took two of three in the series . Chicago had won its past four series and five straight at home . Kansas City took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Kansas City took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Moustakas ' 17th home run of the season . With two outs , the third baseman lined Quintana 's first pitch deep in to the seats in right . Perez made it 2 - 0 with a two - out homer to right on a 2 - 0 pitch from Quintana . The home run was his sixth	False
Perez made it 2 - 0 with a two - out homer to right on a 2 - 0 pitch from Quintana . The home run was his sixth of the season . Chicago had a runner in scoring position in the third	True
Perez made it 2 - 0 with a two - out homer to right on a 2 - 0 pitch from Quintana . The home run was his sixth of the season . Chicago had a runner in scoring position in the third when Alejandro De Aza singled with two outs and reached second	False
Chicago had a runner in scoring position in the third when Alejandro De Aza singled with two outs and reached second on an errant pickoff throw from Perez to first baseman Eric Hosmer . But Gordon Beckham ended the inning with a fly to right . The Royals tried to pad the lead in the sixth	True
Chicago had a runner in scoring position in the third when Alejandro De Aza singled with two outs and reached second on an errant pickoff throw from Perez to first baseman Eric Hosmer . But Gordon Beckham ended the inning with a fly to right . The Royals tried to pad the lead in the sixth with runners on first	False
Chicago had a runner in scoring position in the third when Alejandro De Aza singled with two outs and reached second on an errant pickoff throw from Perez to first baseman Eric Hosmer . But Gordon Beckham ended the inning with a fly to right . The Royals tried to pad the lead in the sixth with runners on first and second	False
The left-handed Quintana had four straight no-decisions entering Wednesday . He last won on July 5 , a 2 - 1 victory over Texas where he surrendered one earned run while striking out eight and walking just one . White Sox reliever Jesse Crain worked the eighth	True
The left-handed Quintana had four straight no-decisions entering Wednesday . He last won on July 5 , a 2 - 1 victory over Texas where he surrendered one earned run while striking out eight and walking just one . White Sox reliever Jesse Crain worked the eighth while Brett Myers pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The left-handed Quintana had four straight no-decisions entering Wednesday . He last won on July 5 , a 2 - 1 victory over Texas where he surrendered one earned run while striking out eight and walking just one . White Sox reliever Jesse Crain worked the eighth while Brett Myers pitched a scoreless ninth . In the ninth	True
Michael Morse was 0 for 4 when he doubled to start the 12th inning and extend his career-high hitting streak to 16 games . He was replaced by pinch runner Cesar Izturis , who was making his first appearance for Washington after being claimed off waivers from Milwaukee on Monday . Bernadina advanced Izturis to third	False
Bernadina advanced Izturis to third with a sacrifice bunt . Espinosa 's sharp grounder off Mickey Storey ( 0 - 1 ) skipped past the pitcher for a hit that brought Izturis home and gave the Nationals their second straight extra-inning win over Houston . Houston 's Steve Pearce singled off Tyler Clippard in the 12th	True
The loss dropped the Astros to 0 - 11 in extra-inning games this season . Washington beat them 5 - 4 in 11 innings on Monday . Bernadina said he had the same feeling when he made the catch that he did when he scored the go-ahead run from first	False
For the Astros , who have baseball 's worst record , it was another difficult game in a season full of them . Washington pinch hitter Chad Tracy doubled with two outs in the 10th	True
Washington pinch hitter Chad Tracy doubled with two outs in the 10th for the only hit by either team in the first two extra innings . Drew Storen ( 1 - 0 ) retired the last two hitters in the 11th	False
Johnson raved about the performance of his bullpen over the last two games , but hopes the group will get a break soon . Pearce drew a two - out walk in the ninth	True
Johnson raved about the performance of his bullpen over the last two games , but hopes the group will get a break soon . Pearce drew a two - out walk in the ninth before Ryan Mattheus intentionally walked pinch-hitter Scott Moore , but pinch-hitter Brian Bogusevic grounded out to send the game to the 10th	True
Pearce drew a two - out walk in the ninth before Ryan Mattheus intentionally walked pinch-hitter Scott Moore , but pinch-hitter Brian Bogusevic grounded out to send the game to the 10th . Ben Francisco gave Houston an early lead with a two - run homer off Ross Detwiler to the Crawford Boxes in left field in the first inning . The lead was short-lived as Espinosa tied it at 2-all with his two - run shot to right field off Jordan Lyles in the second	True
Detwiler allowed three hits and two runs with two strikeouts in seven innings . Jose Altuve recorded Houston 's first hit since the fourth inning with a two - out single in the eighth	True
Jose Altuve recorded Houston 's first hit since the fourth inning with a two - out single in the eighth . He stole second base , but the Astros came away empty when Mike Gonzalez retired Marwin Gonzalez . Lyles was equally effective , retiring the next nine batters he faced after the homer . Jesus Flores broke the streak with a double with two outs in the fifth	True
Lyles was equally effective , retiring the next nine batters he faced after the homer . Jesus Flores broke the streak with a double with two outs in the fifth . Lyles walked a batter in the sixth	True
Lyles was equally effective , retiring the next nine batters he faced after the homer . Jesus Flores broke the streak with a double with two outs in the fifth . Lyles walked a batter in the sixth and seventh innings , but did n't give up another hit until he was chased by a single by pinch-hitter Jayson Werth to start the eighth	True
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals admit that they are scoreboard watching , and while trailing by two runs in the eighth inning , they noticed that the Atlanta Braves had lost . Thanks to a drop of an easy toss to first	False
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals admit that they are scoreboard watching , and while trailing by two runs in the eighth inning , they noticed that the Atlanta Braves had lost . Thanks to a drop of an easy toss to first by Miami reliever Mike Dunn , the Nationals rallied for six runs in the eighth	True
Washington stretched their lead in the NL East to three games over the Braves . In the eighth	True
`` They took advantage of every mistake we made . They stole a bunch of runs . It was n't looking good . That was a huge inning . '' Washington trailed 6 - 4 heading into the eighth	True
Dunn also said that he regularly practices the play . Ryan Mattheus ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Tyler Clippard allowed a run in the ninth	True
Jordan Zimmermann started for Washington and allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in five innings . The Marlins broke a 3 - 3 tie in the fifth	True
Jordan Zimmermann started for Washington and allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in five innings . The Marlins broke a 3 - 3 tie in the fifth . Bryan Petersen led off with a single off Zimmermann , moved to second	False
Jordan Zimmermann started for Washington and allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in five innings . The Marlins broke a 3 - 3 tie in the fifth . Bryan Petersen led off with a single off Zimmermann , moved to second on Scott Cousins ' sacrifice , and scored when Espinosa fielded Reyes ' infield single and threw it away . Reyes stole second	False
Buehrle allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . Miami scored an unearned run in the seventh	True
Buehrle allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . Miami scored an unearned run in the seventh when Reyes led off with a walk , stole second	False
Buehrle allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out two . Miami scored an unearned run in the seventh when Reyes led off with a walk , stole second , moved to third	False
Halladay ( 5 - 6 ) allowed just four runners and struck out five to earn his first win since May 17 . The two - time Cy Young Award winner was winless in his previous five starts , including three after returning from a two - month stint on the disabled list . Josh Lindblom had two strikeouts in the eighth	True
Kratz filled in nicely for Ruiz , however . He drove a 2 - 0 pitch out to left for his fourth homer in just 24 at-bats to give the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He drove a 2 - 0 pitch out to left for his fourth homer in just 24 at-bats to give the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Kratz came up with the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Then Kratz showed off his arm . From his knees , he threw out Gerardo Parra trying to steal second	False
Then Kratz showed off his arm . From his knees , he threw out Gerardo Parra trying to steal second to end the top of the eighth	True
With the Phillies seemingly going nowhere this season , there 's been talk that Halladay would be shut down early to rest for 2013 . He wants none of that . Brown gave the Phillies an insurance run with a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Kendrick gave up three runs -- two earned -- and five hits in four innings . Upton crushed one way out to left in the second	True
Upton crushed one way out to left in the second to give the Diamondbacks a 1 - 0 lead and end Kendrick 's career-best , 22-inning scoreless streak . Upton preserved a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Upton preserved a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth by throwing out the tying run at the plate . Kubel hit his 23rd homer of the season off Josh Lindblom in the ninth	True
Kubel hit his 23rd homer of the season off Josh Lindblom in the ninth . A sacrifice fly by Paul Goldschmidt made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Utley drove a 3 - 2 pitch out to right to get the Phillies within 3 - 1 in the bottom half . Kennedy had control issues in the fifth	True
Kennedy had control issues in the fifth . He loaded the bases by hitting one batter and walking two . Nate Schierholtz hit a sacrifice fly to cut it to 3 - 2 . The Phillies appeared to tie it in the sixth	True
The Reds have won 14 of 15 and moved 24 games over .500 for the first time since 1999 . They are 15 - 3 since All-Star first baseman Joey Votto left the lineup with a torn meniscus in his left knee that required surgery and 3 - 0 since second baseman Brandon Phillips was sidelined with a strained left calf . Phillips is expected to start Saturday , Baker said . Latos ( 10 - 3 ) allowed four hits in 7 1/3 innings . Jonathan Broxton got a key double play to end the eighth	True
Latos ( 10 - 3 ) allowed four hits in 7 1/3 innings . Jonathan Broxton got a key double play to end the eighth and Chapman recorded his 24th save . Latos hit his third career home run , connecting in the fifth	True
Latos hit his third career home run , connecting in the fifth against Wandy Rodriguez ( 7 - 10 ) . Zack Cozart added three hits for the Reds . The series was Cincinnati 's first	False
Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle already had seen enough of Latos before Friday . Broxton entered with runners on first	False
Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle already had seen enough of Latos before Friday . Broxton entered with runners on first and second	False
Broxton entered with runners on first and second . The newly acquired reliever got pinch hitter Gaby Sanchez -- acquired from Miami right before Tuesday 's trading deadline -- to ground into Pittsburgh 's third double play of the night . Chapman struck out two in the ninth	True
Chapman struck out two in the ninth . He hit Andrew McCutchen with a pitch with two outs . The Reds already led 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
Rodriguez , acquired by Pittsburgh from Houston for three minor leaguers on July 24 , has lost his last four decisions and is 0 - 1 in two starts with the Pirates . He allowed seven hits and three runs with no walks and four strikeouts . Heisey put the Reds ahead in the second	True
Heisey put the Reds ahead in the second when he lofted a drive to deep left field that eluded Starling Marte 's attempt at a leaping catch . The ball glanced off the wall and rolled toward left-center field , and Heisey was waved home by third base coach Mark Berry and just beat the relay to the plate . The inside-the-park homer was Cincinnati 's second	False
Heisey put the Reds ahead in the second when he lofted a drive to deep left field that eluded Starling Marte 's attempt at a leaping catch . The ball glanced off the wall and rolled toward left-center field , and Heisey was waved home by third base coach Mark Berry and just beat the relay to the plate . The inside-the-park homer was Cincinnati 's second of the season and the second	False
Royals starter Luke Hochevar ( 8 - 16 ) was tagged for nine runs over 4 2/3 innings . Lou Marson 's two - out RBI single put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
Lou Marson 's two - out RBI single put Cleveland ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Cleveland broke it open in the fifth	True
Hochevar dropped to 1 - 7 in 11 starts since beating the Indians on July 31 . The right-hander gave up nine hits and three walks in his final start of a wildly inconsistent season . In 21 outings , he had a 2.88 ERA . In 11 other starts , he lasted only a total of 48 innings and had a 13.88 ERA . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer , his 13th	False
Hochevar dropped to 1 - 7 in 11 starts since beating the Indians on July 31 . The right-hander gave up nine hits and three walks in his final start of a wildly inconsistent season . In 21 outings , he had a 2.88 ERA . In 11 other starts , he lasted only a total of 48 innings and had a 13.88 ERA . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer , his 13th , in the sixth	True
Hochevar dropped to 1 - 7 in 11 starts since beating the Indians on July 31 . The right-hander gave up nine hits and three walks in his final start of a wildly inconsistent season . In 21 outings , he had a 2.88 ERA . In 11 other starts , he lasted only a total of 48 innings and had a 13.88 ERA . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer , his 13th , in the sixth for Kansas City . Tony Abreu 's RBI single made it 11 - 3 in the seventh	False
Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer , his 13th , in the sixth for Kansas City . Tony Abreu 's RBI single made it 11 - 3 in the seventh . Matt LaPorta had a two - run double in the Indians ' seventh	True
Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer , his 13th , in the sixth for Kansas City . Tony Abreu 's RBI single made it 11 - 3 in the seventh . Matt LaPorta had a two - run double in the Indians ' seventh and Cord Phelps a bases-loaded RBI single in the eighth	False
The loss was the Rockies ' 96th , breaking the franchise record set in their inaugural 1993 season and equaled in 2005 . Blanton ( 10 - 13 ) scattered seven hits over six - plus innings , struck out six and walked none . The Rockies got only one runner as far as third base against the right-hander , who has only two victories in 10 starts with the Dodgers since he was acquired from Philadelphia on Aug. 3 -- including a 10 - 8 win over the Rockies on Aug. 29 at Coors Field . Ronald Belisario and Kenley Jansen each pitched a perfect inning and Brandon League did likewise in the ninth	True
Tyler Chatwood ( 5 - 6 ) threw 74 pitches over four innings , allowing two runs and five hits . The 22-year-old right-hander , who began his big league career down the freeway with the Angels last season , was 4 - 5 with a 4.88 ERA in his 12 starts with the Rockies this season , including an 8 - 4 home win over the Dodgers on Aug. 28 . Kemp led off the fourth	True
Tyler Chatwood ( 5 - 6 ) threw 74 pitches over four innings , allowing two runs and five hits . The 22-year-old right-hander , who began his big league career down the freeway with the Angels last season , was 4 - 5 with a 4.88 ERA in his 12 starts with the Rockies this season , including an 8 - 4 home win over the Dodgers on Aug. 28 . Kemp led off the fourth with a drive into the left field pavilion that traveled an estimated 461 feet . Hanley Ramirez singled one out later , stole second	False
Kemp led off the fourth with a drive into the left field pavilion that traveled an estimated 461 feet . Hanley Ramirez singled one out later , stole second and scored on a two - out single by A. J. Ellis -- his fifth consecutive game with at least one RBI after going 15 games and 44 at-bats without one . Kemp added his 22nd homer in the eighth	True
Kemp led off the fourth with a drive into the left field pavilion that traveled an estimated 461 feet . Hanley Ramirez singled one out later , stole second and scored on a two - out single by A. J. Ellis -- his fifth consecutive game with at least one RBI after going 15 games and 44 at-bats without one . Kemp added his 22nd homer in the eighth , an opposite-field drive to right against Josh Roenicke . It was his fifth career multihomer game and second	False
Kemp is batting .229 with five homers and 13 RBIs in 23 games since hurting his left shoulder crashing into the center field fence at Coors Field in consecutive games last month while trying to catch triples by Josh Rutledge and Tyler Colvin . Colorado manager Jim Tracy , using a patchwork lineup because of injuries to Colvin , Todd Helton , Troy Tulowitzki , Carlos Gonzalez , Jason Giambi , Dexter Fowler , Michael Cuddyer and Eric Young Jr. , had little to choose from on the bench to pinch-hit for Chatwood in the fifth	True
Kershaw , last season 's NL Cy Young winner , pitched on his regular five days ' rest after going 12 days between starts leading up to his previous start , against Cincinnati on Sept. 23 , because his hip was sore . Kershaw helped himself in the seventh	True
Kershaw , last season 's NL Cy Young winner , pitched on his regular five days ' rest after going 12 days between starts leading up to his previous start , against Cincinnati on Sept. 23 , because his hip was sore . Kershaw helped himself in the seventh , starting a double play when he turned around , fielded Andrew Brown 's comebacker between his legs with his back to the plate and fired to second	False
Kershaw , last season 's NL Cy Young winner , pitched on his regular five days ' rest after going 12 days between starts leading up to his previous start , against Cincinnati on Sept. 23 , because his hip was sore . Kershaw helped himself in the seventh , starting a double play when he turned around , fielded Andrew Brown 's comebacker between his legs with his back to the plate and fired to second for the first	False
Kershaw helped himself in the seventh , starting a double play when he turned around , fielded Andrew Brown 's comebacker between his legs with his back to the plate and fired to second for the first out . The Dodgers provided Kershaw with early run support , taking a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers provided Kershaw with early run support , taking a 4 - 0 lead in the second off Jeff Francis ( 5 - 7 ) . Andre Ethier 's RBI double scored the first run , and Victorino followed with his 11th homer . Los Angeles made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
Los Angeles made it 5 - 0 in the fourth when Ethier singled and scored on a double-play grounder by Kershaw . Bobby Abreu had his first career pinch-hit homer , a two - run shot off Will Harris with two outs in the eighth	True
The Rockies have collected 10 or more hits in eight consecutive games . They hit .305 at Coors Field this season to become the first team to hit more than .300 at home since the Yankees and Angels did it in 2007 . Matt Belisle allowed Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single in the Cubs ninth	True
Tracy might face some tough decisions next year after a handful of prospects took advantage of their chance to play the last six weeks . Thursday 's starting lineup featured six rookies and only one player -- Nelson -- who was in the opening-day lineup . Colorado jumped on Chris Volstad right away . Pacheco hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Tracy might face some tough decisions next year after a handful of prospects took advantage of their chance to play the last six weeks . Thursday 's starting lineup featured six rookies and only one player -- Nelson -- who was in the opening-day lineup . Colorado jumped on Chris Volstad right away . Pacheco hit a three - run homer in the first , LeMahieu had a two - run shot in the second	True
Tracy might face some tough decisions next year after a handful of prospects took advantage of their chance to play the last six weeks . Thursday 's starting lineup featured six rookies and only one player -- Nelson -- who was in the opening-day lineup . Colorado jumped on Chris Volstad right away . Pacheco hit a three - run homer in the first , LeMahieu had a two - run shot in the second and Nelson had an RBI single in the third	False
Colorado jumped on Chris Volstad right away . Pacheco hit a three - run homer in the first , LeMahieu had a two - run shot in the second and Nelson had an RBI single in the third as the Rockies built a 7 - 3 lead . The Cubs had a chance to tie the game in the ninth	True
Colorado jumped on Chris Volstad right away . Pacheco hit a three - run homer in the first , LeMahieu had a two - run shot in the second and Nelson had an RBI single in the third as the Rockies built a 7 - 3 lead . The Cubs had a chance to tie the game in the ninth . With runners on second	False
Colorado jumped on Chris Volstad right away . Pacheco hit a three - run homer in the first , LeMahieu had a two - run shot in the second and Nelson had an RBI single in the third as the Rockies built a 7 - 3 lead . The Cubs had a chance to tie the game in the ninth . With runners on second and third	False
Colorado jumped on Chris Volstad right away . Pacheco hit a three - run homer in the first , LeMahieu had a two - run shot in the second and Nelson had an RBI single in the third as the Rockies built a 7 - 3 lead . The Cubs had a chance to tie the game in the ninth . With runners on second and third , Starlin Castro and Josh Vitters struck out before Anthony Recker hit a grounder to shortstop Josh Rutledge , who threw a one - hopper to Pacheco at first	False
Jhoulys Chacin earned his first win since Sept. 1 . Chacin ( 3 - 5 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . Brett Jackson 's RBI single in the second	True
Nate McLouth hit a leadoff shot in the first inning , and Jim Thome and Mark Reynolds also homered . Baltimore has hit seven home runs three times , most recently on Aug. 26 , 1985 . Thome 's home run was the 612th of his career and the first	False
Beginning Friday , the Orioles have three games at home with Boston and three at Tampa Bay . The Orioles trailed 2 - 1 heading into the bottom of the fifth	True
The Orioles trailed 2 - 1 heading into the bottom of the fifth before hitting three home runs . Thome led off with his third homer since joining the Orioles . With two outs , Machado hit his fifth	False
Thome is 42 and Machado is 20 -- Thome 's major league career began 10 months before Machado was born . Davis hit his second home run in the seventh	True
Davis hit his second home run in the seventh . On Aug. 24 , he hit three home runs against the Blue Jays , also in a game started by Villanueva . He has 28 home runs . Reynolds hit his 23rd homer in the sixth	True
Davis hit his second home run in the seventh . On Aug. 24 , he hit three home runs against the Blue Jays , also in a game started by Villanueva . He has 28 home runs . Reynolds hit his 23rd homer in the sixth , and Machado added a two - run shot in the eighth	False
Reynolds hit his 23rd homer in the sixth , and Machado added a two - run shot in the eighth . Miguel Gonzalez ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He allowed Edwin Encarnacion 's 42nd home run with two outs in the top of the first	True
Miguel Gonzalez ( 8 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings . He allowed Edwin Encarnacion 's 42nd home run with two outs in the top of the first . With one out in the fifth	True
The 19-year-old Harper joined Tony Conigliaro as the only teenagers to reach 20 homers in big league history . Harper was more excited about Werth 's in-your-face two - run single in the ninth	True
Kendrick walked Werth on five pitches to start the game and Harper drove the first pitch he saw 411 feet to deep left-center for a 2 - 0 lead . Harper matched the feat of Conigliaro , who hit 24 home runs for the Boston Red Sox in 1964 . Desmond connected leading off the second	True
Desmond connected leading off the second , hitting his 25th homer way out to left-center to make it 3 - 0 . Steve Lombardozzi then reached on second baseman Chase Utley 's fielding error and Suzuki followed with a shot out to left to put the Nationals up 5 - 0 . Kevin Frandsen hit a one - out double in the third	True
Desmond connected leading off the second , hitting his 25th homer way out to left-center to make it 3 - 0 . Steve Lombardozzi then reached on second baseman Chase Utley 's fielding error and Suzuki followed with a shot out to left to put the Nationals up 5 - 0 . Kevin Frandsen hit a one - out double in the third to get the Phillies going . He scored when Suzuki threw wild to third	False
Lannan then pitched out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam by striking out Ryan Howard and retiring Carlos Ruiz on a grounder to the mound . Frandsen hit a two - out triple in the fourth	True
Frandsen hit a two - out triple in the fourth and scored on Rosenberg 's single up the middle in his first official at-bat in the majors . Rollins hit his team-leading 23rd homer off Ryan Mattheus in the seventh	True
Rollins hit his team-leading 23rd homer off Ryan Mattheus in the seventh . Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly off former closer Tyler Clippard cut it to 5 - 4 in the eighth	False
Rollins hit his team-leading 23rd homer off Ryan Mattheus in the seventh . Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly off former closer Tyler Clippard cut it to 5 - 4 in the eighth . Clippard fanned Frandsen to leave the tying run on third	False
The Orioles beat Toronto 12 - 2 on Wednesday night . The Yankees visit the Blue Jays for four games starting Thursday . Baltimore , after an off day , plays Boston at home this weekend . Sabathia will pitch again next week when the Yankees host the Red Sox . Sabathia ( 14 - 6 ) threw 89 of his 118 pitches for strikes , including three straight to Twins All-Star Joe Mauer for the second	True
Robinson Cano hit a two - run double and Curtis Granderson added a two - run triple during a six - run third inning against Brian Duensing ( 4 - 11 ) , and Sabathia took care of the rest . The burly lefty gave up six hits , two runs and one walk . Sabathia improved to 10 - 0 with a 1.96 ERA in his last 11 appearances against the Twins , including the 2009 and 2010 postseason . He threw eight scoreless innings in his last start against Oakland , striking out 11 , but did n't get the victory because the Yankees won in the 10th	True
Sabathia improved to 10 - 0 with a 1.96 ERA in his last 11 appearances against the Twins , including the 2009 and 2010 postseason . He threw eight scoreless innings in his last start against Oakland , striking out 11 , but did n't get the victory because the Yankees won in the 10th . Matt Carson and Pedro Florimon had RBI singles , but that was about the only solid contact Sabathia allowed . Chris Dickerson also hit a two - run homer for the Yankees , who lost to the Twins on Tuesday night and played without third baseman Alex Rodriguez , who has a bruised left foot . Derek Jeter 's 19-game hitting streak ended with an 0 - for - 4 afternoon , but he walked and scored in the third	True
The Yankees enjoyed a tension-free afternoon while winning for the 12th time in their last 16 games . Even the bad plays turned out all right . Granderson was picked off first base in the second inning , but he scored on a wild pitch in the third	True
Granderson was picked off first base in the second inning , but he scored on a wild pitch in the third . Eric Chavez , thinking there were two outs instead of one in the fifth inning , casually fielded a grounder at third	False
Eric Chavez , thinking there were two outs instead of one in the fifth inning , casually fielded a grounder at third and stepped on the base for the force as he jogged toward the dugout before stopping and realizing his mistake . Sabathia shouted assurance to Chavez , whose embarrassed `` oops '' expression was frozen on the jumbo video screen above left-center field to the crowd 's amusement . But after a passed ball by Chris Stewart put runners at second	False
Eric Chavez , thinking there were two outs instead of one in the fifth inning , casually fielded a grounder at third and stepped on the base for the force as he jogged toward the dugout before stopping and realizing his mistake . Sabathia shouted assurance to Chavez , whose embarrassed `` oops '' expression was frozen on the jumbo video screen above left-center field to the crowd 's amusement . But after a passed ball by Chris Stewart put runners at second and third	False
Eric Chavez , thinking there were two outs instead of one in the fifth inning , casually fielded a grounder at third and stepped on the base for the force as he jogged toward the dugout before stopping and realizing his mistake . Sabathia shouted assurance to Chavez , whose embarrassed `` oops '' expression was frozen on the jumbo video screen above left-center field to the crowd 's amusement . But after a passed ball by Chris Stewart put runners at second and third and threatened to exploit Chavez 's blunder , Sabathia calmly retired Denard Span on a groundout to first	False
But after a passed ball by Chris Stewart put runners at second and third and threatened to exploit Chavez 's blunder , Sabathia calmly retired Denard Span on a groundout to first to keep the lead at 6 - 1 . If Chavez had tried to turn the double play , he might 've only got one out anyway , Girardi said , which would 've led to a run on the passed ball . After a leadoff double by Raul Ibanez in the sixth	True
A ninth-inning rally fizzled , Josh Beckett lost for the third time in six starts with the Dodgers and the San Diego Padres used two big defensive plays to beat Los Angeles 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . With one run in and runners on the corners with one out in the ninth	True
Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was frustrated because `` again , we do n't really do enough to win the game . '' The Padres scratched out two runs against Beckett ( 1 - 3 ) and made two nice defensive plays . Left fielder Chris Denorfia threw out Shane Victorino at the plate in the second inning , and third baseman Chase Headley made a heads-up play that helped erase Kemp in the sixth	True
The Padres scratched out two runs against Beckett ( 1 - 3 ) and made two nice defensive plays . Left fielder Chris Denorfia threw out Shane Victorino at the plate in the second inning , and third baseman Chase Headley made a heads-up play that helped erase Kemp in the sixth , when the Dodgers failed to score after loading the bases with two outs . Street got in and out of trouble in the ninth	True
Street was making his second appearance since coming off the disabled list . The benches emptied briefly after San Diego 's Everth Cabrera slid into second baseman Mark Ellis trying to break up a double play in the seventh	True
San Diego 's defense came up big . Victorino singled to right with one out in the second	True
San Diego 's defense came up big . Victorino singled to right with one out in the second , stole second	False
Victorino singled to right with one out in the second , stole second and tried to score on Luis Cruz 's single to left but was thrown out by Denorfia . In the sixth	True
Victorino singled to right with one out in the second , stole second and tried to score on Luis Cruz 's single to left but was thrown out by Denorfia . In the sixth , Kemp was hit by a pitch on the left arm by Edinson Volquez with one out and advanced on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to center . Headley ran in to bare-hand Hanley Ramirez 's high chopper . Seeing he had no play at first	False
Victorino singled to right with one out in the second , stole second and tried to score on Luis Cruz 's single to left but was thrown out by Denorfia . In the sixth , Kemp was hit by a pitch on the left arm by Edinson Volquez with one out and advanced on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to center . Headley ran in to bare-hand Hanley Ramirez 's high chopper . Seeing he had no play at first , Headley turned and threw to shortstop Cabrera , who came over to cover the bag . Kemp had turned for home , and Cabrera chased him down for the second	False
Victorino singled to right with one out in the second , stole second and tried to score on Luis Cruz 's single to left but was thrown out by Denorfia . In the sixth , Kemp was hit by a pitch on the left arm by Edinson Volquez with one out and advanced on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to center . Headley ran in to bare-hand Hanley Ramirez 's high chopper . Seeing he had no play at first , Headley turned and threw to shortstop Cabrera , who came over to cover the bag . Kemp had turned for home , and Cabrera chased him down for the second out . Victorino walked before Cruz forced him at second	False
Beckett , 0 - 6 in his past seven road starts , allowed two runs , one earned , and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out seven , and walked two . San Diego scored in the fourth	True
San Diego scored in the fourth and fifth innings , both after leadoff walks by Beckett . Logan Forsythe walked leading off the fourth	True
San Diego scored in the fourth and fifth innings , both after leadoff walks by Beckett . Logan Forsythe walked leading off the fourth and took third	False
Logan Forsythe walked leading off the fourth and took third on Headley 's single to center . Yasmani Grandal followed with an RBI groundout . Will Venable opened the fifth	True
Logan Forsythe walked leading off the fourth and took third on Headley 's single to center . Yasmani Grandal followed with an RBI groundout . Will Venable opened the fifth with a walk and stole second	False
Jason Kubel homered for the Diamondbacks , who have slim hopes of a late-season playoff push . Arizona fell 5 1/2 games behind St. Louis with nine remaining in the race for the second NL wild card . Tyler Colvin and Charlie Blackmon had two hits each for Colorado . Rafael Betancourt worked the ninth	True
The Rockies allowed at least four runs in eight games during their losing streak and three times gave up 10 or more . Chatwood ( 5 - 5 ) settled things down in the finale of this four - game series . He gave up three hits and two runs before three relievers combined to retire 10 of the final 12 Arizona batters . Betancourt set down his first two in the ninth	True
Trevor Cahill ( 12 - 12 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- on nine hits and struck out six in six innings . Colorado led 1 - 0 entering the fourth	True
Colvin scored on a groundout by Brown , and Nelson scored on DJ LeMahieu 's groundout to make it 3 - 2 . Brown hit a solo home run -- his fourth	False
Colvin scored on a groundout by Brown , and Nelson scored on DJ LeMahieu 's groundout to make it 3 - 2 . Brown hit a solo home run -- his fourth of the season -- in the eighth	True
Brown hit a solo home run -- his fourth of the season -- in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 . The Rockies got the first two on in the fifth	True
It paid off in the late innings . Trailing by one , the Diamondbacks rallied against reliever Matt Belisle ( 3 - 8 ) in the eighth	True
Hill fouled off two pitches before hitting an 86 mph slider into the left-field seats . Arizona tacked on three more in the ninth	True
Arizona tacked on three more in the ninth on Jake Elmore 's two - run single and A. J. Pollock 's RBI groundout . Colorado scored three runs off Takashi Saito in the bottom of the ninth	False
Colorado ( 58 - 94 ) is one loss shy of the club 's single-season record and needs to win five of its last 10 games to avoid the franchise 's first 100-loss season . The Rockies took a 4 - 3 lead against Ian Kennedy in the sixth	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 3 lead against Ian Kennedy in the sixth on Charlie Blackmon 's RBI single . Arizona took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Arizona took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on RBI singles by Cody Ransom and Nieves . Ryan Wheeler scored the second run while pinch running for Chris Johnson , who left the game with a bruise on his left hand after getting hit with a pitch from Francis . The Diamondbacks made it 3 - 0 when Wheeler drew a bases-loaded walk against Adam Ottavino in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks made it 3 - 0 when Wheeler drew a bases-loaded walk against Adam Ottavino in the fifth . Kennedy did n't allow a hit until Francis singled to lead off the third	True
The Diamondbacks made it 3 - 0 when Wheeler drew a bases-loaded walk against Adam Ottavino in the fifth . Kennedy did n't allow a hit until Francis singled to lead off the third . He held the Rockies in check until the fifth	True
Kennedy did n't allow a hit until Francis singled to lead off the third . He held the Rockies in check until the fifth when they rallied to tie it . Kennedy got the first	False
Kennedy got the first out of the inning before allowing five straight hits . Blackmon and Jordan Pacheco had RBI singles and Rosario made it 3-all with an RBI double . Chris Nelson and Tyler Colvin struck out with runners on second	False
Kennedy got the first out of the inning before allowing five straight hits . Blackmon and Jordan Pacheco had RBI singles and Rosario made it 3-all with an RBI double . Chris Nelson and Tyler Colvin struck out with runners on second and third	False
Butler said reaching 30 homers is not a big deal for him . Alcides Escobar doubled in Jarrod Dyson , then scored on Butler 's base hit to give Kansas City a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Royals rookie Will Smith ( 6 - 8 ) allowed two runs and eight hits in seven innings to improve to 2 - 4 with a 4.54 ERA in his last six starts . Kansas City scored three times in the fifth	True
Jimenez was charged with five runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander struck out three and walked three while dropping to 0 - 6 with a 6.49 ERA in his last eight starts . Jimenez leads the majors in losses and his 95 walks are second	False
Jimenez leads the majors in losses and his 95 walks are second in the AL . The Indians ' starters own a major league-worst 6.36 ERA since the All-Star break . Phelps , who was 1 for 18 since his Sept. 4 promotion , went deep in the fifth	True
Phelps , who was 1 for 18 since his Sept. 4 promotion , went deep in the fifth , tying it at 2 . He drove in Thomas Neal , who was aboard after a leadoff single . The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth	False
The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth after center fielder Jason Bourgeois committed an error . Pena led off the fourth	True
Pena led off the fourth with his first career triple in his 933rd plate appearance , but was stranded . Rookie Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth	True
Pena led off the fourth with his first career triple in his 933rd plate appearance , but was stranded . Rookie Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for his second save in three opportunities . Francoeur cut down Shin-Soo Choo trying to stretch a single in the ninth	True
The Rays won for only the fourth time in 11 games , but the three - game winning streak that has followed manager Joe Maddon 's decision to shut down batting practice and allow players to arrive at the ballpark a little later has revived the possibility of finishing strong and making the playoffs for the fourth time in five years . Maddon changed the pregame routine after his offense continued to sputter in losing Monday and Tuesday to begin a four - game series against Boston . After scoring 13 runs on Wednesday , the Rays used a six - run ninth	True
Luke Scott drove in four runs with a pair of doubles for the Rays , who trail the first-place Yankees by 6 games in the AL East . Zobrist hit a solo homer in the first	True
Luke Scott drove in four runs with a pair of doubles for the Rays , who trail the first-place Yankees by 6 games in the AL East . Zobrist hit a solo homer in the first and Molina had a two - run shot in the second	True
Added Maddon : `` A big part of our success more recently is we 're not expanding our strike zone . If we can continue to not expand our strike zone and force the pitcher over the plate , I think we can continue this upsurge . '' Rays pitchers began the night with 1,264 strikeouts , two shy of the 2001 Yankees . Shields struck out Brett Lawrie and Edwin Encarnacion in the first	True
Added Maddon : `` A big part of our success more recently is we 're not expanding our strike zone . If we can continue to not expand our strike zone and force the pitcher over the plate , I think we can continue this upsurge . '' Rays pitchers began the night with 1,264 strikeouts , two shy of the 2001 Yankees . Shields struck out Brett Lawrie and Edwin Encarnacion in the first , then got Arencibia swinging on a 2 - 2 pitch to begin the second	True
Toronto dropped to 66 - 81 , guaranteeing it will not have a winning record this season . With the score 1-all , Curtis Granderson was walked by Steve Delabar ( 4 - 3 ) to open the eighth	True
Toronto dropped to 66 - 81 , guaranteeing it will not have a winning record this season . With the score 1-all , Curtis Granderson was walked by Steve Delabar ( 4 - 3 ) to open the eighth . He moved up on Jayson Nix 's sacrifice and stole third	False
Cody Eppley ( 1 - 2 ) got one out for his first win since April 27 , 2011 , for Texas against Toronto . David Phelps followed Pettitte 's sparkling five - inning return to the mound from a broken lower left leg by pitching into the seventh	True
Romero remained tied for the Blue Jays record with 13 straight losses and walked five to up his AL-leading total to 99 . It was his third game in which he allowed one run and did n't win -- two no-decisions . Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI single in the second	True
Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI single in the second after Phelps walked was just the 24th run Toronto has scored in Romero 's last 13 starts . In the bottom half , Chris Stewart drove in a run with a double to left that bounced over the wall and prevented Suzuki from scoring from first	False
In the opener , Pettitte ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four hits in his first start since a hot shot off the bat of Cleveland 's Casey Kotchman broke his left fibula on June 27 . Pettitte struggled a bit with his command , walking two , but kept the Blue Jays from hitting the ball hard with a biting breaking ball . He put runners on in each of his first four innings and had a runner on third	False
In the opener , Pettitte ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four hits in his first start since a hot shot off the bat of Cleveland 's Casey Kotchman broke his left fibula on June 27 . Pettitte struggled a bit with his command , walking two , but kept the Blue Jays from hitting the ball hard with a biting breaking ball . He put runners on in each of his first four innings and had a runner on third in the second	True
In the opener , Pettitte ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four hits in his first start since a hot shot off the bat of Cleveland 's Casey Kotchman broke his left fibula on June 27 . Pettitte struggled a bit with his command , walking two , but kept the Blue Jays from hitting the ball hard with a biting breaking ball . He put runners on in each of his first four innings and had a runner on third in the second through fourth innings . But he got timely groundouts in the second	True
In the opener , Pettitte ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four hits in his first start since a hot shot off the bat of Cleveland 's Casey Kotchman broke his left fibula on June 27 . Pettitte struggled a bit with his command , walking two , but kept the Blue Jays from hitting the ball hard with a biting breaking ball . He put runners on in each of his first four innings and had a runner on third in the second through fourth innings . But he got timely groundouts in the second , third -- a double play -- and fourth	True
In the opener , Pettitte ( 4 - 3 ) gave up four hits in his first start since a hot shot off the bat of Cleveland 's Casey Kotchman broke his left fibula on June 27 . Pettitte struggled a bit with his command , walking two , but kept the Blue Jays from hitting the ball hard with a biting breaking ball . He put runners on in each of his first four innings and had a runner on third in the second through fourth innings . But he got timely groundouts in the second , third -- a double play -- and fourth to avoid trouble . Then had a six - pitch fifth	True
With the 40-year-old lefty on a 75-pitch limit , Girardi mixed and matched liberally , using six relievers . Clay Rapada , Derek Lowe , Joba Chamberlain and Boone Logan held Toronto scoreless through seven innings . Then Robertson gave up an RBI single to pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson and a run-scoring double to Omar Vziquel in the eighth	True
Clay Rapada , Derek Lowe , Joba Chamberlain and Boone Logan held Toronto scoreless through seven innings . Then Robertson gave up an RBI single to pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson and a run-scoring double to Omar Vziquel in the eighth . Soriano relieved with two outs and runners on second	False
Clay Rapada , Derek Lowe , Joba Chamberlain and Boone Logan held Toronto scoreless through seven innings . Then Robertson gave up an RBI single to pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson and a run-scoring double to Omar Vziquel in the eighth . Soriano relieved with two outs and runners on second and third	False
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Gavin Floyd is healthy again and hoping to help the Chicago White Sox get back to the playoffs . Floyd pitched seven crisp innings , Alex Rios hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh	True
`` I know what I'm doing , '' Ventura joked . `` He looked out of synch in Minnesota . '' Hochevar ( 8 - 14 ) , who is 1 - 5 in his last nine starts , allowed just one single the next four innings before Beckham led off the sixth	True
Hochevar ( 8 - 14 ) , who is 1 - 5 in his last nine starts , allowed just one single the next four innings before Beckham led off the sixth with his 16th home run . Beckham is hitting .333 with four home runs and 14 RBIs in his past 17 games . The White Sox upped their home run total to 198 , which ranks second	False
The White Sox upped their home run total to 198 , which ranks second in the majors . They have 13 homers in their past 14 road games . Rios ' 24th homer came with one out in the seventh	True
The Orioles ' success in extra-inning games might be one of the biggest factors keeping them in the playoff hunt . They have won 14 straight extra-inning games for the longest extra-inning win streak since the 1949 Cleveland Indians won 19 straight . Overall , the Orioles are 14 - 2 in extra-inning games this season , going 9 - 0 in them on the road . McLouth opened the 18th with a walk off Lucas Luetge ( 2 - 2 ) . With McLouth breaking toward second	True
The Orioles ' success in extra-inning games might be one of the biggest factors keeping them in the playoff hunt . They have won 14 straight extra-inning games for the longest extra-inning win streak since the 1949 Cleveland Indians won 19 straight . Overall , the Orioles are 14 - 2 in extra-inning games this season , going 9 - 0 in them on the road . McLouth opened the 18th with a walk off Lucas Luetge ( 2 - 2 ) . With McLouth breaking toward second , J. J. Hardy sent a single through the right-side hole . McLouth continued onto third	False
Orioles manager Buck Showalter added , `` that dugout was alive the whole time , the whole extra innings . '' The Orioles rallied in the ninth	True
Justin Smoak and Dustin Ackley each had three hits for the Mariners . It appeared that Chen would breeze through the fourth	True
It appeared that Chen would breeze through the fourth as the first two batters bounced out to the infield . Casper Wells then drew a walk on a 3 - 2 pitch . Miguel Olivo followed with his 11th home run on a 1 - 2 curve from Chen , who had started him with four straight fastballs . Ramirez retired the first nine batters before McLouth 's leadoff single in the fourth	True
It appeared that Chen would breeze through the fourth as the first two batters bounced out to the infield . Casper Wells then drew a walk on a 3 - 2 pitch . Miguel Olivo followed with his 11th home run on a 1 - 2 curve from Chen , who had started him with four straight fastballs . Ramirez retired the first nine batters before McLouth 's leadoff single in the fourth , just tipping off the glove of second baseman Ackley . Ramirez then retired the next eight straight before McLouth 's double to center in the sixth	False
Weeks hit a two - run homer to cap a five - run fourth inning and lift the Brewers to a 9 - 6 win over the New York Mets on Saturday night . Trailing 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Mets lost for the ninth time in 11 games . Weeks ' homer capped the inning and was his 20th of the season . He also had a double , scored two runs and drove in three . Reliever Brandon Kintzler ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless fifth	True
Mejia , who made his major-league debut in 2010 at the age of 20 , had control problems , walking five batters and throwing strikes in just 32 of his 68 pitches . He gave up five runs on six hits and five walks and was removed by manager Terry Collins after the first four Brewers reached base in the fourth inning . Daniel Murphy had a double and two singles for New York . Ike Davis hit a two - run homer , his 27th , in the ninth	True
Daniel Murphy had a double and two singles for New York . Ike Davis hit a two - run homer , his 27th , in the ninth for the Mets . With the Mets leading 4 - 1 , Mejia walked Nyjer Morgan to open the fourth	True
With the Mets leading 4 - 1 , Mejia walked Nyjer Morgan to open the fourth and Jean Segura reached on a bunt single . Pinch-hitter Logan Schafer lined a triple down the right field line to score both runners and bring the Brewers within 4 - 3 . Mejia then walked Aoki and was removed for Jeremy Hefner . The right-hander 's second pitch to Weeks bounced in front of the plate and got past catcher Kelly Shoppach for a wild pitch , scoring Schafer from third	False
Weeks then hit a 1 - 2 pitch that landed in the netting above the Brewers bullpen , giving Milwaukee a 6 - 4 lead . Pinch-hitter Travis Ishikawa hit an RBI triple in the fifth	True
Pinch-hitter Travis Ishikawa hit an RBI triple in the fifth to make it 7 - 4 . Aoki followed with an RBI single to extend the lead to 8 - 4 . Weeks ' two - out double scored Segura to make it 9 - 4 in the seventh	True
Milwaukee starter Shaun Marcum had another ineffective outing , giving up four runs on seven hits and two walks while striking out three in just four innings . In five starts after missing 10 weeks with right elbow soreness , Marcum is 0 - 1 with a 5.70 ERA . The Mets scored three runs in the fourth	True
Milwaukee starter Shaun Marcum had another ineffective outing , giving up four runs on seven hits and two walks while striking out three in just four innings . In five starts after missing 10 weeks with right elbow soreness , Marcum is 0 - 1 with a 5.70 ERA . The Mets scored three runs in the fourth on a squeeze bunt by Mejia to score Jordany Valdespin from third	False
Encarnacion 's shot gave him 102 RBIs , the first time he has topped 100 . Lind 's homer was a two - run shot to right in the first	True
Brad Lincoln and Aaron Loup each worked one inning of relief as Toronto avoided a sixth straight defeat to Seattle . Trailing 2 - 0 on Lind 's homer , the Mariners tied it in the second	True
Trailing 2 - 0 on Lind 's homer , the Mariners tied it in the second on Carlos Peguero 's two - run double over left fielder Rajai Davis . Brett Lawrie 's two - run single put the Blue Jays ahead in the fourth	True
Brett Lawrie 's two - run single put the Blue Jays ahead in the fourth , Colby Rasmus walked and Encarnacion followed with his homer . He moved one behind Texas slugger Josh Hamilton , who leads the major leagues with 41 homers . Jeff Mathis hit an RBI single off Carter Capps in the fifth	True
Brett Lawrie 's two - run single put the Blue Jays ahead in the fourth , Colby Rasmus walked and Encarnacion followed with his homer . He moved one behind Texas slugger Josh Hamilton , who leads the major leagues with 41 homers . Jeff Mathis hit an RBI single off Carter Capps in the fifth for an 8 - 2 lead , and Dustin Ackley hit a solo homer off Alvarez in the seventh	True
Jeff Mathis hit an RBI single off Carter Capps in the fifth for an 8 - 2 lead , and Dustin Ackley hit a solo homer off Alvarez in the seventh . Mathis matched a career high with the third fourth-hit game of his big league career , his second	False
The Orioles beat Tampa Bay 3 - 2 on Wednesday night , preserving the tie and dropping the Rays three games back in the division . Jeter had two hits to raise his batting average to .325 , which is third	False
The Orioles beat Tampa Bay 3 - 2 on Wednesday night , preserving the tie and dropping the Rays three games back in the division . Jeter had two hits to raise his batting average to .325 , which is third in the AL . With one out and runners on first	False
The Orioles beat Tampa Bay 3 - 2 on Wednesday night , preserving the tie and dropping the Rays three games back in the division . Jeter had two hits to raise his batting average to .325 , which is third in the AL . With one out and runners on first and third	False
The Orioles beat Tampa Bay 3 - 2 on Wednesday night , preserving the tie and dropping the Rays three games back in the division . Jeter had two hits to raise his batting average to .325 , which is third in the AL . With one out and runners on first and third in the eighth	True
Girardi described the injury as a bone bruise , but Jeter called it a sprained ankle before becoming even more vague . David Phelps ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run on five hits and a walk in 5 2/3 innings , striking out five . Rafael Soriano got four outs for his 37th save , but not before allowing a homer to Jarrod Saltalamacchia to lead off the ninth	True
David Phelps ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run on five hits and a walk in 5 2/3 innings , striking out five . Rafael Soriano got four outs for his 37th save , but not before allowing a homer to Jarrod Saltalamacchia to lead off the ninth , followed by a fly ball that left fielder Chris Dickerson caught at the base of the Green Monster . Mauro Gomez grounded out meekly to second base for the second	True
David Phelps ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run on five hits and a walk in 5 2/3 innings , striking out five . Rafael Soriano got four outs for his 37th save , but not before allowing a homer to Jarrod Saltalamacchia to lead off the ninth , followed by a fly ball that left fielder Chris Dickerson caught at the base of the Green Monster . Mauro Gomez grounded out meekly to second base for the second out , then Soriano misplayed Mike Aviles ' chopper to extend the game . But Ellsbury followed with another chopper and Soriano gloved it , throwing to first	False
In all , the Yankees have hit 34 homers in 14 games against the Red Sox this season . The Red Sox made it 5 - 3 in the bottom of the seventh	True
In all , the Yankees have hit 34 homers in 14 games against the Red Sox this season . The Red Sox made it 5 - 3 in the bottom of the seventh after back-to-back doubles by Saltalamacchia and Daniel Nava left runners on second	False
In all , the Yankees have hit 34 homers in 14 games against the Red Sox this season . The Red Sox made it 5 - 3 in the bottom of the seventh after back-to-back doubles by Saltalamacchia and Daniel Nava left runners on second and third	False
Cahill ( 11 - 11 ) scattered four hits , struck out seven and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . He also did not issue a free pass June 20 against Seattle . Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
After that , Luis Cruz 's two singles represented all the offense for the Dodgers over the final eight innings . Pitching with a 2 - 1 lead , Dodgers starter Aaron Harang issued consecutive two - out walks in the sixth	True
Harang ( 9 - 9 ) allowed four hits in 5 2/3 innings but walked four . David Hernandez pitched the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks have won 10 of the past 12 meetings between the clubs . Arizona starters are 9 - 0 with a 1.75 ERA in their past 12 games against the Dodgers . The Diamondbacks cut Los Angeles ' lead in half in the second	True
The Diamondbacks have won 10 of the past 12 meetings between the clubs . Arizona starters are 9 - 0 with a 1.75 ERA in their past 12 games against the Dodgers . The Diamondbacks cut Los Angeles ' lead in half in the second when Paul Goldschmidt singled , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks have won 10 of the past 12 meetings between the clubs . Arizona starters are 9 - 0 with a 1.75 ERA in their past 12 games against the Dodgers . The Diamondbacks cut Los Angeles ' lead in half in the second when Paul Goldschmidt singled , stole second , went to third	False
It was the first 1 - 0 victory of the season for the Diamondbacks , who needed left fielder Jason Kubel to rob Luis Cruz of a two - run homer with a leaping grab at the wall to end the fifth inning . The lone run came in the seventh	True
It was the first 1 - 0 victory of the season for the Diamondbacks , who needed left fielder Jason Kubel to rob Luis Cruz of a two - run homer with a leaping grab at the wall to end the fifth inning . The lone run came in the seventh , when Paul Goldschmidt reached on shortstop Hanley Ramirez 's throwing error and scored from first	False
Kershaw is 0 - 3 in his past three starts despite allowing a combined three earned runs . The Dodgers have lost all three games . Regular closer J. J. Putz , who blew consecutive saves last week , was out with a stiff back , manager Kirk Gibson said , so David Hernandez came on in the ninth	True
Regular closer J. J. Putz , who blew consecutive saves last week , was out with a stiff back , manager Kirk Gibson said , so David Hernandez came on in the ninth . He gave up a two - out double to Shane Victorino , then Adrian Gonzalez struck out looking , staring at home plate umpire Dan Iassogna after the pitch . Kennedy got big defensive plays from third baseman Chris Johnson and second baseman Aaron Hill . Johnson nabbed Kershaw 's sharp line drive in the sixth	True
Regular closer J. J. Putz , who blew consecutive saves last week , was out with a stiff back , manager Kirk Gibson said , so David Hernandez came on in the ninth . He gave up a two - out double to Shane Victorino , then Adrian Gonzalez struck out looking , staring at home plate umpire Dan Iassogna after the pitch . Kennedy got big defensive plays from third baseman Chris Johnson and second baseman Aaron Hill . Johnson nabbed Kershaw 's sharp line drive in the sixth and Hill made a lunging grab on Andre Ethier 's liner leading off the seventh	True
Kennedy , a 21-game winner a year ago , left after giving up a single to Luis Cruz . Brad Ziegler came on and got a double-play grounder to end the inning . Ziegler has induced major league-best 17 double plays , most by a National League reliever since Jeremy Affeldt 's 18 in 2009 . Goldschmidt reached for the third time when Ramirez 's throw on a deep ground ball bounced in front of first base and Gonzalez could n't handle it . Montero followed with the double to deep right-center that easily scored Goldschmidt , who had been picked off at first	False
Kennedy , a 21-game winner a year ago , left after giving up a single to Luis Cruz . Brad Ziegler came on and got a double-play grounder to end the inning . Ziegler has induced major league-best 17 double plays , most by a National League reliever since Jeremy Affeldt 's 18 in 2009 . Goldschmidt reached for the third time when Ramirez 's throw on a deep ground ball bounced in front of first base and Gonzalez could n't handle it . Montero followed with the double to deep right-center that easily scored Goldschmidt , who had been picked off at first by Kershaw in the second	True
Goldschmidt reached for the third time when Ramirez 's throw on a deep ground ball bounced in front of first base and Gonzalez could n't handle it . Montero followed with the double to deep right-center that easily scored Goldschmidt , who had been picked off at first by Kershaw in the second . Montero advanced to third	False
Goldschmidt reached for the third time when Ramirez 's throw on a deep ground ball bounced in front of first base and Gonzalez could n't handle it . Montero followed with the double to deep right-center that easily scored Goldschmidt , who had been picked off at first by Kershaw in the second . Montero advanced to third on a passed ball and tried to score on Johnson 's fly ball to center . But Matt Kemp 's throw arrived first	False
Montero advanced to third on a passed ball and tried to score on Johnson 's fly ball to center . But Matt Kemp 's throw arrived first and Montero was out on a close play , ending the inning . The Diamondbacks loaded the bases in the third	True
The Diamondbacks loaded the bases in the third when John McDonald singled with one out , then Adam Eaton and Hill drew two - out walks . The threat ended when Kubel bounced out . The Dodgers got a runner to second	False
The Diamondbacks loaded the bases in the third when John McDonald singled with one out , then Adam Eaton and Hill drew two - out walks . The threat ended when Kubel bounced out . The Dodgers got a runner to second when Ethier doubled to left-center with two outs in the fifth	True
The Dodgers got a runner to second when Ethier doubled to left-center with two outs in the fifth . On the next pitch , Cruz launched one to deep left but Kubel , backtracking in a hurry , made a leaping grab at the wall to rob him of what would have been a two - run homer , and the game remained scoreless . Kemp doubled with two outs in the seventh	False
Mets knuckleballer R. A. Dickey has 18 wins and a better ERA than Gonzalez , and starts against the Nationals on Tuesday night . Asked whether he was eager for Washington to face Dickey -- and perhaps dent his Cy Young chances -- manager Davey Johnson had a simple answer . Kurt Suzuki put the Nationals ahead with a home run right after catcher Kelly Shoppach dropped his wind-blown foul popup for an error . Ryan Zimmerman launched a two - run shot later in the third inning and Ian Desmond added a two - run drive in the fourth	True
Kurt Suzuki put the Nationals ahead with a home run right after catcher Kelly Shoppach dropped his wind-blown foul popup for an error . Ryan Zimmerman launched a two - run shot later in the third inning and Ian Desmond added a two - run drive in the fourth . That was plenty for Gonzalez ( 19 - 7 ) and the team with the best record in the majors . The lefty gave up three hits over six innings , none until Scott Hairston homered in the fourth	True
That was plenty for Gonzalez ( 19 - 7 ) and the team with the best record in the majors . The lefty gave up three hits over six innings , none until Scott Hairston homered in the fourth . Gonzalez worked around five walks and extended his career high for wins . He seemed relaxed enough , chatting with fans in the front row while waiting in the on-deck circle in the sixth	True
It had already been a jocular trip for the Nationals by the time they arrived in New York . As part of rookie hazing that is traditional in baseball culture , the club made its newcomers dress up as the U. S. Olympic women 's gymnastics team -- including red leotards and gold medals -- for the train ride from Washington to Manhattan and dinner out Sunday night . Teen star Bryce Harper wore the outfit , then had a wardrobe malfunction against the Mets . He broke his belt while diving for Andres Torres ' liner in the fourth	True
Teen star Bryce Harper wore the outfit , then had a wardrobe malfunction against the Mets . He broke his belt while diving for Andres Torres ' liner in the fourth , and quickly hustled to the Nationals ' bullpen in center field for a loaner . The Mets lost their fourth	False
`` We 're kind of grasping at straws , '' Collins admitted . While Andy Murray was winning the U. S. Open tennis tournament right across the street , Mets rookie Collin McHugh ( 0 - 2 ) was serving up home runs . Suzuki hit his fourth	False
Ian Kinsler hit a leadoff triple in the 10th inning and scored on Young 's single to lift the Texas Rangers over the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Thursday night . Josh Hamilton and Adrian Beltre hit back-to-back homers in the fourth	True
Young had hit just .222 in his previous 22 games , but Rangers manager Ron Washington remained in his corner even after the promotion of 19-year-old phenom Jurickson Profar , who homered in his first big league at-bat Sunday but did not play in the four games at Kansas City . Mike Adams ( 4 - 3 ) allowed one hit in a scoreless ninth	True
Greg Holland ( 6 - 4 ) took the loss . Royals starter Luke Hochevar took a 3 - 0 lead into the fourth	True
Greg Holland ( 6 - 4 ) took the loss . Royals starter Luke Hochevar took a 3 - 0 lead into the fourth and retired his first 10 batters before Young 's single . Four pitches later the score was tied after Hamilton and Beltre hit consecutive home runs for the fourth time this season and second	False
`` Luke got a pitch up to Hamilton , but he made a pretty good pitch to Beltre . He 's so hot now he 's spanking everything . '' Hochevar , who is 0 - 4 with a 5.74 ERA in seven starts since a July 31 victory , was pulled with one out in the seventh	True
Kelvin Herrera replaced Hochevar and on the next pitch induced Craig Gentry to ground into an inning-ending double play . Scott Feldman , who is 0 - 5 in his past six starts , left with a 4 - 3 lead , but the Texas bullpen failed to hold it for even one batter . After Feldman retired the leadoff hitter in the seventh	True
Jeff Francoeur , who entered batting just .128 with no extra-base hits and one RBI in 14 games , homered in the second inning off Feldman . Alex Gordon stroked a run-scoring triple in the third	True
Alex Gordon stroked a run-scoring triple in the third and scored on Salvador Perez 's single . Perez extended his hitting streak to 11 games , matching his career best . The Royals stole three bases without a throw , including two swipes of third	False
The Royals stole three bases without a throw , including two swipes of third by Lorenzo Cain . Rangers opponents have stolen 24 consecutive bases without being caught since Aug. 6 . On the flip side , Perez picked off Gentry at first base , his second pickoff of the series and fourth	False
Matt Kemp celebrated the Dodgers ' ninth walk-off win of the season by running up to Gonzalez and soaking him with a container of water during a postgame interview . Ronald Belisario ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
John McDonald and Miguel Montero each scored a run and drove in two others for the Diamondbacks . Kemp hit his 18th homer leading off the second	True
Kemp hit his 18th homer leading off the second to put the Dodgers up 1 - 0 . Montero 's two - run homer with two outs in the fourth inning gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead after McDonald 's homer leading off the third	True
Montero 's two - run homer with two outs in the fourth inning gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead after McDonald 's homer leading off the third had tied the score 1 - 1 . The Dodgers pulled to 3 - 2 in the sixth	True
Montero 's two - run homer with two outs in the fourth inning gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead after McDonald 's homer leading off the third had tied the score 1 - 1 . The Dodgers pulled to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Andre Ethier 's RBI groundout to second base that scored Kemp , who walked and advanced to third	False
The Dodgers pulled to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Andre Ethier 's RBI groundout to second base that scored Kemp , who walked and advanced to third on a double by Hanley Ramirez . Arizona extended its lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
The Dodgers pulled to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Andre Ethier 's RBI groundout to second base that scored Kemp , who walked and advanced to third on a double by Hanley Ramirez . Arizona extended its lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh when McDonald reached on an infield single to pitcher Shawn Tolleson , scoring Paul Goldschmidt , who singled , took second	False
The Dodgers pulled to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Andre Ethier 's RBI groundout to second base that scored Kemp , who walked and advanced to third on a double by Hanley Ramirez . Arizona extended its lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh when McDonald reached on an infield single to pitcher Shawn Tolleson , scoring Paul Goldschmidt , who singled , took second on Montero 's single , and was sacrificed to third	False
Arizona extended its lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh when McDonald reached on an infield single to pitcher Shawn Tolleson , scoring Paul Goldschmidt , who singled , took second on Montero 's single , and was sacrificed to third . The Dodgers made it 4 - 3 in the bottom of the seventh	False
Lincecum , who won back-to-back Cy Young awards in 2008 and 2009 , allowed two runs on David DeJesus ' seventh homer and struck out seven . He walked three . Chicago starter Justin Germano retired the first two batters of the game , but yielded singles to Pablo Sandoval and Buster Posey , walked Hunter Pence and hit Hector Sanchez with a pitch to force in the first run . Nady then hit a hard grounder past third	False
Germano said he and Nady were once roommates in Triple-A . San Francisco made it 5 - 0 in the second	True
San Francisco made it 5 - 0 in the second on Angel Pagan 's triple and Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice fly . Sergio Romo , the fourth Giants reliever of the day , pitched the ninth	True
Madison Bumgarner shut down the Detroit Tigers for seven innings , then the Giants took advantage of a bunt that stayed fair to eke out the go-ahead run in a 2 - 0 win Thursday night for a 2 - 0 edge in the World Series . Gregor Blanco 's single trickled to a stop inches fair on the infield dirt , setting up Brandon Crawford 's run-scoring double-play grounder in the seventh	True
Madison Bumgarner shut down the Detroit Tigers for seven innings , then the Giants took advantage of a bunt that stayed fair to eke out the go-ahead run in a 2 - 0 win Thursday night for a 2 - 0 edge in the World Series . Gregor Blanco 's single trickled to a stop inches fair on the infield dirt , setting up Brandon Crawford 's run-scoring double-play grounder in the seventh . Hunter Pence added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
The 6-foot-8 Fister managed to stay on the mound , and even excelled . Bumgarner more than matched him , however , allowing just two hits before the San Francisco bullpen closed it out before another pulsating crowd . Santiago Casilla pitched a perfect eighth	True
The 6-foot-8 Fister managed to stay on the mound , and even excelled . Bumgarner more than matched him , however , allowing just two hits before the San Francisco bullpen closed it out before another pulsating crowd . Santiago Casilla pitched a perfect eighth and Sergio Romo worked the ninth	False
Blanco , meanwhile , was able to celebrate a single that rolled 45 feet , if that . The Tigers looked rusty at the plate , maybe still lost following a five - day layoff after an ALCS sweep of the Yankees . Cabrera hopped up in frustration after Sandoval snared his line drive to third	False
`` I do n't want to make light of it , but it was kind of comical really because Doug was right on with everything . But I was scared to death when it happened . '' The game remained scoreless until the seventh	True
Fielder and the Tigers came up inches short of taking an early lead , the result of yet another alert play by Scutaro and a dubious decision by third-base coach Gene Lamont . Fielder was hit by a pitch to lead off the second	True
`` I'm not watching but did just see the replay . Certainly hope he 's ok , '' McCarthy tweeted . Bumgarner struck out Austin Jackson and Omar Infante to start the game . Two other Giants fanned the first two batters in a Series game : Christy Mathewson ( 1905 ) and Carl Hubbell ( 1933 ) .. .. Bumgarner picked off Infante at first base to end the fourth	True
`` I'm not watching but did just see the replay . Certainly hope he 's ok , '' McCarthy tweeted . Bumgarner struck out Austin Jackson and Omar Infante to start the game . Two other Giants fanned the first two batters in a Series game : Christy Mathewson ( 1905 ) and Carl Hubbell ( 1933 ) .. .. Bumgarner picked off Infante at first base to end the fourth . Infante made a break for second	False
Coco Crisp , whose misplay dearly cost Oakland in Game 2 , saved a likely home run by Prince Fielder with a leaping catch at the top of the center-field wall in the second inning . Yoenis Cespedes hit an RBI single in the first inning and Seth Smith homered in the fifth	True
Crisp let out a big `` Whoo ! '' after raising his arm to signal he 'd made the grab . A 's shortstop Stephen Drew made a tough play running to his left to stop Fielder 's grounder in the fourth	True
Crisp let out a big `` Whoo ! '' after raising his arm to signal he 'd made the grab . A 's shortstop Stephen Drew made a tough play running to his left to stop Fielder 's grounder in the fourth and then threw to first	False
A 's shortstop Stephen Drew made a tough play running to his left to stop Fielder 's grounder in the fourth and then threw to first while still off-balance and in motion . Then , in the seventh	True
That delighted the yellow towel-waving sellout crowd of 37,090 in this blue-collar city . After Cabrera singled with one out in the ninth	True
Next , the reliable bullpen took over . Ryan Cook pitched the seventh	True
Next , the reliable bullpen took over . Ryan Cook pitched the seventh , Sean Doolittle struck out the side in order in the eighth	True
Oakland became the first team in major league history to win the division or pennant after trailing by five or more games with fewer than 10 to go . The A 's were five back of the Rangers with nine left , then won their final six all at home with sweeps of Seattle and Texas . Smith hit a towering drive to the deepest part of center field in the fifth	True
Washington can clinch home-field advantage throughout the postseason with a victory in Game 162 or a loss by the Reds . On an evening when a thick fog was hanging over the stadium , Johnson decided most of his main guys deserved a rest . Indeed , LaRoche was Washington 's only everyday player who stayed in for more than five innings -- and he led off the sixth	True
What a turnaround : In 2012 , LaRoche tied his career-best RBI total and joined Ryan Zimmerman and Adam Dunn -- who each did it twice -- as the only Nationals players to reach 100 in that category . He heard some `` MVP ! '' chants from fans in the seventh inning . Zach Duke ( 1 - 0 ) threw a scoreless sixth	True
Zach Duke ( 1 - 0 ) threw a scoreless sixth to get his first major league win since Aug. 14 , 2011 , for Arizona . Drew Storen earned his fourth save in five chances . Phillies rookie Darin Ruf hit a pair of solo homers -- off Tom Gorzelanny in the fourth inning , and Tyler Clippard in the eighth	True
Zito won his seventh straight decision , Buster Posey and Joaquin Arias homered , and the NL West champion Giants finished off their longtime rivals . The Dodgers knew early in their game that Cincinnati had beaten St. Louis 3 - 1 , opening the door for them to remain in the chase . But they could n't capitalize , and will miss the playoffs for the third straight season and first	False
The former American League Cy Young winner allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings , struck out six , and walked one to put himself in contention for a start in the NL Division Series . Sergio Romo got three outs in the ninth	True
The former American League Cy Young winner allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings , struck out six , and walked one to put himself in contention for a start in the NL Division Series . Sergio Romo got three outs in the ninth to earn his 14th save in 15 chances after Jeremy Affeldt gave up a leadoff single to Andre Ethier that had Dodgers fans on their feet to end the game . Pinch runner Dee Gordon stole second	False
He bruised his left shoulder in San Diego when he hit himself with a weighted doughnut off his bat while loosening up , but Capuano said it did n't bother him on the mound . The Dodgers rallied to trail 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
That proved costly , as Victorino tripled and was stranded when Kemp struck out swinging against George Kontos to end the inning , slamming his bat to the ground . Kemp was hitless in four at-bats with three strikeouts . Posey led off the second	True
Posey led off the second with his 24th homer . The Dodgers answered right back , tying the game at 1 on Luis Cruz 's RBI groundout to third base after Hanley Ramirez tripled in the bottom of the inning . Arias homered leading off the third	True
Posey led off the second with his 24th homer . The Dodgers answered right back , tying the game at 1 on Luis Cruz 's RBI groundout to third base after Hanley Ramirez tripled in the bottom of the inning . Arias homered leading off the third , giving the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . In the fourth	True
Arias homered leading off the third , giving the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . In the fourth , Dodgers fans cheered when the video board displayed the final score of the St. Louis game . The Giants added two runs in the fifth	True
The Giants added two runs in the fifth on Marco Scutaro 's RBI double in the right field corner off Jamey Wright , extending his hitting streak to a career-best 19 games , longest in the majors this season . Pagan , who walked leading off , beat the throw home to make it 4 - 1 . NOTES : The last time the Giants won 10 or more consecutive starts by one of their pitchers was when they won 11 in a row when Bill Swift started from April 6 to June 27 , 1992 .. .. The last time San Francisco lost one of Zito 's starts was Aug. 2 against the New York Mets .. .. Posey started at first base after mild back spasms forced him out of Monday 's game in the eighth inning .. .. Gonzalez singled in the sixth	True
Maxwell 's two - out triple in the fourth inning broke a scoreless tie and gave Houston a 2 - 0 lead . The ball bounced off the wall in left field and scored Brett Wallace and Pena , who both got on with singles . Umpires reviewed the play to make sure it was n't a home run , and upheld the call . An error by right fielder Nelson Cruz let Houston score a run in the fifth	True
An error by right fielder Nelson Cruz let Houston score a run in the fifth , and Jose Altuve singled home another . Harrison put runners at first	False
An error by right fielder Nelson Cruz let Houston score a run in the fifth , and Jose Altuve singled home another . Harrison put runners at first and second	False
An error by right fielder Nelson Cruz let Houston score a run in the fifth , and Jose Altuve singled home another . Harrison put runners at first and second with walks in the sixth	True
Norris had a tough second inning and had to use 26 pitches to escape , striking out Mitch Moreland . Norris got on a roll from there , retiring nine of the next 10 batters . Norris ran into trouble in the sixth	True
For the second straight night the Rays jumped out to an early lead . Rays shortstop Ben Zobrist broke out of a 0 - for - 9 series slump with a two - run homer in the first inning . Zobrist took White Sox starter Gavin Floyd 's 0 - 1 pitch and drove it to right to score Matt Joyce with one out for a 2 - 0 lead . Floyd ( 0 - 4 ) left the game with two outs in the third	True
Hector Santiago entered in early relief and was greeted by Longoria 's double . He then scored on James Loney 's single to left for a 3 - 0 lead . White Sox DH Adam Dunn broke the shutout with two outs in the fourth	True
Johnson 's two - out single in the fifth inning brought Longoria home for the second time and opened a 4 - 1 lead . Leadoff batter Desmond Jennings added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Johnson 's two - out single in the fifth inning brought Longoria home for the second time and opened a 4 - 1 lead . Leadoff batter Desmond Jennings added a solo shot in the sixth for a 5 - 1 Tampa Bay lead . In the seventh	True
Moore left after six innings . Reliever Jake McGee worked out of a seventh-inning jam after loading the bases with two singles and a walk , then struck out De Aza . The White Sox loaded the bases again in the eighth	True
The White Sox loaded the bases again in the eighth with one out on Rays reliever Kyle Farnsworth and scored twice on singles form Alexei Ramirez and Gillaspie . Reliever Joel Peralta came in and struck out Tyler Flowers for a second	True
The White Sox loaded the bases again in the eighth with one out on Rays reliever Kyle Farnsworth and scored twice on singles form Alexei Ramirez and Gillaspie . Reliever Joel Peralta came in and struck out Tyler Flowers for a second out , but then walked Jordan Danks to force in another run . He struck out De Aza to escape the inning . Tampa Bay replied with two runs in the top of the ninth	False
Reliever Joel Peralta came in and struck out Tyler Flowers for a second out , but then walked Jordan Danks to force in another run . He struck out De Aza to escape the inning . Tampa Bay replied with two runs in the top of the ninth . Rays starting catcher Jose Molina left the game with one out in the fourth	True
St. Louis starter Jake Westbrook left after six innings with a 2 - 0 lead in search of his 100th career victory . He struck out a season-high six and scattered six hits to lower his ERA to 0.98 in five starts . The Pirates had three consecutive hits against reliever Joe Kelly ( 0 - 1 ) to lead off the seventh	True
`` The difference is , when they 're struggling , it 's just their minds that are struggling . Maybe their focus is just a bit off . When you get a guy whose focus is off he tends to make more mistakes and that 's when you have to capitalize . '' Jason Grilli surrendered his first run of the season on an RBI double from Carlos Beltran in the ninth	True
Jason Grilli surrendered his first run of the season on an RBI double from Carlos Beltran in the ninth but earned his 10th save in 10 tries . St. Louis jumped to a 2 - 0 lead with single runs in the first	True
Jason Grilli surrendered his first run of the season on an RBI double from Carlos Beltran in the ninth but earned his 10th save in 10 tries . St. Louis jumped to a 2 - 0 lead with single runs in the first and sixth	True
Jason Grilli surrendered his first run of the season on an RBI double from Carlos Beltran in the ninth but earned his 10th save in 10 tries . St. Louis jumped to a 2 - 0 lead with single runs in the first and sixth . Pete Kozma 's two - out single up the middle scored Jon Jay . Matt Carpenter and Beltran singled to start the first	True
BOSTON -- David Ortiz has even run out of ways to talk about his red-hot return . Ortiz had two hits and three RBIs to extend his torrid start after a long layoff , and Felix Doubront overcame a wild first inning to pitch into the seventh	True
Jacoby Ellsbury had a two - run single for the Red Sox . Dustin Pedroia and Daniel Nava each added two hits and an RBI . Doubront ( 3 - 0 ) walked three in the first	True
Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs on six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He has n't gone past five innings in each of his five starts . Doubront retired 17 of 19 batters after the rough beginning . He was pulled with a runner on in the seventh	True
Houston starter Brad Peacock ( 1 - 3 ) gave up five runs on six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He has n't gone past five innings in each of his five starts . Doubront retired 17 of 19 batters after the rough beginning . He was pulled with a runner on in the seventh . Alex Wilson escaped a bases-loaded , eighth-inning jam and Andrew Miller pitched the ninth	True
Doubront retired 17 of 19 batters after the rough beginning . He was pulled with a runner on in the seventh . Alex Wilson escaped a bases-loaded , eighth-inning jam and Andrew Miller pitched the ninth . Trailing 2 - 0 , Boston scored four runs in the second	True
Trailing 2 - 0 , Boston scored four runs in the second on Ellsbury 's two - run single and Ortiz 's two - run double into the left field corner . Ortiz 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 2 in the fourth	True
Trailing 2 - 0 , Boston scored four runs in the second on Ellsbury 's two - run single and Ortiz 's two - run double into the left field corner . Ortiz 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 2 in the fourth after Nava doubled leading off and advanced on Pedroia 's ground out to second	False
Ortiz 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 2 in the fourth after Nava doubled leading off and advanced on Pedroia 's ground out to second . Jose Altuve 's run-scoring ground out cut it to 5 - 3 in the seventh	False
Jose Altuve 's run-scoring ground out cut it to 5 - 3 in the seventh . Stephen Drew , Nava and Pedroia each had RBI singles in the seventh	True
Stephen Drew , Nava and Pedroia each had RBI singles in the seventh . The Astros took advantage of Doubront 's wild first	True
Wilson ( 2 - 0 ) went 5 1/3 innings , allowing seven hits and three runs . He walked two and struck out a season-high nine . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his third save in three chances . The Angels would not let Mariners starter Aaron Harang ( 0 - 3 ) settle in . They scored in each of the first three innings for a 5 - 0 lead , chasing Harang before the fourth	True
The Angels would not let Mariners starter Aaron Harang ( 0 - 3 ) settle in . They scored in each of the first three innings for a 5 - 0 lead , chasing Harang before the fourth . Peter Bourjos opened the game with a single , followed by Mike Trout 's hit . Bourjos took third	False
Peter Bourjos opened the game with a single , followed by Mike Trout 's hit . Bourjos took third and scored on Pujols ' sacrifice fly to center . Conger connected in the second inning , his first home run , and Trumbo hit his third	False
Peter Bourjos opened the game with a single , followed by Mike Trout 's hit . Bourjos took third and scored on Pujols ' sacrifice fly to center . Conger connected in the second inning , his first home run , and Trumbo hit his third in the third	True
The Mariners still have not won consecutive games since the season 's first two games . They were 1 - for - 12 with runners in scoring position and left 15 runners stranded . Kyle Seager singled in the fourth	True
Kyle Seager singled in the fourth to give him a career-high 15-game hit streak , longest in the majors this season . He is batting .393 during the streak with seven doubles , three home runs and 11 RBIs . Wilson allowed just an infield single through the first three innings , throwing 35 pitches . He would throw 62 pitches during the fourth	True
Kyle Seager singled in the fourth to give him a career-high 15-game hit streak , longest in the majors this season . He is batting .393 during the streak with seven doubles , three home runs and 11 RBIs . Wilson allowed just an infield single through the first three innings , throwing 35 pitches . He would throw 62 pitches during the fourth and fifth	True
Wilson allowed just an infield single through the first three innings , throwing 35 pitches . He would throw 62 pitches during the fourth and fifth when the Mariners loaded the bases each inning with fewer than two outs . Seager and Kendrys Morales opened the fourth	True
Wilson then struck out Robert Andino and Endy Chavez . A pair of singles by Brendan Ryan and Jason Bay in the fifth	True
A pair of singles by Brendan Ryan and Jason Bay in the fifth was followed by one - out walk to Morales , loading up more trouble for Wilson . But he got Morse on an infield popup and struck out Smoak . That ended in the sixth	True
Ryan then greeted reliever Sean Burnett with a first-pitch squeeze bunt , scoring Andino to make it 5 - 3 . The critical play in the game came with two outs in the sixth	True
Ryan then greeted reliever Sean Burnett with a first-pitch squeeze bunt , scoring Andino to make it 5 - 3 . The critical play in the game came with two outs in the sixth and Smoak on second	False
He had been winless in his first four starts , going 0 - 3 with a no-decision . Cahill got behind batters and threw 105 pitches . He benefited from Paul Goldschmidt 's two - run homer in the fourth inning . The victory was the Diamondbacks ' seventh one - run victory in their 13 wins this season after J. J. Putz got three outs in the ninth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs in six innings for Colorado . The Diamondbacks scored first	False
Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs in six innings for Colorado . The Diamondbacks scored first in the second inning . Goldschmidt reached base on an error and moved to second	False
Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs in six innings for Colorado . The Diamondbacks scored first in the second inning . Goldschmidt reached base on an error and moved to second when Cody Ross singled . Goldschmidt then scored on a single to left by reserve catcher Wil Nieves . That put runners on first	False
Jorge De La Rosa ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs in six innings for Colorado . The Diamondbacks scored first in the second inning . Goldschmidt reached base on an error and moved to second when Cody Ross singled . Goldschmidt then scored on a single to left by reserve catcher Wil Nieves . That put runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks scored first in the second inning . Goldschmidt reached base on an error and moved to second when Cody Ross singled . Goldschmidt then scored on a single to left by reserve catcher Wil Nieves . That put runners on first and second with no outs , but Josh Wilson grounded into a double play and Cliff Pennington flied to left . The Rockies responded in the fourth	True
The Rockies responded in the fourth . With runners on second	False
The Rockies responded in the fourth . With runners on second and third	False
The Rockies responded in the fourth . With runners on second and third and two outs , Yorvit Torrealba hit a soft grounder to third	False
That 's when Goldschmidt 's home run put Arizona into the lead in the bottom half of the inning . In the seventh	True
After Ryu and Mets starter Jeremy Hefner each left with no-decisions and the score 1-all , the Dodgers won a game decided by the bullpens . Nick Punto opened the ninth	True
After Ryu and Mets starter Jeremy Hefner each left with no-decisions and the score 1-all , the Dodgers won a game decided by the bullpens . Nick Punto opened the ninth with a double off Scott Rice ( 1 - 1 ) and moved to third	False
The left-handed Ethier put the Dodgers ahead with his hit , and Juan Uribe drove in another run with an infield single for a 3 - 1 lead . Ike Davis led off the Mets ' ninth	True
The left-handed Ethier put the Dodgers ahead with his hit , and Juan Uribe drove in another run with an infield single for a 3 - 1 lead . Ike Davis led off the Mets ' ninth with a home run against Brandon League . But League , who gave up a ninth-inning lead Wednesday in a game the Dodgers lost in the 10th	True
Ike Davis led off the Mets ' ninth with a home run against Brandon League . But League , who gave up a ninth-inning lead Wednesday in a game the Dodgers lost in the 10th , closed for his sixth save . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) escaped a two - on , no-out jam in the eighth	True
`` My biggest takeaway from that last game was the first pitches . Today , I was able to effectively put the count to my advantage . '' The 26-year-old lefty blanked the Mets on one single until the sixth	True
Hefner began the day with a 7.07 ERA and pitched his best game of the season , too . He limited the Dodgers to three hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking three . The Mets put runners at first	False
Hefner began the day with a 7.07 ERA and pitched his best game of the season , too . He limited the Dodgers to three hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking three . The Mets put runners at first and second	False
Hefner began the day with a 7.07 ERA and pitched his best game of the season , too . He limited the Dodgers to three hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking three . The Mets put runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth	True
The Mets put runners at first and second with no outs in the eighth against Jansen before he struck out Wright , retired Lucas Duda on a fly and fanned Byrd . The Dodgers scored in the first	True
Jim Johnson walked Maicer Izturis with the bases loaded in the 11th inning , and the Blue Jays beat the Orioles 6 - 5 Wednesday to avert a three - game sweep and end Baltimore 's run of consecutive extra-inning victories at 17 . With two outs in the 11th	True
One night earlier , the Orioles won their 100th consecutive game when leading after the seventh inning . In this one , their streak of extra-inning wins -- 16 of which came last year -- came crashing to a halt . It was the longest run since the Pittsburgh Pirates won 21 straight in 1959 - 60 . Esmil Rogers ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the 10th	True
Nate McLouth had two hits , walked twice and scored three runs for the Orioles , who went 6 - 3 on a homestand against Tampa Bay , the Los Angeles Dodgers and Toronto . Baltimore missed a chance to win it in the 10th	True
Nate McLouth had two hits , walked twice and scored three runs for the Orioles , who went 6 - 3 on a homestand against Tampa Bay , the Los Angeles Dodgers and Toronto . Baltimore missed a chance to win it in the 10th when Manny Machado was thrown out at the plate by left fielder Rajai Davis while trying to score from second	False
He was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk after the game . Toronto starter Brandon Morrow took a two - hitter and a 5 - 2 lead into the seventh	True
Stinson retired the first four batters he faced before walking Melky Cabrera . Arencibia followed with a shot to center for his fifth home run in the last 10 games . Davis made it 3 - 1 in the third	True
Davis made it 3 - 1 in the third with his first homer in 42 at-bats this season . The Orioles got an unearned run in the bottom half after a throwing error by Lawrie from third base . Encarnacion hit his second homer in two games in the fourth	True
Davis made it 3 - 1 in the third with his first homer in 42 at-bats this season . The Orioles got an unearned run in the bottom half after a throwing error by Lawrie from third base . Encarnacion hit his second homer in two games in the fourth , and Bautista connected in the sixth	True
A few more hits like his game-winning single Monday night certainly could help press the issue . Belt singled to left-center field with one out in the ninth	True
A few more hits like his game-winning single Monday night certainly could help press the issue . Belt singled to left-center field with one out in the ninth , Buster Posey tied it with a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Belt singled to left-center field with one out in the ninth , Buster Posey tied it with a two - run homer in the eighth and the Giants rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 for their seventh straight home victory . Belt 's first career walk-off hit came against Tony Sipp ( 1 - 1 ) , who allowed a leadoff single to Andres Torres . Brandon Crawford sacrificed him to second	False
Belt 's first career walk-off hit came against Tony Sipp ( 1 - 1 ) , who allowed a leadoff single to Andres Torres . Brandon Crawford sacrificed him to second . Belt was mobbed by his teammates afterward . Posey 's drive to straightaway center was his second homer of the year and second	False
Posey 's drive to straightaway center was his second homer of the year and second in two days . Jose Mijares struck out two in the ninth	True
Eric Chavez also hit a solo homer for the D-backs . Miley crushed a 2 - 0 pitch deep into the right-field arcade in the fifth	True
Miley crushed a 2 - 0 pitch deep into the right-field arcade in the fifth off Ryan Vogelsgong -- and the ball was thrown back onto the field , so the pitcher might have a souvenir to take home . Ross threw his right arm into the air to cheer his teammate . In the sixth	True
The Giants added those two runs right back in the bottom half with three straight one - out doubles , including those by Pablo Sandoval and Posey to drive in runs after Scutaro got things started . Goldschmidt walked in his first two plate appearances , then was hit by a pitch in the fifth	True
At the plate , Miley was 0 - for - 5 this season and 12 - for - 83 ( .145 ) lifetime with a pair of doubles before the homer . San Francisco athletic trainer Dave Groeschner and Bochy checked on Posey in the top of the second	True
Posey sure looked it on the home run . The Giants are in a 15-game stretch against the division , going 9 - 1 so far versus the NL West . Monday 's game kicked off the first	False
Mark Trumbo homered leading off the bottom of the 13th inning , Albert Pujols doubled home two runs , and the relievers combined to hold the Tigers scoreless on four hits over the final seven innings of a 13-inning , 4 - 3 victory Sunday -- completing the Halos ' second straight series sweep of Detroit . Tigers lefty Phil Coke ( 0 - 2 ) intentionally walked Pujols with two outs and the bases empty in the 12th	True
Jerome Williams ( 1 - 0 ) got the victory with three innings of two - hit relief . Angels lefty C. J. Wilson allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked four . He gave up a two - run homer to Prince Fielder that tied the score 3-all in the fifth	True
Angels lefty C. J. Wilson allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked four . He gave up a two - run homer to Prince Fielder that tied the score 3-all in the fifth after a leadoff walk to Torii Hunter . The left-hander also got out of bases-loaded jams in the first two innings . The Angels made a bid to regain the lead in the seventh	True
Angels lefty C. J. Wilson allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked four . He gave up a two - run homer to Prince Fielder that tied the score 3-all in the fifth after a leadoff walk to Torii Hunter . The left-hander also got out of bases-loaded jams in the first two innings . The Angels made a bid to regain the lead in the seventh against Tigers starter Doug Fister . But Hamilton lined out to center field with a runner at third	False
The Angels made a bid to regain the lead in the seventh against Tigers starter Doug Fister . But Hamilton lined out to center field with a runner at third , after Mike Trout grounded into a double play and Pujols received his first intentional walk since the three he got on April 3 at Texas . Los Angeles squandered another chance in the 10th	True
Los Angeles squandered another chance in the 10th when Joaquin Benoit struck out Howie Kendrick on a full-count pitch in the dirt after a double-steal by Trout and Trumbo , who was intentionally walked with two outs . Leyland got into a lengthy argument with umpire Gary Darling in the Tigers ' ninth	True
Leyland got into a lengthy argument with umpire Gary Darling in the Tigers ' ninth , after Darling called Omar Infante out at second base on Austin Jackson 's attempted sacrifice bunt to reliever Ernesto Frieri . The Tigers left the bases loaded in the ninth	True
Hunter , who spent the previous five seasons with the Angels was 3 for 12 with three walks and no RBIs in his first series against his former teammates . The Angels ' first two runs scored on Pujols ' double off the glove of third baseman Cabrera . Fister then plunked Hamilton , and Trumbo hit a potential inning-ending double-play grounder to Cabrera . But the relay to first	False
The Angels ' first two runs scored on Pujols ' double off the glove of third baseman Cabrera . Fister then plunked Hamilton , and Trumbo hit a potential inning-ending double-play grounder to Cabrera . But the relay to first by second baseman Infante was low and bounced off Fielder 's glove , allowing Pujols to score . Fister allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings . The right-hander also hit three batters , two of them during a three - run third	True
Gregorius hit his second major league home run and singled to start a two - run rally in the ninth inning that led Arizona over Colorado 5 - 4 Sunday and stopped the Rockies ' eight - game winning streak . Gregorius , who homered Thursday at Yankee Stadium on the first pitch he saw with the Diamondbacks , started a comeback from a 3 - 0 deficit when he homered against Juan Nicasio leading off the fifth	True
In his first three games with the Diamondbacks , Gregorius has gone 6 for 11 with a pair of homers and a double . Colorado led 4 - 3 when Gregorius singled leading off the ninth	True
In his first three games with the Diamondbacks , Gregorius has gone 6 for 11 with a pair of homers and a double . Colorado led 4 - 3 when Gregorius singled leading off the ninth against Wilton Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) . A. J. Pollock doubled over third baseman Jonathan Herrera , and pinch-hitter Alfredo Marte grounded out to third	False
Colorado led 4 - 3 when Gregorius singled leading off the ninth against Wilton Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) . A. J. Pollock doubled over third baseman Jonathan Herrera , and pinch-hitter Alfredo Marte grounded out to third , driving in the tying run . Gerardo Parra followed with a sacrifice fly to deep center . Heath Bell ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Colorado led 4 - 3 when Gregorius singled leading off the ninth against Wilton Lopez ( 0 - 1 ) . A. J. Pollock doubled over third baseman Jonathan Herrera , and pinch-hitter Alfredo Marte grounded out to third , driving in the tying run . Gerardo Parra followed with a sacrifice fly to deep center . Heath Bell ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth . Colorado put runners at the corners in the ninth	True
`` If you 're going to lose your winning streak , it 's better to do it the way we did today , playing good baseball , '' Gonzalez added . `` We just had one bad inning at the end . Our closer was not available today , but I know that Wilton is going to get better . He 's just having a bad start . But he 's done it in the big leagues . he 's going to pitch well . '' The Rockies had a bit of a spring training feel in the middle innings , judging by uniform numbers . Adam Ottavino , No . 0 , relieved starter Nicasio in the fifth	True
`` If you 're going to lose your winning streak , it 's better to do it the way we did today , playing good baseball , '' Gonzalez added . `` We just had one bad inning at the end . Our closer was not available today , but I know that Wilton is going to get better . He 's just having a bad start . But he 's done it in the big leagues . he 's going to pitch well . '' The Rockies had a bit of a spring training feel in the middle innings , judging by uniform numbers . Adam Ottavino , No . 0 , relieved starter Nicasio in the fifth and Josh Outman , No . 88 , got the last two outs of the seventh	True
The Rockies had a bit of a spring training feel in the middle innings , judging by uniform numbers . Adam Ottavino , No . 0 , relieved starter Nicasio in the fifth and Josh Outman , No . 88 , got the last two outs of the seventh . Colorado strung together four consecutive singles in the third	True
Colorado strung together four consecutive singles in the third off Brandon McCarthy , building a 3 - 0 lead on Jordan Pacheco 's RBI single and Gonzalez 's bloop two - run single that dropped into shallow center field . Nicasio struggled with his control despite not allowing a hit until the fifth	True
Nicasio struggled with his control despite not allowing a hit until the fifth . He threw 49 pitches in the first two innings , when he walked three and went to three - ball counts on two other batters . Gregorius homered off Nicasio to start the fifth	True
Gregorius homered off Nicasio to start the fifth for the Diamondbacks ' first hit , and Pollock 's single and Parra 's one - out doubled chased Nicasio . Martin Prado reached on a comebacker to Ottovino , who tagged out Pollack after the runner broke for home , and Paul Goldschmidt followed with an RBI single that cut the gap to 3 - 2 . Troy Tulowitzki homered on a 1 - 2 pitch leading off the sixth	True
Troy Tulowitzki homered on a 1 - 2 pitch leading off the sixth , and with six home runs already is just two shy of his total last year . Cody Ross hit a two - out RBI double in the eighth	True
Brett Cecil ( 1 - 0 ) worked 1 1/3 innings for the win as the Blue Jays capped a seven - game homestand on a winning note . Esmil Rogers worked 1 1/3 innings and Darren Oliver pitched the ninth	True
Stewart hit a solo homer for the Yankees , who had won nine of their previous 11 . Toronto opened the scoring in the first	True
Stewart hit a solo homer for the Yankees , who had won nine of their previous 11 . Toronto opened the scoring in the first . Munenori Kawasaki reached on an infield single , went to third	False
Toronto opened the scoring in the first . Munenori Kawasaki reached on an infield single , went to third on Cabrera 's base hit and scored on a throwing error by Eduardo Nunez as the Yankees failed to turn a double play . Colby Rasmus hit a leadoff double in the second	True
Toronto opened the scoring in the first . Munenori Kawasaki reached on an infield single , went to third on Cabrera 's base hit and scored on a throwing error by Eduardo Nunez as the Yankees failed to turn a double play . Colby Rasmus hit a leadoff double in the second and later scored on Kawasaki 's sacrifice fly , but the Yankees cut the gap in half on Stewart 's leadoff homer in the third	True
Toronto opened the scoring in the first . Munenori Kawasaki reached on an infield single , went to third on Cabrera 's base hit and scored on a throwing error by Eduardo Nunez as the Yankees failed to turn a double play . Colby Rasmus hit a leadoff double in the second and later scored on Kawasaki 's sacrifice fly , but the Yankees cut the gap in half on Stewart 's leadoff homer in the third , his first	False
Colby Rasmus hit a leadoff double in the second and later scored on Kawasaki 's sacrifice fly , but the Yankees cut the gap in half on Stewart 's leadoff homer in the third , his first . A superb defensive play by Vernon Wells kept Toronto from adding to its lead in the fourth	True
Colby Rasmus hit a leadoff double in the second and later scored on Kawasaki 's sacrifice fly , but the Yankees cut the gap in half on Stewart 's leadoff homer in the third , his first . A superb defensive play by Vernon Wells kept Toronto from adding to its lead in the fourth . Jose Bautista singled to open the inning and Edwin Encarnacion followed with a drive to deep left . But the former Blue Jays outfielder made a leaping catch at the top of the wall and Bautista , who had already made the turn at second	False
Colby Rasmus hit a leadoff double in the second and later scored on Kawasaki 's sacrifice fly , but the Yankees cut the gap in half on Stewart 's leadoff homer in the third , his first . A superb defensive play by Vernon Wells kept Toronto from adding to its lead in the fourth . Jose Bautista singled to open the inning and Edwin Encarnacion followed with a drive to deep left . But the former Blue Jays outfielder made a leaping catch at the top of the wall and Bautista , who had already made the turn at second , was doubled off first	False
A superb defensive play by Vernon Wells kept Toronto from adding to its lead in the fourth . Jose Bautista singled to open the inning and Edwin Encarnacion followed with a drive to deep left . But the former Blue Jays outfielder made a leaping catch at the top of the wall and Bautista , who had already made the turn at second , was doubled off first on a relay throw from Robinson Cano . New York took the lead with two runs in the fifth	True
New York took the lead with two runs in the fifth , capitalizing on some wildness by Johnson . Singles by Stewart , Cano and Wells loaded the bases before Johnson issued consecutive two - out walks to Lyle Overbay and Nunez . The Yankees added one more in the sixth	True
New York took the lead with two runs in the fifth , capitalizing on some wildness by Johnson . Singles by Stewart , Cano and Wells loaded the bases before Johnson issued consecutive two - out walks to Lyle Overbay and Nunez . The Yankees added one more in the sixth . Jayson Nix hit a leadoff single , went to second	False
Johnson allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings to remain winless in four starts . He walked three and struck out four . Toronto chased Nova and reclaimed the lead with a four - run sixth	True
Adam Lind walked and Arencibia doubled , bringing Boone Logan ( 0 - 1 ) out of the bullpen . Rasmus scored Lind with a broken bat single to center and David Phelps replaced Logan , but gave up a two - run double to Brett Lawrie , whose liner down the third base line stayed fair by inches . Two outs later , Cabrera capped the rally with an RBI single to right . Lind drew a one - out walk off Phelps in the seventh	True
The Yankees have an AL-best 25 homers this season and have gone deep in 13 of their 15 games . Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer for Toronto and J. P. Arencibia had a solo drive in the ninth	True
Bautista returned to the lineup as the designated hitter after missing the previous four games with a sore back . Gibbons said Bautista will likely DH in all three games against the Yankees this weekend before returning to right field in next week 's series at Baltimore . New York jumped on Blue Jays right-hander Brandon Morrow with two runs in the first	True
Toronto answered in the bottom half when Rajai Davis hit a leadoff triple and scored on Melky Cabrera 's grounder . Hafner made it 3 - 1 with a leadoff longball to left in the third	True
Toronto answered in the bottom half when Rajai Davis hit a leadoff triple and scored on Melky Cabrera 's grounder . Hafner made it 3 - 1 with a leadoff longball to left in the third , his fifth	False
Hafner made it 3 - 1 with a leadoff longball to left in the third , his fifth . Wells followed with a single and Ichiro Suzuki doubled before Eduardo Nunez flied to center . Colby Rasmus threw home when Wells bluffed a start at third	False
`` If we can come in here and win ball games , they can yell at me all they want , '' he added . The Yankees chased Morrow when Overbay hit a one - out homer in the sixth	True
Morrow ( 0 - 2 ) remained winless in four starts , allowing seven runs , five earned , and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Bautista clubbed a homer into the second deck in center in the sixth	True
Morrow ( 0 - 2 ) remained winless in four starts , allowing seven runs , five earned , and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out four . Bautista clubbed a homer into the second deck in center in the sixth , but Wells connected in the bottom half , his fourth	False
Beltran said he hit a hanging slider . The only other runner Burnett allowed came when he hit Daniel Descalso with a 2 - 2 pitch with one out in the sixth	True
The only other runner Burnett allowed came when he hit Daniel Descalso with a 2 - 2 pitch with one out in the sixth to end his chances for a perfect game . Burnett struck out eight to raise his season total to 35 in 24 innings . His latest bid for a no-hitter came on a night when he recorded the 2,000th strikeout of his career . Burnett reached the milestone when he caught Beltran looking to lead off the second	True
However , after Walker hit a two - out double in the first inning , Miller retired 15 consecutive batters . McCutchen ended that streak with a two - out infield single in the sixth	True
McCutchen ended that streak with a two - out infield single in the sixth and scored on a single by Walker to make it 2 - 0 . Pittsburgh scored an unearned run in the seventh	False
McCutchen ended that streak with a two - out infield single in the sixth and scored on a single by Walker to make it 2 - 0 . Pittsburgh scored an unearned run in the seventh off Trevor Rosenthal on third baseman 's David Freese 's two - out throwing error on a grounder by Marte . The Pirates added two more in the eighth	True
Francoeur had an RBI single and Wade Davis made it stand up with five - hit ball over seven innings , leading the Kansas City Royals past the Braves 1 - 0 on Wednesday to stop Atlanta 's 10-game winning streak . Born and raised in the Atlanta area , Francoeur started his career with his hometown team before being traded in 2009 . Now on his third team since his days with the Braves , he visited with dozens of family and friends during batting practice , then came through when it mattered in the fourth	True
The Braves were seeking their first 13 - 1 start since 1994 , but the powerful Atlanta offense finally was stifled , a day after homering five times against the Royals . Davis ( 2 - 0 ) did n't walk anyone and struck out seven , and the Braves could n't get a runner past first base until Jason Heyward 's two - out double in the sixth	True
The Braves were seeking their first 13 - 1 start since 1994 , but the powerful Atlanta offense finally was stifled , a day after homering five times against the Royals . Davis ( 2 - 0 ) did n't walk anyone and struck out seven , and the Braves could n't get a runner past first base until Jason Heyward 's two - out double in the sixth . Their only serious scoring chance came in the seventh	True
The Braves were seeking their first 13 - 1 start since 1994 , but the powerful Atlanta offense finally was stifled , a day after homering five times against the Royals . Davis ( 2 - 0 ) did n't walk anyone and struck out seven , and the Braves could n't get a runner past first base until Jason Heyward 's two - out double in the sixth . Their only serious scoring chance came in the seventh , when Juan Francisco was thrown out easily trying to score from first	False
Davis ( 2 - 0 ) did n't walk anyone and struck out seven , and the Braves could n't get a runner past first base until Jason Heyward 's two - out double in the sixth . Their only serious scoring chance came in the seventh , when Juan Francisco was thrown out easily trying to score from first on a pop down the right-field line . The Braves were frustrated all day by home-plate umpire Doug Eddings , who called them out on seven of their 11 strikeouts . After taking strike three in the seventh	True
The Braves were frustrated all day by home-plate umpire Doug Eddings , who called them out on seven of their 11 strikeouts . After taking strike three in the seventh , Dan Uggla walked all the way around the catcher to talk with Eddings face to face . Manager Fredi Gonzalez came a few steps out of the dugout , ready to run out in things got heated , but Uggla simply walked away after making his feelings known to Eddings . The Braves had the heart of the order up in the ninth	True
Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) had another strong outing for the Braves , allowing just five hits and the lone run in six innings . The left-hander 's ERA over three starts is 0.95 . Neither team had pushed a runner as far as second base until the fourth	True
Neither team had pushed a runner as far as second base until the fourth , when the Royals caught a couple of breaks before Francoeur 's two - out hit . Alcides Escobar led off with a single to right , breaking an 0 - for - 15 slump , but it appeared he would n't be on base for long when he got stranded between first	False
Neither team had pushed a runner as far as second base until the fourth , when the Royals caught a couple of breaks before Francoeur 's two - out hit . Alcides Escobar led off with a single to right , breaking an 0 - for - 15 slump , but it appeared he would n't be on base for long when he got stranded between first and second	False
Neither team had pushed a runner as far as second base until the fourth , when the Royals caught a couple of breaks before Francoeur 's two - out hit . Alcides Escobar led off with a single to right , breaking an 0 - for - 15 slump , but it appeared he would n't be on base for long when he got stranded between first and second after a pitch . Rookie catcher Gattis tried to run at Escobar but held the ball for too long , allowing the runner to slide back into first	False
That turned out to be a crucial play . With two outs , Lorenzo Cain hit a little dribbler down the third-base line for an infield hit , then Francoeur came through on an 0 - 2 pitch , singling to left field when Minor left a change-up in the strike zone against a free-swinging batter who is prone to chase bad pitches . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , Atlanta put together its best scoring chance against Davis . Francisco , who homered twice against the Royals on Tuesday , singled to right with two outs for his second hit of the game . Then , Chris Johnson lofted a popup down the right-field line that landed about a foot fair , just out of the grasp of diving second baseman Chris Getz . But Getz hustled to his feet , tracked down the ball alongside the rolled-up tarp , and alertly spotted Francisco trying to score all the way from first	False
But Getz hustled to his feet , tracked down the ball alongside the rolled-up tarp , and alertly spotted Francisco trying to score all the way from first . The throw to the plate was in plenty of time to get the lumbering runner . Escobar had an error in the first	True
Phillips ' hit snapped an eighth-inning tie and rallied the Reds to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies that left players with more than just the score in mind . Reds rookie Derrick Robinson started the winning rally with an infield single off Jeremy Horst ( 0 - 1 ) . He scored the first	False
The game began with remembrances of those killed or wounded by the bombings in Boston near the finish line of the marathon course . A moment of silence was held before the national anthem . Phillies center fielder Ben Revere decided to stick a strip of white athletic tape to the back of the web on his glove . He wrote in black marker : `` PRAY for Boston . '' Revere made a sensational diving catch at the edge of the warning track in the second inning , then ran into the wall for another grab in the third	True
It turned into an old-fashioned pitching matchup -- left-hander Cliff Lee and right-hander Bronson Arroyo throwing a lot of strikes and giving few scoring chances until the late innings . Cincinnati 's five - game slide matched its longest slump from last season , when it won the NL Central . The Reds have n't been hitting much -- still did n't against Lee , who helped them by letting in a run on a wild pitch in the seventh	True
Cincinnati 's five - game slide matched its longest slump from last season , when it won the NL Central . The Reds have n't been hitting much -- still did n't against Lee , who helped them by letting in a run on a wild pitch in the seventh . Todd Frazier followed with a sacrifice fly for a 2 - 0 lead . Arroyo ( 2 - 1 ) gave up pinch hitter Chase Utley 's two - run homer in the eighth	True
Arroyo ( 2 - 1 ) gave up pinch hitter Chase Utley 's two - run homer in the eighth , but Cincinnati rallied against the Philadelphia bullpen . The Reds loaded the bases against Horst on Robinson 's infield single , Zack Cozart 's double and an intentional walk to Joey Votto . Phillips singled off Mike Adams to break the tie and the losing streak . Aroldis Chapman retired all three batters he faced in the ninth	True
Aroldis Chapman retired all three batters he faced in the ninth for his third save in three tries . He threw 100 mph fastballs to Jimmy Rollins and Ryan Howard while fanning them to end it . Neither team did much until Lee briefly lost his touch . Votto led off the seventh	True
That has been their weakness . Cincinnati was 5 for 41 with runners in scoring position during the five - game slide . This time , Lee helped them out . He bounced a 2 - 2 pitch to Jay Bruce , allowing Votto to score from third	False
This time , Lee helped them out . He bounced a 2 - 2 pitch to Jay Bruce , allowing Votto to score from third . Lee then walked Bruce on a full count , ending the left-hander 's streak of 169 consecutive batters without giving up a walk , according to STATS . Frazier followed with a sacrifice fly . Utley 's fifth career pinch-hit homer off Arroyo tied it with two outs in the eighth	True
With Sergio Romo unavailable after pitching four of the past five days , the Giants turned to Santiago Casilla , who nailed down his first save of the season with two scoreless innings in a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday . The Cubs threatened in the eighth	True
Madison Bumgarner allowed two runs while pitching neatly into the seventh inning and Marco Scutaro had three hits for the Giants . Pinch-hitter Dioner Navarro hit a two - out , two - run homer off Bumgarner in the seventh	True
A few snowflakes fell in the morning , and the temperature at first pitch was 38 degrees . Gregor Blanco 's RBI single snapped a scoreless tie in the fifth	True
Gregor Blanco 's RBI single snapped a scoreless tie in the fifth . He drove in Andres Torres , who led off with a double . The Giants went ahead 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
The Giants went ahead 2 - 0 in the sixth on Pablo Sandoval 's RBI single . Scutaro scored after he led off with a single and advanced on a wild pitch . Samardzija struck out Torres looking to end the inning . Scutaro 's RBI single off Michael Bowden in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . Bumgarner scored from second	False
Scutaro 's RBI single off Michael Bowden in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . Bumgarner scored from second as right fielder Scott Hairston threw to the middle of the infield . The Cubs stranded seven on base , leaving the bases full in the second	True
Scutaro 's RBI single off Michael Bowden in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . Bumgarner scored from second as right fielder Scott Hairston threw to the middle of the infield . The Cubs stranded seven on base , leaving the bases full in the second and two on in the sixth	True
Scutaro 's RBI single off Michael Bowden in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . Bumgarner scored from second as right fielder Scott Hairston threw to the middle of the infield . The Cubs stranded seven on base , leaving the bases full in the second and two on in the sixth and eighth	True
The Cubs stranded seven on base , leaving the bases full in the second and two on in the sixth and eighth . Soriano had three hits for the Cubs . Sandoval fell into the stands making a diving catch in the ninth	True
Hamilton had gone 10 games and 37 at-bats without a home run . The seven - year veteran 's longest homer drought from the start of a season is 13 games and 46 at-bats in 2010 -- the same year he was voted AL MVP after winning the AL batting title with a .359 average , hitting 32 homers and driving in 100 runs . Veras ( 0 - 1 ) came on in the ninth	True
Michael Roth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings with four strikeouts to win in his major league debut . The 23-year-old left-hander was promoted earlier in the day from Double-A Arkansas . The Astros , who had won their previous three games , led 4 - 1 in the eighth	True
Michael Roth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings with four strikeouts to win in his major league debut . The 23-year-old left-hander was promoted earlier in the day from Double-A Arkansas . The Astros , who had won their previous three games , led 4 - 1 in the eighth . Right fielder J. D. Martinez dropped Howie Kendrick 's fly for a two - base error that allowed Pujols to score , and Chris Iannetta followed with a sacrifice fly to center . Kendrick was doubled off second	False
Michael Roth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings with four strikeouts to win in his major league debut . The 23-year-old left-hander was promoted earlier in the day from Double-A Arkansas . The Astros , who had won their previous three games , led 4 - 1 in the eighth . Right fielder J. D. Martinez dropped Howie Kendrick 's fly for a two - base error that allowed Pujols to score , and Chris Iannetta followed with a sacrifice fly to center . Kendrick was doubled off second after shortstop Marwin Gonzalez cut off the throw from Justin Maxwell and fired to second baseman Jose Altuve for the third	False
Harrell allowed a run and six hits in 5 2/3 innings and struck out five in his first career appearance against the Angels . Chris Carter put the Astros ahead with a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Chris Carter put the Astros ahead with a two - run homer in the fourth , but Hamilton 's sixth-inning drive cut the lead in half . Sean Burnett relieved Richards with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Reynolds also came to town with the reputation of often swinging and missing -- he has struck out more than 200 times in a season three times in his career , after all . He has fanned eight times in 35 at-bats this season but made enough contact off White Sox ace Chris Sale to turn Cleveland 's 3 - 2 lead into a comfortable margin . Zach McAllister ( 1 - 1 ) pitched into the seventh	True
Zach McAllister ( 1 - 1 ) pitched into the seventh . The right-hander allowed two unearned runs in the first thanks to Reynolds ' throwing error . McAllister gave up three runs in 6 1/3 innings and retired 16 of 17 at one point . He allowed five hits and struck out six . Reynolds had an RBI single to give Cleveland a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
The loss was Chicago 's fifth straight , all on the road . The White Sox are 0 - 5 away from home for the first time since 1972 . Sale ( 1 - 1 ) gave up Swisher 's home run in the first	True
Sale said he did n't hit Brantley intentionally . McAllister hit Alexei Ramirez on the left arm with one out in the seventh	True
Reynolds ' errant throw to McAllister on Alex Rios ' groundball in the first scored Chicago 's first run . Paul Konerko 's single made it 2 - 0 . Swisher hit his first home run with the Indians to tie the game . He doubled with two outs in the third	True
Swisher hit his first home run with the Indians to tie the game . He doubled with two outs in the third and scored on Reynolds ' single . Swisher was 0 for 5 with three strikeouts against Sale entering the game . Asdrubal Cabrera led off the fifth	True
Swisher hit his first home run with the Indians to tie the game . He doubled with two outs in the third and scored on Reynolds ' single . Swisher was 0 for 5 with three strikeouts against Sale entering the game . Asdrubal Cabrera led off the fifth with a single and took third	False
Swisher has hit in 20 consecutive games at Progressive Field , a streak that began in 2008 . He tied Michael Young , who now plays with Philadelphia , for the longest hitting streak in ballpark history . Progressive Field opened in 1994 . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
SAN DIEGO -- Dexter Fowler 's early power surge is even a surprise to his manager . Fowler 's second home run of the game and sixth	False
Four of Fowler 's home runs this season have come against San Diego . He has six homers in his last nine games against the Padres after not going deep against them in 59 previous games . Fowler , who hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
Both were in the lineup Friday night -- the Dodgers lost at Arizona -- pending appeal by the players ' association . Colorado tied it at 5 with a pair of unearned runs off reliever Luke Gregerson in the eighth	True
Colorado tied it at 5 with a pair of unearned runs off reliever Luke Gregerson in the eighth . Helton 's third hit , an RBI double , and Wilin Rosario 's RBI grounder came after an error by Gyorko at third base . After the home runs by Fowler and Rutledge , Rafael Betancourt worked the ninth	True
After the home runs by Fowler and Rutledge , Rafael Betancourt worked the ninth for his fourth save in five opportunities . The Padres , who trailed 2 - 0 and 3 - 2 , took a 5 - 3 lead with two runs in the seventh	True
San Diego tied it at 2 in the bottom half when Alonso hit a two - run shot to center . After the Rockies went back in front 3 - 2 , Hundley doubled leading off the fifth	True
Seth Smith had four hits for the A 's , who swept a road trip of six or more games for only the third time since the franchise relocated from Kansas City to Oakland in 1968 . They had a 10 - 0 trip in August 2002 and an 8 - 0 excursion in April 1981 . Griffin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and five hits , struck out two and walked one . The right-hander did not allow a hit after giving up an RBI double by Howie Kendrick with one out in the fourth	True
Jason Vargas ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with five runs , 10 hits and three walks over 5 2/3 innings . The left-hander yielded just one run over 5 2/3 innings last Friday at Texas in his Angels debut , getting a no-decision in Los Angeles ' 3 - 2 loss . Vargas escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second	True
Jason Vargas ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with five runs , 10 hits and three walks over 5 2/3 innings . The left-hander yielded just one run over 5 2/3 innings last Friday at Texas in his Angels debut , getting a no-decision in Los Angeles ' 3 - 2 loss . Vargas escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second when Smith grounded into a double play . But he was n't as fortunate in the sixth	True
Vargas escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second when Smith grounded into a double play . But he was n't as fortunate in the sixth , when Derek Norris doubled with one out and Donaldson drove his next pitch into the left-field bullpen after going hitless in 11 previous at-bats against Vargas . Smith followed Donaldson 's first homer of the season with a double , and Chris Young greeted Kevin Jepsen with a two - run double after Vargas intentionally walked his last batter , Coco Crisp . Cespedes greeted Sean Burnett with a leadoff homer to left-center in the seventh	False
Vargas escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second when Smith grounded into a double play . But he was n't as fortunate in the sixth , when Derek Norris doubled with one out and Donaldson drove his next pitch into the left-field bullpen after going hitless in 11 previous at-bats against Vargas . Smith followed Donaldson 's first homer of the season with a double , and Chris Young greeted Kevin Jepsen with a two - run double after Vargas intentionally walked his last batter , Coco Crisp . Cespedes greeted Sean Burnett with a leadoff homer to left-center in the seventh , and the A 's tacked on two more in the ninth	False
Angels left fielder Mike Trout , last season 's AL Rookie of the Year , was moved from the leadoff spot to the No . 2 hole and was 0 - for - 4 . Manager Mike Scioscia , whose offense produced a .120 average with runners in scoring position through the team 's first eight games ( 9 - for - 75 ) , said he made the move to give Trout more of an opportunity to drive in runs . Trout was in the starting lineup 138 times last season following his promotion from Triple-A Salt Lake on April 28 -- all of them in the leadoff spot -- and finished with 83 RBIs , 30 homers and a .326 average . He started in 40 games two seasons ago and batted everywhere in the lineup except third	False
Vogelsong ( 1 - 1 ) yielded eight hits and five runs in the first three innings before going on a solid run in a foggy and damp , 40-degree day to help the World Series champion Giants win their fourth straight . Trailing 5 - 0 after three innings , the Giants got some help in staging their comeback : Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro 's a two - out fielding error spurred a four - run fourth	True
Trailing 5 - 0 after three innings , the Giants got some help in staging their comeback : Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro 's a two - out fielding error spurred a four - run fourth . With runners on first	False
Trailing 5 - 0 after three innings , the Giants got some help in staging their comeback : Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro 's a two - out fielding error spurred a four - run fourth . With runners on first and third	False
Trailing 5 - 0 after three innings , the Giants got some help in staging their comeback : Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro 's a two - out fielding error spurred a four - run fourth . With runners on first and third in the fourth	True
Added Castro : `` It 's really frustrating . I feel bad myself because that 's a routine play and that 's not supposed to happen . I tried to be too fast but I can learn ; that play ca n't happen again . '' Feldman allowed a single to Brandon Belt and walked Gregor Blanco after getting one out in the fifth	True
Feldman lasted just 4 1/3 innings and gave up six runs -- two earned -- on seven hits . He walked three and struck out three . Jeremy Affeldt relieved Vogelsong after the sixth	True
Feldman lasted just 4 1/3 innings and gave up six runs -- two earned -- on seven hits . He walked three and struck out three . Jeremy Affeldt relieved Vogelsong after the sixth but he faltered in the eighth	True
Luis Valbuena followed with a double to deep center , but pinch-hitter Steve Clevenger ended the inning looking at a third strike . Giants closer Sergio Romo allowed a one - out double to David DeJesus in the ninth	True
Giants closer Sergio Romo allowed a one - out double to David DeJesus in the ninth but finished for his sixth save . Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the third inning to give Chicago a 5 - 0 lead . Brent Lillibridge broke an 0 - for - 17 start to the season with a two - run single in the second	True
It was only 39 degrees when the game started after a rain delay of 1 hour , 29 minutes . That was 40 degrees colder than Tuesday night . Texas had runners at second	False
It was only 39 degrees when the game started after a rain delay of 1 hour , 29 minutes . That was 40 degrees colder than Tuesday night . Texas had runners at second and third	False
It was only 39 degrees when the game started after a rain delay of 1 hour , 29 minutes . That was 40 degrees colder than Tuesday night . Texas had runners at second and third with one out in the eighth	True
It was only 39 degrees when the game started after a rain delay of 1 hour , 29 minutes . That was 40 degrees colder than Tuesday night . Texas had runners at second and third with one out in the eighth when pinch-hitter Leonys Martin hit the fly to right . Adrian Beltre tagged up from third base , and David Murphy was ready to advance from second	False
Texas had runners at second and third with one out in the eighth when pinch-hitter Leonys Martin hit the fly to right . Adrian Beltre tagged up from third base , and David Murphy was ready to advance from second . Texas , which had won six of seven since its season-opening loss at Houston , also appeared to have a run in the sixth	True
Texas , which had won six of seven since its season-opening loss at Houston , also appeared to have a run in the sixth . Mitch Moreland , the third batter after Moore left the game , beat out an inning-ending double-play grounder . Moreland had already been signaled safe and Nelson Cruz had crossed home plate when interference was called against Jeff Baker at second	False
That inning-ending play was much different than the game-ending strike in Monday night 's series opener that Texas won 5 - 4 . That game ended with Zobrist batting when Foster was behind home plate and called strike three on a full-count curveball low and outside -- a call the ump later admitted he got wrong . Longoria had a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Longoria had a sacrifice fly in the fifth for Tampa Bay , which had lost three in a row and on Thursday has its only day off in a 27-day span to start the season . The Rays start a four - game series at Boston on Friday . Derek Holland ( 0 - 1 ) limited the Rays to two runs and five hits over eight innings . The Texas lefty struck out four and walked three , all those walks coming in the third	True
The only other time Moore pitched in Texas was the 2011 AL division series opener , when he threw seven scoreless innings for the Rays . He threw six shutout frames against Cleveland last week in his first start this season . Holland 's first walk was to No . 9 hitter Kelly Johnson leading off the third	True
The only other time Moore pitched in Texas was the 2011 AL division series opener , when he threw seven scoreless innings for the Rays . He threw six shutout frames against Cleveland last week in his first start this season . Holland 's first walk was to No . 9 hitter Kelly Johnson leading off the third . Johnson eventually scored when Zobrist beat out a throw to first	False
Only three series into the season , Atlanta enjoys a seven - game lead over the Marlins , who have the worst record in the big leagues at 1 - 8 . They 've scored just 16 runs , and with five consecutive losses they 're off to their worst start since the 1998 team began the season 1 - 11 . The Marlins kept the game scoreless until the fifth	True
The home team could be grateful there were few witnesses . For the second night in a row , the Marlins drew the smallest crowd since their park opened a year ago . Announced attendance was 13,810 . Minor ( 2 - 0 ) pitched around a leadoff double in the second	True
The home team could be grateful there were few witnesses . For the second night in a row , the Marlins drew the smallest crowd since their park opened a year ago . Announced attendance was 13,810 . Minor ( 2 - 0 ) pitched around a leadoff double in the second and another in the third	True
Miami went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position and is batting .153 in those situations . Four starters ended the night hitting .200 or worse , including slugger Giancarlo Stanton at .167 . Alex Sanabia ( 1 - 1 ) gave up six runs , all in his fifth	True
Alex Sanabia ( 1 - 1 ) gave up six runs , all in his fifth and final inning . Schafer led off the Braves ' big inning with a bunt single , stole second	False
MILWAUKEE -- Wade Miley did n't have the best spring for the Arizona Diamondbacks . He made up for it in his first regular-season start . Miley was locked into a pitching duel with Kyle Lohse through six innings before the Diamondbacks spoiled Lohse 's debut with Milwaukee by scoring two runs on a wild pitch off reliever Mike Gonzalez in the seventh	True
Lohse is coming off his best major league season , going 16 - 3 with a 2.86 ERA in 33 starts with the Cardinals last year . He made one start in spring training after signing with the Brewers just before the end of March . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks went ahead on a hit , three walks , a sacrifice bunt and Gonzalez 's errant pitch . Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 1 ) relieved Lohse to start the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks went ahead on a hit , three walks , a sacrifice bunt and Gonzalez 's errant pitch . Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 1 ) relieved Lohse to start the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt walked , advanced on Jason Kubel 's single and moved to third	False
Braun took batting practice before he was pulled . Khris Davis made his major league debut in place of Braun . Miley ( 1 - 0 ) cruised through the first three innings , including a span of five straight strikeouts before Jean Segura hit a solo homer , his career first	False
Braun took batting practice before he was pulled . Khris Davis made his major league debut in place of Braun . Miley ( 1 - 0 ) cruised through the first three innings , including a span of five straight strikeouts before Jean Segura hit a solo homer , his career first , with one out in the bottom of the fourth	True
Braun took batting practice before he was pulled . Khris Davis made his major league debut in place of Braun . Miley ( 1 - 0 ) cruised through the first three innings , including a span of five straight strikeouts before Jean Segura hit a solo homer , his career first , with one out in the bottom of the fourth . Rickie Weeks singled up the middle and went to third	False
Miley ( 1 - 0 ) cruised through the first three innings , including a span of five straight strikeouts before Jean Segura hit a solo homer , his career first , with one out in the bottom of the fourth . Rickie Weeks singled up the middle and went to third on Aramis Ramirez 's single to left . He slid awkwardly into second trying to beat left fielder Kubel 's strong throw . Ramirez , who was an easy out , sprained his left knee . He lay behind the bag in pain before walking off the field . Ramirez wrenched his knee during spring training sliding into second	False
Ramirez wrenched his knee during spring training sliding into second . Lohse pitched three scoreless innings before the Diamondbacks went ahead 1 - 0 in the top of the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks are off to a 3 - 1 start for the third time in franchise history . Lohse is without a decision in any of his five debut games .. .. Brewers INF Alex Gonzalez moved to third	False
The Diamondbacks are off to a 3 - 1 start for the third time in franchise history . Lohse is without a decision in any of his five debut games .. .. Brewers INF Alex Gonzalez moved to third after Ramirez left the game in the bottom of the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks are off to a 3 - 1 start for the third time in franchise history . Lohse is without a decision in any of his five debut games .. .. Brewers INF Alex Gonzalez moved to third after Ramirez left the game in the bottom of the fourth . Gonzalez played shortstop for 1,536 games coming into his 15th season . He moved to first	False
The Diamondbacks are off to a 3 - 1 start for the third time in franchise history . Lohse is without a decision in any of his five debut games .. .. Brewers INF Alex Gonzalez moved to third after Ramirez left the game in the bottom of the fourth . Gonzalez played shortstop for 1,536 games coming into his 15th season . He moved to first for the first three games of this season . He had never played third	False
The Cubs rode six strong innings from Travis Wood to edge the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Thursday , a victory Marmol nearly gave away . Looking to bounce back from a shaky performance on opening day -- when he was pulled after retiring just one of the three batters he faced -- Marmol again made things in the ninth	True
Looking to bounce back from a shaky performance on opening day -- when he was pulled after retiring just one of the three batters he faced -- Marmol again made things in the ninth . Nate Schierholtz gave the Cubs a healthy cushion with a two - run homer in the top of ninth	True
Starling Marte singled and Russell Martin walked to Pittsburgh 's start final at-bat . Andrew McCutchen and Gaby Sanchez followed with consecutive run-scoring singles . Still , Chicago manager Dale Sveum stuck with Marmol and he responded by whiffing Pedro Alvarez on three pitches then getting Neil Walker to ground sharply to second base , allowing the Cubs to turn the double play . Sveum insists Marmol will continue to get the ball in the ninth	True
McDonald 's start provided a welcome return to form for the enigmatic 28-year-old , who nearly made the All-Star team last season before stumbling during a bumpy second half . He went just 3 - 5 with a 7.52 ERA after the July break as the efficiency that led to his breakout first half vanished . There were no such problems on a chilly 45-degree afternoon . His only hiccup came in the third	True
McDonald 's start provided a welcome return to form for the enigmatic 28-year-old , who nearly made the All-Star team last season before stumbling during a bumpy second half . He went just 3 - 5 with a 7.52 ERA after the July break as the efficiency that led to his breakout first half vanished . There were no such problems on a chilly 45-degree afternoon . His only hiccup came in the third . Wood singled with one out , moved to second	False
There were no such problems on a chilly 45-degree afternoon . His only hiccup came in the third . Wood singled with one out , moved to second on a groundball then scored on Castro 's single to center field . The hit marked the first	False
The hit marked the first by the Cubs with a runner in scoring position this season , ending an 0 - for - 13 start . After Marmol survived a hectic ninth	True
After Marmol survived a hectic ninth , Wood improved to 4 - 1 in his career at PNC Park . The Pirates simply could n't get going . Clint Barmes was stranded at second	False
The Pirates simply could n't get going . Clint Barmes was stranded at second in the third inning following a one - out double off Wood , the only base hit Wood allowed all day . He retired 10 straight at one point to give the Cubs an early boost , handcuffing Pittsburgh all afternoon . Chicago did n't run into trouble until after Wood gave way to Shawn Camp in the seventh	True
The Pirates simply could n't get going . Clint Barmes was stranded at second in the third inning following a one - out double off Wood , the only base hit Wood allowed all day . He retired 10 straight at one point to give the Cubs an early boost , handcuffing Pittsburgh all afternoon . Chicago did n't run into trouble until after Wood gave way to Shawn Camp in the seventh . McCutchen reached on an error then stole second	False
The Pirates simply could n't get going . Clint Barmes was stranded at second in the third inning following a one - out double off Wood , the only base hit Wood allowed all day . He retired 10 straight at one point to give the Cubs an early boost , handcuffing Pittsburgh all afternoon . Chicago did n't run into trouble until after Wood gave way to Shawn Camp in the seventh . McCutchen reached on an error then stole second and third	False
Chicago did n't run into trouble until after Wood gave way to Shawn Camp in the seventh . McCutchen reached on an error then stole second and third . Reliever James Russell , however , struck out Neil Walker looking and the Pirates wasted a golden opportunity in the ninth	True
Heyward , Justin Upton and rookie Evan Gattis homered , leading Paul Maholm and the Braves to a 9 - 2 victory over the Phillies . Freddie Freeman had three RBIs and leadoff hitter Andrelton Simmons scored twice for Atlanta , which jumped in front for the second straight game and never trailed . Upton belted a two - run shot in the first	True
Maholm struggled last year against Philadelphia with an 8.64 ERA in two starts . But the left-hander stranded runners in scoring position in three of the first four innings in his first start of 2013 . Cory Gearrin replaced Maholm with a runner on first	False
Maholm struggled last year against Philadelphia with an 8.64 ERA in two starts . But the left-hander stranded runners in scoring position in three of the first four innings in his first start of 2013 . Cory Gearrin replaced Maholm with a runner on first in the sixth	True
The Phillies were just 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position . Juan Francisco also singled in a run in the first	True
Halladay was upset with himself for making such an early exit . Chase Utley had a two - run double in the seventh	True
Halladay was upset with himself for making such an early exit . Chase Utley had a two - run double in the seventh for Philadelphia . Utley appeared to score a third run , but home plate umpire Mike Everitt called Michael Young out for runner 's interference at first	False
Chase Utley had a two - run double in the seventh for Philadelphia . Utley appeared to score a third run , but home plate umpire Mike Everitt called Michael Young out for runner 's interference at first and the inning ended . Heyward tacked on a two - run homer against Jonathan Papelbon in the eighth	True
His game-winning hit left the teams even heading into the finale of the first interleague series to start a season . The Angels won the opener 3 - 1 in 13 innings . Left-hander Scott Downs ( 0 - 1 ) came on to start the ninth	True
Phillips moved into the cleanup spot because of Ryan Ludwick 's injury and hit the Reds ' first homer of the season . He connected for a three - run shot against C. J. Wilson in the fourth inning , when Cincinnati sent nine batters to the plate for four runs . Left-hander Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) walked one in the ninth	True
Left-hander Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) walked one in the ninth , throwing a 99 mph pitch that hit the backstop screen . Mat Latos , who took the loss in the deciding Game 5 of Cincinnati 's playoff series against San Francisco last season , left with a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
Mat Latos , who took the loss in the deciding Game 5 of Cincinnati 's playoff series against San Francisco last season , left with a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh . He gave up a solo homer by Howie Kendrick , and a two - run shot by Alberto Callaspo on his 100th and final pitch . The Angels tied it with the help of third baseman Todd Frazier 's error in the eighth	True
Ludwick had surgery on Wednesday to repair torn cartilage in his right shoulder , injured on a slide on opening day . He 's expected to miss at least three months . Phillips moved from second	False
Sidelined by a back injury since April 27 , Youkilis was 1 for 4 as the designated hitter with a fifth-inning single that boosted the lead to 3 - 0 . While New York still is missing shortstop Derek Jeter , regular third baseman Alex Rodriguez , left fielder Curtis Granderson and catcher Francisco Cervelli , the batting order had a different feel . The Yankees had gone three straight games without a walk for the first time in 1991 . Brett Gardner walked leading off the first	True
On an 86-degree night , he mixed in a slider and a changeup he threw with authority and precision , helping the Yankees close within a game of first-place Boston in the AL East . Given a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
On an 86-degree night , he mixed in a slider and a changeup he threw with authority and precision , helping the Yankees close within a game of first-place Boston in the AL East . Given a 2 - 0 lead in the second on RBI singles from Nix and Ichiro Suzuki , Sabathia improved to 9 - 2 with a 2.63 ERA in 13 starts following Yankees losses since the start of the 2012 season . He threw 73 of 109 pitches for strikes and allowed his only run on Mike Napoli 's RBI double in the seventh	True
Lester , who won at Yankees Stadium on Opening Day , lost his second straight decision . Struggling with his control -- he had 48 pitches through two innings -- he gave up four runs , six hits and a hit batter in 6 1/3 innings . He left with two on , and Gardner greeted Andrew Miller with an RBI single . David Robertson followed Sabathia , and Mariano Rivera rebounded from Tuesday 's blown save at the Mets to pitch a two - hit ninth	True
The latest unlikely hero is Chris Dickerson , who hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning to carry the Orioles past the Detroit Tigers 7 - 5 on Friday night . Detroit closer Jose Valverde ( 0 - 1 ) entered in the ninth	True
Detroit closer Jose Valverde ( 0 - 1 ) entered in the ninth with a 5 - 3 lead after starter Max Scherzer retired the final 16 batters he faced . Nick Markakis led off with a homer on a 0 - 2 pitch before Adam Jones singled and took third	False
Nick Markakis led off with a homer on a 0 - 2 pitch before Adam Jones singled and took third on a single by Chris Davis . Valverde ( 0 - 1 ) then retired Matt Wieters and J. J. Hardy on popups before Dickerson hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the bleachers in right-center , much to the delight of the sellout crowd of 46,249 . Dickerson was making his first start since May 23 after a bout with a sore wrist . Batting eighth	False
Jones , Davis and Manny Machado have provided many big hits for the Orioles this season , but guys such as Nate McLouth , Steve Pearce and Dickerson have done their part , too . Darren O'Day ( 3 - 0 ) got the final out in the ninth	True
The Tigers went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Andy Dirks singled and Cabrera hit his 16th homer of the season . He 's the first Detroit player to hit 12 homers in May since Willie Horton in 1968 . Baltimore got a run back in the second	True
The Tigers went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Andy Dirks singled and Cabrera hit his 16th homer of the season . He 's the first Detroit player to hit 12 homers in May since Willie Horton in 1968 . Baltimore got a run back in the second , getting singles from Jones and Davis before Wieters delivered a sacrifice fly . In the third	True
Baltimore got a run back in the second , getting singles from Jones and Davis before Wieters delivered a sacrifice fly . In the third , Markakis walked before Jones connected to give the Orioles a brief 3 - 2 lead . A two - out RBI single by Garcia tied it in the fourth	True
Baltimore got a run back in the second , getting singles from Jones and Davis before Wieters delivered a sacrifice fly . In the third , Markakis walked before Jones connected to give the Orioles a brief 3 - 2 lead . A two - out RBI single by Garcia tied it in the fourth , and Detroit went up 4 - 3 in the fifth	False
A two - out RBI single by Garcia tied it in the fourth , and Detroit went up 4 - 3 in the fifth when Dirks and Cabrera singled ahead of a run-scoring grounder by Victor Martinez . Garcia hit his second homer of the season for a 5 - 3 lead in the sixth	False
Gee struck out a career-high 12 and limited the Yankees to four hits over 7 1/3 innings in a 3 - 1 victory Thursday night that completed the Mets ' four - game smothering of their famous foe from the Bronx . Marlon Byrd had a two - run , second-deck homer in the second	True
Gee struck out a career-high 12 and limited the Yankees to four hits over 7 1/3 innings in a 3 - 1 victory Thursday night that completed the Mets ' four - game smothering of their famous foe from the Bronx . Marlon Byrd had a two - run , second-deck homer in the second off rookie Vidal Nuno ( 1 - 2 ) , John Buck hit a slow-rolling RBI single off third base in the eighth	True
Since the start of interleague play in 1997 , the only Subway Series sweep had been by the Yankees , when they went 6 - 0 in 2003 . The Yankees began the week leading the AL East at 30 - 20 . And the Mets , who had never won four straight over the Yankees , were fourth	False
While Gee was n't missing the plate , he was missing something : whiskers . Since he pitched against Atlanta last weekend , Gee shaved off his beard and mustache . He escaped two - on , no-outs trouble in both the first	True
While Gee was n't missing the plate , he was missing something : whiskers . Since he pitched against Atlanta last weekend , Gee shaved off his beard and mustache . He escaped two - on , no-outs trouble in both the first and second innings , and then allowed just one more runner -- on Robinson Cano 's one - out homer in the third	True
While Gee was n't missing the plate , he was missing something : whiskers . Since he pitched against Atlanta last weekend , Gee shaved off his beard and mustache . He escaped two - on , no-outs trouble in both the first and second innings , and then allowed just one more runner -- on Robinson Cano 's one - out homer in the third , his 14th	False
He escaped two - on , no-outs trouble in both the first and second innings , and then allowed just one more runner -- on Robinson Cano 's one - out homer in the third , his 14th of the year . Gee and his bullpen then retired the Yankees ' last 20 batters . Scott Rice got the final two outs of the eighth	True
By that point , Carlos Beltran had already belted a two - run homer to give Lyons the lead . Matt Carpenter and Matt Holliday added solo shots in the sixth inning , and the Cardinals improved to a major league-best 20 - 9 on the road before heading home for two against KC at Busch Stadium . The only two hits that Lyons ( 2 - 0 ) allowed were to Billy Butler -- an RBI double in the first inning and a bloop single in the seventh	True
The only two hits that Lyons ( 2 - 0 ) allowed were to Billy Butler -- an RBI double in the first inning and a bloop single in the seventh , which ended a streak of 17 straight betters set aside . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the eighth inning in a driving rain for St. Louis , and Edward Mujica breezed through a perfect ninth	True
Other than the home runs , Santana was nearly as effectively on the mound . The Royals ' right-hander went 14 consecutive batters without allowing anybody on base at one point , and he was aided by double plays in the first	True
Vargas has lowered his ERA from 6.74 on April 16 to 3.43 . Trout led off the Angels ' three - run seventh	True
Vargas has lowered his ERA from 6.74 on April 16 to 3.43 . Trout led off the Angels ' three - run seventh with a walk and stole second	False
Trout scored the only run off Mendoza in the third inning and that was on a wild pitch with two out . He bumped into Mendoza at the plate . Miguel Tejada 's second home run of the week and the 306th of his career tied the score in the third	True
Miguel Tejada 's second home run of the week and the 306th of his career tied the score in the third . In the fifth	True
Miguel Tejada 's second home run of the week and the 306th of his career tied the score in the third . In the fifth , Lorenzo Cain singled and stole second	False
In the fifth , Lorenzo Cain singled and stole second . Vargas intentionally walked Tejada with two outs , but Chris Getz 's singled up the middle to score Cain . Luke Hochevar ( 0 - 1 ) , who replaced Mendoza , could not keep the 2 - 1 lead for long . Chris Iannetta homered for the second straight night to tie it 2 - 2 before the Angels broke it open in the seventh	True
Mendoza allowed seven hits and a run in five innings . He walked four and had two wild pitches . Garrett Richards , who replaced Vargas , got Getz to ground into a double play to end the eighth	True
Leadoff hitter Starling Marte singled and scored in each of the first two innings as Pittsburgh built an early 4 - 0 lead . The Pirates moved a season-best 11 games over .500 . The Cubs lost their fourth	False
The Cubs lost their fourth in a row . Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 7 ) gave up two runs in the first inning and two more in the second	True
Jason Grilli pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth inning and is a perfect 19 - for - 19 in save opportunities . Marte led off the bottom of the first inning with a single , stole second	False
Jason Grilli pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth inning and is a perfect 19 - for - 19 in save opportunities . Marte led off the bottom of the first inning with a single , stole second with one out and scored on McCutchen 's single . McCutchen stole second	False
Marte led off the bottom of the first inning with a single , stole second with one out and scored on McCutchen 's single . McCutchen stole second and scored on Michael McKenry 's single . Marte singled in the second	True
Marte singled in the second and scored on Travis Snider 's triple that rolled to the 410-foot notch in left-center field . McCutchen added his second RBI single . The Cubs got a run in the fourth	True
The Cubs got a run in the fourth when David DeJesus led off with a double and scored on Anthony Rizzo 's grounder . The Cubs had runners on the corners when two outs when play was halted , but Mazzaro got Welington Castillo to hit an inning-ending groundout after the delay . Chicago cut the deficit to 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
In part because Hammel got back on track , so did the Orioles . Yankees starter Hiroki Kuroda left in the third	True
Playing in his seventh game since returning from a broken wrist , Granderson batted leadoff and played center field for the first time . He came in batting .174 . David Adams hit a ninth-inning homer for the Yankees , his second	False
After Kuroda retired the first two batters he faced , Markakis homered . Adam Jones followed with a single and Davis hit a 3 - 2 pitch over the wall in center . In the second	True
After Kuroda retired the first two batters he faced , Markakis homered . Adam Jones followed with a single and Davis hit a 3 - 2 pitch over the wall in center . In the second , Nate McLouth singled with two outs , stole second	False
After Kuroda retired the first two batters he faced , Markakis homered . Adam Jones followed with a single and Davis hit a 3 - 2 pitch over the wall in center . In the second , Nate McLouth singled with two outs , stole second and took third	False
In the second , Nate McLouth singled with two outs , stole second and took third on Machado 's single off Kuroda 's leg . Although Markakis hit a fly to end the threat , at that point the Orioles had six hits -- one more than Kuroda allowed in his complete game shutout against Baltimore on April 14 . The Yankees got a run back in the third	True
Preston Claiborne entered , and Wieters homered on the rookie 's second pitch . It was the first run allowed by Claiborne after seven straight scoreless outings in the majors . Granderson homered in the fifth	True
Dunn hit a three - run homer in the first inning and the Chicago White Sox handed Jon Lester his first loss with a 6 - 4 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Monday night . Alejandro De Aza and Alexei Ramirez added consecutive RBI doubles in the second	True
Alejandro De Aza and Alexei Ramirez added consecutive RBI doubles in the second as Chicago took advantage of an ineffective Lester ( 6 - 1 ) to earn its fifth win in seven games in the opener of an eight - game homestand . The White Sox scored each of their runs with two outs . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who had won five in a row . Saltalamacchia made a bid for a second two - run shot , but Dayan Viciedo brought in his drive on the warning track in left-center with the White Sox clinging to a 6 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who had won five in a row . Saltalamacchia made a bid for a second two - run shot , but Dayan Viciedo brought in his drive on the warning track in left-center with the White Sox clinging to a 6 - 4 lead in the seventh . Boston right fielder Shane Victorino was running the bases in the sixth	True
Lester retired his first two batters before running into trouble . Alex Rios singled to extend his hitting streak to 15 games and Paul Konerko walked before Dunn drove a 2 - 0 pitch to right for his fifth homer in seven games and No . 11 on the year . Dunn also walked before Viciedo singled home Ramirez to make it 6 - 2 in the fifth	True
Dunn also walked before Viciedo singled home Ramirez to make it 6 - 2 in the fifth . The burly slugger is batting .360 with 13 RBIs in his last seven games , raising his average 39 points to .172 for the year . Lester retired the side in order in the sixth	True
Axelrod acknowledged that he thinks about his role with Danks almost back from August shoulder surgery , but Ventura said there 's still a bit to go before a decision has to be made . Matt Thornton yielded Will Middlebrooks ' two - run double in the seventh	True
Matt Thornton yielded Will Middlebrooks ' two - run double in the seventh and Jesse Crain extended his scoreless streak to 17 innings before Addison Reed finished for his 15th save in 16 chances . With one out and a runner on first	False
Matt Thornton yielded Will Middlebrooks ' two - run double in the seventh and Jesse Crain extended his scoreless streak to 17 innings before Addison Reed finished for his 15th save in 16 chances . With one out and a runner on first in the ninth	True
Matt Thornton yielded Will Middlebrooks ' two - run double in the seventh and Jesse Crain extended his scoreless streak to 17 innings before Addison Reed finished for his 15th save in 16 chances . With one out and a runner on first in the ninth , Middlebrooks hit a drive that De Aza caught at the wall in center field . Konerko then made a diving stop on Stephen Drew 's grounder and flipped the ball to Reed covering first	False
The Astros trailed by one in the fourth inning before Dominguez launched his fourth homer of the season in left field to give Houston a 6 - 4 lead . Dominguez has hit all of his homers in the past nine games and his 21 RBIs are second	False
Dominguez has hit all of his homers in the past nine games and his 21 RBIs are second on the team . Castro 's homer came in Houston 's two - run third inning before Kansas City took the lead on a three - run home run by Miguel Tejada in the fourth	True
Castro 's homer came in Houston 's two - run third inning before Kansas City took the lead on a three - run home run by Miguel Tejada in the fourth . It was his first homer since 2011 . Houston 's Dallas Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) allowed nine hits and four runs while striking out six in 6 2/3 innings for the win . He was helped by three double plays turned by his defense , which lead the majors with 60 . Closer Jose Veras struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
It was the first home run for the 38-year-old Tejada , who did n't play in the majors last season , since July 16 , 2011 . Carlos Pena walked and Paredes singled in the fourth	True
Carlos Pena walked and Paredes singled in the fourth before the homer by Dominguez put Houston up 6 - 4 . Marwin Gonzalez led off Houston 's third	True
Carlos Pena walked and Paredes singled in the fourth before the homer by Dominguez put Houston up 6 - 4 . Marwin Gonzalez led off Houston 's third with a single and advanced to second	False
Carlos Pena walked and Paredes singled in the fourth before the homer by Dominguez put Houston up 6 - 4 . Marwin Gonzalez led off Houston 's third with a single and advanced to second on a sacrifice bunt . Gonzalez took third	False
Hosmer and Francoeur hit consecutive one - out singles in the second inning before Johnson 's RBI single with two outs put Kansas City up 1 - 0 . Carter walked with one out in the second	True
DENVER -- Tyler Chatwood crossed up catcher Wilin Rosario , throwing a curve instead of a fastball , and it skipped past his catcher and bounced to the backstop . Buster Posey raced from second	False
DENVER -- Tyler Chatwood crossed up catcher Wilin Rosario , throwing a curve instead of a fastball , and it skipped past his catcher and bounced to the backstop . Buster Posey raced from second to third	False
In addition to his nifty defensive play to thwart a big second inning , Rosario drove in three runs for the Rockies , who beat the Giants for the second straight time after snapping a 10-game losing streak to them with a 10 - 9 win one night earlier . Lincecum ( 3 - 3 ) committed a costly throwing error that led to a three - run third inning and also had a balk when he slipped off the mound that led to another run in the fourth	True
In addition to his nifty defensive play to thwart a big second inning , Rosario drove in three runs for the Rockies , who beat the Giants for the second straight time after snapping a 10-game losing streak to them with a 10 - 9 win one night earlier . Lincecum ( 3 - 3 ) committed a costly throwing error that led to a three - run third inning and also had a balk when he slipped off the mound that led to another run in the fourth before Rosario took him deep for his ninth homer in the fifth	True
Then , he watched the Giants commit three more errors , giving them a dozen in the first five games of their six - game trip that wraps up Sunday at Coors Field . Posey airmailed a throw into center field on Carlos Gonzalez 's stolen base attempt in the first inning . Gonzalez trotted to third	False
Posey airmailed a throw into center field on Carlos Gonzalez 's stolen base attempt in the first inning . Gonzalez trotted to third but he was stranded there when Lincecum got Troy Tulowitzki to ground out to short to end the inning . In the top of the second inning , Posey tried to advance to third	False
The Giants ' second error proved more costly as Lincecum 's bad throw on a comebacker led to a big third inning for Colorado . Dexter Fowler doubled down the left-field line , scoring Charlie Blackmon from second	False
The last time the Giants committed 12 errors in a five - game span was April 18 - 22 , 1996 , according to the team . Lincecum slipped off the rubber while pitching to Blackmon in the fourth	True
The last time the Giants committed 12 errors in a five - game span was April 18 - 22 , 1996 , according to the team . Lincecum slipped off the rubber while pitching to Blackmon in the fourth , resulting in a balk that sent Nolan Arenado to second base . He took third	False
Lincecum slipped off the rubber while pitching to Blackmon in the fourth , resulting in a balk that sent Nolan Arenado to second base . He took third when Blackmon flied out to center and scored on Chatwood 's single back up the middle , making it 4 - 1 . The Giants put runners at the corners in the fifth	True
Lincecum slipped off the rubber while pitching to Blackmon in the fourth , resulting in a balk that sent Nolan Arenado to second base . He took third when Blackmon flied out to center and scored on Chatwood 's single back up the middle , making it 4 - 1 . The Giants put runners at the corners in the fifth but Posey grounded out to the mound to end the threat , and Rosario 's two - run homer , his ninth	False
Lincecum slipped off the rubber while pitching to Blackmon in the fourth , resulting in a balk that sent Nolan Arenado to second base . He took third when Blackmon flied out to center and scored on Chatwood 's single back up the middle , making it 4 - 1 . The Giants put runners at the corners in the fifth but Posey grounded out to the mound to end the threat , and Rosario 's two - run homer , his ninth , made it 6 - 1 in the fifth	True
All of the six runs Lincecum allowed in five innings were earned . He gave up seven hits and walked a pair . Rosario 's 60-foot dribbler down the third-base line off Jean Machi in the seventh drove in Fowler from third	False
Rosario 's 60-foot dribbler down the third-base line off Jean Machi in the seventh drove in Fowler from third to make it 7 - 1 . Crawford 's RBI single made it 7 - 2 in the eighth	False
Chicago announced before the game that Garza will come off the disabled list to pitch Tuesday in Pittsburgh , with Carlos Villanueva shuffling to the bullpen . Garza , who had 15 wins with Tampa Bay in 2010 , has been out all season with a strained lat muscle . The Cubs ( 18 - 24 ) were going for their first shutout since a victory over Colorado on Aug. 26 , but Rick Ankiel broke it up with a two - run homer off Hector Rondon with one out in the ninth	True
Feldman ( 4 - 3 ) allowed seven hits , struck out six and walked one in 6 2/3 innings . The right-hander improved to 4 - 0 with a 1.27 ERA in five games since he lost each of his first three starts in his first year with the Cubs . Feldman lifted the Cubs to 26 quality starts , tied with Washington for third	False
New York , which was trying to win three straight games for the second time this season , squandered a couple of chances to get off to a fast start . The Mets put runners on the corners in the first	True
New York , which was trying to win three straight games for the second time this season , squandered a couple of chances to get off to a fast start . The Mets put runners on the corners in the first when Ike Davis flied out for the second	True
New York , which was trying to win three straight games for the second time this season , squandered a couple of chances to get off to a fast start . The Mets put runners on the corners in the first when Ike Davis flied out for the second out . David Wright then stole second	False
The Mets put runners on the corners in the first when Ike Davis flied out for the second out . David Wright then stole second , but David DeJesus hauled in Lucas Duda 's fly ball to deep left-center at the wall to end the inning . New York had runners on second	False
The Mets put runners on the corners in the first when Ike Davis flied out for the second out . David Wright then stole second , but David DeJesus hauled in Lucas Duda 's fly ball to deep left-center at the wall to end the inning . New York had runners on second and third	False
The Mets put runners on the corners in the first when Ike Davis flied out for the second out . David Wright then stole second , but David DeJesus hauled in Lucas Duda 's fly ball to deep left-center at the wall to end the inning . New York had runners on second and third again in the second	True
New York had runners on second and third again in the second , but Mike Baxter popped out to shortstop to end the inning . Chicago then scored four times in the fourth inning . Luis Valbuena had a sacrifice fly and Welington Castillo singled in Alfonso Soriano . After Darwin Barney flied out for the second	True
Chicago then scored four times in the fourth inning . Luis Valbuena had a sacrifice fly and Welington Castillo singled in Alfonso Soriano . After Darwin Barney flied out for the second out , Feldman came up with a two - run double to give the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead . Rizzo tacked on his 10th homer in the fifth	True
Seeking his 250th win , Pettitte started feeling uncomfortable in the fourth inning , when Seattle took a 2 - 1 lead on an infield single by Brendan Ryan , who had been in a 5 - for - 60 slide . It lasted only until his first pitch of the fifth	True
Pettitte missed a start in April because of lower back spasms . This was diagnosed as a tight left trapezius muscle , near his pitching shoulder . It was too soon to determine whether he would miss his next turn . Stewart pulled up at third base in the seventh	True
Stewart , who took over as the Yankees ' starting catcher when Francisco Cervelli broke a hand last month , was replaced by Austin Romine . New York does n't have any other available catchers on its 40-man roster and would have to clear a spot for Bobby Wilson , who has been starting at Triple-A . Pettitte ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs , four hits and three walks in 4 2/3 innings with five strikeouts , struggling again with his command . In the fourth	True
Lefty Oliver Perez ( 1 - 0 ) , his career revived in Seattle , entered with runners at the corners and struck out Gardner and retired Jayson Nix on a popup . Seattle also got runs on Dustin Ackley 's RBI double in the second	True
Seattle also got runs on Dustin Ackley 's RBI double in the second and Michael Morse 's sixth-inning homer off former Mariners pitcher Shawn Kelley , a drive that bounced off the divider between Monument Park and the Yankees bullpen in right-center for his 10th homer this season . Granderson singled in the second	True
Seattle also got runs on Dustin Ackley 's RBI double in the second and Michael Morse 's sixth-inning homer off former Mariners pitcher Shawn Kelley , a drive that bounced off the divider between Monument Park and the Yankees bullpen in right-center for his 10th homer this season . Granderson singled in the second and scored when David Adams doubled for his first big league RBI . In his third game back from a broken arm , Granderson made his third career start at DH and had three hits . He doubled in the eighth	True
Granderson singled in the second and scored when David Adams doubled for his first big league RBI . In his third game back from a broken arm , Granderson made his third career start at DH and had three hits . He doubled in the eighth but Carter Capps retired rookie David Adams on a popup and struck out Ichiro Suzuki , who one inning earlier singled to stop an 0 - for - 22 slide . Tom Wilhelmsen finished to remain perfect in 11 save chances . He allowed a one - out single to Gardner , who stole second	False
Granderson singled in the second and scored when David Adams doubled for his first big league RBI . In his third game back from a broken arm , Granderson made his third career start at DH and had three hits . He doubled in the eighth but Carter Capps retired rookie David Adams on a popup and struck out Ichiro Suzuki , who one inning earlier singled to stop an 0 - for - 22 slide . Tom Wilhelmsen finished to remain perfect in 11 save chances . He allowed a one - out single to Gardner , who stole second and third	False
Gonzalez was 5 - for - 5 and fell a triple shy of a cycle , and Eric Young Jr. also homered for the Rockies , who had lost five of their last six . Colorado had scored 12 runs in those games , including eight Sunday at St. Louis . Colorado increased its lead to 5 - 0 in the third	True
Gonzalez was 5 - for - 5 and fell a triple shy of a cycle , and Eric Young Jr. also homered for the Rockies , who had lost five of their last six . Colorado had scored 12 runs in those games , including eight Sunday at St. Louis . Colorado increased its lead to 5 - 0 in the third when Gonzalez hit his eighth	False
Francis ( 2 - 3 ) , winless since April 5 , pitched six innings and gave up one run and three hits while striking out seven . After winning his first start , Francis was 0 - 3 with an 8.25 ERA over his next six outings . Francis slid awkwardly into second base in the sixth	True
Perhaps that was a good thing for the Cubs starter . That was apparent early , with the Rockies scoring five times in the first three innings . Young hit his home run in the second	True
Perhaps that was a good thing for the Cubs starter . That was apparent early , with the Rockies scoring five times in the first three innings . Young hit his home run in the second , Gonzalez got his first homer in the third	True
He allowed only a sacrifice fly by the Royals ' Alex Gordon and an RBI groundout by Alcides Escobar over 7 2/3 innings . The right-hander at one point went 15 batters without allowing a hit , and was so fired up that he argued with plate umpire Laz Diaz over a call in the eighth inning . David Robertson retired Butler to end the Royals ' eighth-inning rally , and Mariano Rivera worked around a leadoff single in the ninth	True
Rivera has converted his last 29 chances against the Royals dating to Aug. 18 , 1998 , his longest active streak against any team . His only other blown save against them happened in 1996 . Ervin Santana ( 3 - 2 ) gave up Cano 's two - run shot in the third inning , Wells ' solo homer two pitches later and an RBI single by Wells in the fifth	True
Rivera has converted his last 29 chances against the Royals dating to Aug. 18 , 1998 , his longest active streak against any team . His only other blown save against them happened in 1996 . Ervin Santana ( 3 - 2 ) gave up Cano 's two - run shot in the third inning , Wells ' solo homer two pitches later and an RBI single by Wells in the fifth . He departed with one out in the sixth	True
Santana , who had n't lost since his season debut April 3 at the White Sox , began his career 5 - 1 against the boys in pinstripes . He 's now 0 - 6 in his last nine starts against them . The Royals struck first	False
Santana , who had n't lost since his season debut April 3 at the White Sox , began his career 5 - 1 against the boys in pinstripes . He 's now 0 - 6 in his last nine starts against them . The Royals struck first when Jarrod Dyson doubled leading off the game . He advanced to third	False
That was all they 'd get off Kuroda until the eighth inning . New York pulled ahead in the third	True
Lincecum ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven in seven scoreless innings to end a three - start winless stretch in which he went 0 - 2 . The two - time NL Cy Young Award winner also stopped a four - start skid against Atlanta , beating the Braves for the first time since April 11 , 2010 . Belt hit a solo homer in the second	True
Lincecum ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven in seven scoreless innings to end a three - start winless stretch in which he went 0 - 2 . The two - time NL Cy Young Award winner also stopped a four - start skid against Atlanta , beating the Braves for the first time since April 11 , 2010 . Belt hit a solo homer in the second , Sandoval connected in the third	True
Lincecum ( 3 - 2 ) struck out seven in seven scoreless innings to end a three - start winless stretch in which he went 0 - 2 . The two - time NL Cy Young Award winner also stopped a four - start skid against Atlanta , beating the Braves for the first time since April 11 , 2010 . Belt hit a solo homer in the second , Sandoval connected in the third and Scutaro went deep leading off the fifth	True
Belt hit a solo homer in the second , Sandoval connected in the third and Scutaro went deep leading off the fifth . Gregor Blanco had an RBI double . Brandon Crawford added an RBI single in the fourth	False
Sandoval 's two - out drive in the third cleared the elevated right-field arcade and found the water in McCovey Cove , setting off a kayaking commotion in a frenzy to retrieve the souvenir ball . It was the 63rd splash homer by the Giants -- home run king Barry Bonds has 35 -- seventh	False
Sandoval 's two - out drive in the third cleared the elevated right-field arcade and found the water in McCovey Cove , setting off a kayaking commotion in a frenzy to retrieve the souvenir ball . It was the 63rd splash homer by the Giants -- home run king Barry Bonds has 35 -- seventh by Kung Fu Panda and second	False
The right-hander allowed five runs , three earned , walked a season-high five and struck out one in 5 1/3 innings . Umpires went to a replay review after Scutaro 's fly ball in the sixth	True
Strasburg ( 1 - 5 ) has n't won since Opening Day , April 1 , against the lowly Miami Marlins . The first	False
Strasburg ( 1 - 5 ) has n't won since Opening Day , April 1 , against the lowly Miami Marlins . The first of Washington third baseman Ryan Zimmerman 's pair of errors came with two outs in the fifth	True
He entered Saturday with a 3.45 ERA and was averaging 6 1/3 innings per start ; his five - inning stint against Chicago was his shortest outing of the season . And , to think , he actually got some defensive help right before the problems arrived . With one out in the fifth	True
He entered Saturday with a 3.45 ERA and was averaging 6 1/3 innings per start ; his five - inning stint against Chicago was his shortest outing of the season . And , to think , he actually got some defensive help right before the problems arrived . With one out in the fifth , Luis Valbuena laced a shot into the right-field corner for what should have been a stand-up double . Valbuena tried to stretch it into a triple and was thrown out at third	False
The Giants had n't beaten Hudson since April 8 , 2006 , a span during which he was 6 - 0 with a 2.48 ERA against San Francisco . Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) was cruising until the fourth	True
The six runs and seven hits were the most the Giants have managed in any single inning this season . Hudson tied his season high with six runs allowed in 3 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Braves did their only damage off Cain when Brian McCann crushed a two - run homer to right in the fifth	True
The Braves did their only damage off Cain when Brian McCann crushed a two - run homer to right in the fifth . It marked the 26th time an opponent knocked one into McCovey Cove on the fly , and it was the 88th `` splash hit '' overall since AT & T Park opened in 2000 . Cain delivered his best start of the season despite taking a liner off his hip from the bat of McCann in the second	True
Jarrod Dyson hit a three - run shot for the Royals , just the second homer of his career , and Mike Moustakas went deep in his second straight game . Alex Gordon also drove in a pair of runs . But it was n't enough offense to keep up with the Yankees , who scored six runs total during a three - game series in Colorado , but surpassed that amount with the first	True
It was the first time New York scored 10 or more runs since April 9 , and allowed the Yankees to improve to 20 - 9 since their ragged 1 - 4 start to the season . The Yankees came into the night with 42 homers , fifth	False
The Yankees came into the night with 42 homers , fifth in the majors , and wasted little time adding to the total . Suzuki followed a walk by Travis Hafner with his two - run shot in the second inning , and Overbay followed a double by Jayson Nix with his two - run homer . The Royals got most of their deficit back on Dyson 's three - run shot in the bottom of the second	True
The Royals got most of their deficit back on Dyson 's three - run shot in the bottom of the second . It was his first home run since Sept. 27 , 2010 , a span of 376 at-bats . Davis ran into more trouble in the fourth	True
The Royals got most of their deficit back on Dyson 's three - run shot in the bottom of the second . It was his first home run since Sept. 27 , 2010 , a span of 376 at-bats . Davis ran into more trouble in the fourth when Nix walked and Overbay drove him in with a double to make it 5 - 3 . But the Royals answered again in the fifth	False
Suzuki doubled and Nix singled to set up Overbay , who delivered his second double of the night . Nelson added a two - run single , and after Chris Stewart grounded into a fielder 's choice , Brett Gardner 's RBI triple and Robinson Cano 's run-scoring single gave New York a 10 - 5 lead . Moustakas added his solo homer in the sixth	True
Suzuki doubled and Nix singled to set up Overbay , who delivered his second double of the night . Nelson added a two - run single , and after Chris Stewart grounded into a fielder 's choice , Brett Gardner 's RBI triple and Robinson Cano 's run-scoring single gave New York a 10 - 5 lead . Moustakas added his solo homer in the sixth , but Yankees reliever Shawn Kelley retired the next seven Royals -- six of them by strikeout . Boone Logan finished up a quiet ninth	True
Machado had a tiebreaking RBI single in a three - run 10th inning as the Orioles rallied for a 9 - 6 win over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night . Machado -- who stayed in the game after fouling a ball hard off his ankle in the fifth -- rolled a single into right field that scored Chris Dickerson and broke a 6-all tie . Nick Markakis added a sacrifice fly and Adam Jones an RBI double to cap the scoring in the 10th	True
Machado -- who stayed in the game after fouling a ball hard off his ankle in the fifth -- rolled a single into right field that scored Chris Dickerson and broke a 6-all tie . Nick Markakis added a sacrifice fly and Adam Jones an RBI double to cap the scoring in the 10th . Tommy Hunter ( 3 - 1 ) did n't allow a run in 2 1/3 innings . Jim Johnson pitched a scoreless bottom of the 10th	True
Johnson started getting questions about the save streak at the end of last season . He treated questions about finally setting the record with a shrug , the same way he answered when the streak began . Anthony Swarzak ( 1 - 1 ) allowed all three runs in the 10th	True
Twins starter Mike Pelfrey had a 6 - 0 lead in the sixth inning and appeared to be cruising to his second straight win before Baltimore started smacking doubles all over the field . The Orioles hit four doubles off Pelfrey in the sixth	True
Twins starter Mike Pelfrey had a 6 - 0 lead in the sixth inning and appeared to be cruising to his second straight win before Baltimore started smacking doubles all over the field . The Orioles hit four doubles off Pelfrey in the sixth to make it 6 - 3 and added two more off reliever Josh Roenicke in the seventh	True
Chris Davis 's two - bagger off the scoreboard wall in right-center field scored Nick Markakis and made it 6 - 6 . Roenicke started the seventh	True
Roenicke started the seventh and allowed three runs and four hits and only recorded one out . Markakis -- a career .535 hitter against the Twins -- started the barrage of doubles with a leadoff double in the sixth	True
St. Louis ' six - game winning streak was its longest since an eight - game run in July 2010 , and Lynn was trying to be the National League 's first six - game winner . Carlos Marmol relieved Wood with two outs in the seventh	True
St. Louis ' six - game winning streak was its longest since an eight - game run in July 2010 , and Lynn was trying to be the National League 's first six - game winner . Carlos Marmol relieved Wood with two outs in the seventh and pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings . In the eighth	True
St. Louis ' six - game winning streak was its longest since an eight - game run in July 2010 , and Lynn was trying to be the National League 's first six - game winner . Carlos Marmol relieved Wood with two outs in the seventh and pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings . In the eighth he allowed a single to Yadier Molina and walked Jon Jay before getting out of the inning by picking Molina off between second	False
St. Louis ' six - game winning streak was its longest since an eight - game run in July 2010 , and Lynn was trying to be the National League 's first six - game winner . Carlos Marmol relieved Wood with two outs in the seventh and pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings . In the eighth he allowed a single to Yadier Molina and walked Jon Jay before getting out of the inning by picking Molina off between second and third	False
Carlos Marmol relieved Wood with two outs in the seventh and pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings . In the eighth he allowed a single to Yadier Molina and walked Jon Jay before getting out of the inning by picking Molina off between second and third . Molina stole second earlier in the inning , and Marmol stepped off the mound with the Cardinals catcher on second	False
Molina stole second earlier in the inning , and Marmol stepped off the mound with the Cardinals catcher on second . Kevin Gregg pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Cabrera drove in six runs for the fifth time in his career . The last time was against Oakland on Sept. 18 , 2012 . Cabrera has 10 hits in his last 20 at-bats over his past five games . Torii Hunter had four hits and drove in two runs as every Tigers starter had a hit . Victor Martinez drove in four and had a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The 15-run loss was Houston 's most lopsided defeat since a 19 - 3 loss to Colorado on Sept. 25 , 2011 . Scherzer allowed a leadoff single to Robbie Grossman in the first	True
The 15-run loss was Houston 's most lopsided defeat since a 19 - 3 loss to Colorado on Sept. 25 , 2011 . Scherzer allowed a leadoff single to Robbie Grossman in the first and sent down the next 16 batters until Matt Dominguez hit a two - out single in the sixth	True
Houston ( 8 - 23 ) has the worst record in the majors , having lost five in a row and nine of its last 10 games . Detroit , which scored at least one run in every inning except the third	True
Cabrera followed singles by Austin Jackson and Hunter with an RBI single to make it 1 - 0 , and two batters later , Andy Dirks doubled to score two more . Two batters later , Jhonny Peralta singled to bring home Dirks and give Detroit a 4 - 0 lead . Cabrera upped the lead to 6 - 0 in the second	True
Cabrera upped the lead to 6 - 0 in the second with a monstrous two - run home run off the facade in left field . Detroit made it 7 - 0 in the fourth	True
Cabrera upped the lead to 6 - 0 in the second with a monstrous two - run home run off the facade in left field . Detroit made it 7 - 0 in the fourth with a bases-loaded walk by Cabrera , and Alex Avila extended the lead to 8 - 0 with an RBI double in the fifth	True
Detroit made it 7 - 0 in the fourth with a bases-loaded walk by Cabrera , and Alex Avila extended the lead to 8 - 0 with an RBI double in the fifth . Cabrera started the sixth	True
Cabrera started the sixth by sending a Jose Cisnero offering off the facade in deep left field , his second home run making it 9 - 0 and giving him his 26th multi-homer game . Hunter , Cabrera and Prince Fielder added run-scoring singles in the seventh	True
Cabrera started the sixth by sending a Jose Cisnero offering off the facade in deep left field , his second home run making it 9 - 0 and giving him his 26th multi-homer game . Hunter , Cabrera and Prince Fielder added run-scoring singles in the seventh , and Peralta , Omar Infante and Hunter each had an RBI in the eighth	False
Hunter , Cabrera and Prince Fielder added run-scoring singles in the seventh , and Peralta , Omar Infante and Hunter each had an RBI in the eighth . Carlos Corporan ended the shutout with a solo home run in the seventh	True
Hunter , Cabrera and Prince Fielder added run-scoring singles in the seventh , and Peralta , Omar Infante and Hunter each had an RBI in the eighth . Carlos Corporan ended the shutout with a solo home run in the seventh , and Jason Castro had a run-scoring single in the ninth	False
Marcell Ozuna hit his first career homer and Chris Valaika connected for the first time in three years to stop Cole Hamels ( 1 - 4 ) . Fernandez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed just a single by Freddy Galvis up the middle in the first	True
Fernandez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed just a single by Freddy Galvis up the middle in the first . He then retired the next 17 batters . Fernandez walked Galvis in the seventh	True
Fernandez walked Galvis in the seventh , and followed that up by striking out Chase Utley , Ryan Howard and Delmon Young . Fernandez was lifted after throwing 82 pitches . Mike Dunn worked a perfect eighth	True
Hamels was a hard-luck loser again . He allowed two runs and four hits , striking out six in eight innings . Ozuna led off the second	True
Ozuna led off the second with a drive into the left-center field stands . Filling in for the injured Giancarlo Stanton , Ozuna has a hit in each of his first five games . Valaika , a late addition to the starting lineup , connected in the third	True
Roy Halladay and Cliff Lee , the Phillies ' other two high-priced aces , have fared only slightly little better . The Phillies are 5 - 14 when the $ 64.5 million trio of Hamels , Halladay or Lee start . They 're 9 - 3 when Kyle Kendrick , John Lannan and Jonathan Pettibone start . Hamels escaped a scary moment in the seventh	True
The 29-year-old Kazmir overcame a series of arm injuries and a stint with the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Atlantic League in 2012 . Nick Swisher homered in his first at-bat since missing three games with a sore shoulder . Jason Kipnis also homered in the first inning , added an RBI single in the second	True
Cleveland has won six straight for the first time since winning seven in a row April 26-May 3 , 2011 . Kevin Correia ( 3 - 2 ) failed to go seven innings for the first time in six starts this season . Rookie outfielder Aaron Hicks , the Twins ' top prospect , hit his first major league home run to lead off the fifth	True
Kazmir was 3 - 6 with a 5.34 ERA in 14 games for Sugar Land last season and signed a minor league contract with the Indians in January . He won a spot in the rotation in spring training , but ended up on the 15-day disabled list before the season started with a pulled muscle in his rib cage . Kipnis , who has six RBIs in his last two games , and Swisher both homered to right in the first	True
Correia , who had won three consecutive starts , allowed four runs in five innings . The Twins scored in the second	True
The Twins scored in the second on Pedro Florimon 's RBI single , but his misplay in the field helped the Indians add two in the bottom of the inning . After Michael Brantley 's single gave Cleveland a 3 - 1 lead , Florimon was unable to catch Kipnis ' popup that fell for a run-scoring single . The shortstop ranged into shallow left field , but the ball drifted away from him and dropped in . Kipnis tripled in the seventh	True
Ryan Doumit 's RBI single off Joe Smith in the eighth cut the lead to 6 - 3 , but Chris Parmelee flied out with two on to end the inning . Ezequiel Carrera had an RBI single in the bottom of the inning . Hicks , who is batting .123 , homered on Kazmir 's first pitch of the fifth	True
The Cardinals jumped in front in the third inning on a two - out , two - run home run by Holliday off Brewers starter Kyle Lohse ( 1 - 3 ) . Allen Craig followed with a single but was thrown out at the plate attempting to score on a double by Yadier Molina , one of three Cardinals thrown out at the plate . St. Louis extended its lead in the fifth	True
The Cardinals jumped in front in the third inning on a two - out , two - run home run by Holliday off Brewers starter Kyle Lohse ( 1 - 3 ) . Allen Craig followed with a single but was thrown out at the plate attempting to score on a double by Yadier Molina , one of three Cardinals thrown out at the plate . St. Louis extended its lead in the fifth on Jon Jay 's two - run double . Beltran added a solo home run leading off the seventh	True
Tillman returned to his hometown and outpitched Joe Blanton with eight scoreless innings of three - hit ball , right fielder Nick Markakis threw out Mike Trout at the plate , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 1 on Thursday night . Markakis also hit an RBI double , and Nate McLouth hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Blanton ( 0 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits over eight innings , and is winless in his first six starts of a season for the second time in his 10-year career . The right-hander was 0 - 5 through his first 10 starts in 2005 with Oakland . Manny Machado 's RBI single in the third inning extended his hitting streak to 11 games . Blanton did n't allow another hit until the sixth	True
Chris Davis followed with a double into the right-field corner , and Jones legged it all the way around -- just beating second baseman Howie Kendrick 's relay from Josh Hamilton . The Orioles made it 3 - 0 in the seventh	True
The Orioles made it 3 - 0 in the seventh with Markakis ' two - out RBI double after a two - base throwing error by Brendan Harris , who charged Nolan Reimold 's grounder and barehanded the ball before air-mailing it into the first row behind the Orioles ' dugout . Tillman walked two batters in the first	True
Tommy Milone ( 3 - 3 ) gave up four runs on seven hits over seven innings . He did not walk a batter and matched his career high with 10 strikeouts . Milone has lost three consecutive starts . Kendrick gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead when he homered over the center field fence with two outs in the second	True
Kendrick gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead when he homered over the center field fence with two outs in the second . Donaldson and Freiman hit back-to-back doubles to give the A 's a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Kendrick gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead when he homered over the center field fence with two outs in the second . Donaldson and Freiman hit back-to-back doubles to give the A 's a 2 - 1 lead in the third but J. B. Shuck singled in a run to tie it in the fifth	False
Donaldson and Freiman hit back-to-back doubles to give the A 's a 2 - 1 lead in the third but J. B. Shuck singled in a run to tie it in the fifth . Trout led off the sixth	False
Trout led off the sixth with a home run and Trumbo hit a ball off the top of the out-of-town scoreboard one out later . It was originally ruled a double but following a television review he was awarded the home run . Trout tripled to center -- Yoenis Cespedes slipped on the warning track -- and scored on Luis Pujols ' sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Trout tripled to center -- Yoenis Cespedes slipped on the warning track -- and scored on Luis Pujols ' sacrifice fly in the eighth to make it 5 - 2 . Michael Kohn walked a hitter to lead off the eighth	True
The A 's lost for the first time in 23 games against the Angels when scoring at least four runs . Frieri hit Cespedes to open the ninth	True
Morse became the first Seattle hitter to have nine homers in the team 's first 30 games since Mike Cameron in 2002 . Cameron 's total included a four - homer game , and Morse was slowed in April by a small fracture in the little finger on his right hand . Seattle was hitting just .230 on the season with two outs but scored four runs on key two - out hits . Jason Bay got the Mariners started with a double into the left-field corner to score Morales in the first	True
Seattle was hitting just .230 on the season with two outs but scored four runs on key two - out hits . Jason Bay got the Mariners started with a double into the left-field corner to score Morales in the first after Chen easily got the first two outs of the game . The Mariners scored twice in the second	True
The Mariners scored twice in the second , including the first triple in the career of slow-footed Seattle catcher Jesus Montero . Leading off the inning , Montero hit a drive to deep left-center that Adam Jones was tracking . Jones seemed confident enough that he blew a bubble with his gum as he chased the long fly ball but watched as the ball deflected off the edge of his glove just before he crashed hard into the wall . Montero scored on Saunders ' single , and Morales followed with another two - out RBI base hit for a 3 - 0 lead . Morse then capped Chen 's miserable night with his drive to right-center in the fourth	True
Morse then capped Chen 's miserable night with his drive to right-center in the fourth . Chen matched the shortest start of his career , lasting just four innings , giving up five runs and eight hits , and walking three . Morales and the Mariners were not done , adding three more in the sixth	True
Morales and the Mariners were not done , adding three more in the sixth . Morales hit a two - run double to center and scored on Bay 's sacrifice fly . It was just the third time this season the Mariners scored more than seven runs . Harang ( 1 - 3 ) was knocked around in his three previous outings , failing to pitch past the fifth	True
Harang ( 1 - 3 ) was knocked around in his three previous outings , failing to pitch past the fifth in any while allowing 13 earned runs in his previous two outings , against Texas and the Los Angeles Angels . That all changed against the Orioles . Getting ahead of batters , Harang took a one - hit shutout into the sixth inning . He retired 12 of the first 13 batters he faced , and Matt Wieters was the only Baltimore batter to reach with a two - out double in the second	True
That all changed against the Orioles . Getting ahead of batters , Harang took a one - hit shutout into the sixth inning . He retired 12 of the first 13 batters he faced , and Matt Wieters was the only Baltimore batter to reach with a two - out double in the second . Harang finally found trouble in the sixth	True
Chris Tillman ( 10 - 2 ) gave up two runs and five hits over six innings to win his sixth straight start and reach a career high for wins in a season . The right-hander is 7 - 0 in eight starts since May 19 . Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
Kuroda went six - plus innings . The three homers he allowed were a season high , after allowing only two homers in his previous four starts . The Orioles activated Brian Roberts from the disabled list , where he had languished since April 5 with a right hamstring injury . Batting ninth	True
The Orioles activated Brian Roberts from the disabled list , where he had languished since April 5 with a right hamstring injury . Batting ninth as Baltimore 's designated hitter , Roberts went 1 for 2 with a sacrifice fly in his fourth game of the season . Machado got Baltimore a first-inning run with his first homer since May 5 . The Yankees tied it in the second	True
Davis opened the bottom half with an opposite-field drive to left field , his second career homer against Kuroda in 15 at-bats . A solo shot by McLouth made it 3 - 1 in the third	True
A solo shot by McLouth made it 3 - 1 in the third , his fourth hit in 24 career at-bats against Kuroda . Robinson hit his team-leading 17th homer in the sixth	True
A solo shot by McLouth made it 3 - 1 in the third , his fourth hit in 24 career at-bats against Kuroda . Robinson hit his team-leading 17th homer in the sixth , and Roberts made it 4 - 2 in the seventh	False
Thankfully for Los Angeles , Scioscia 's offense woke up when Norris left the game before the eighth inning and found a way to put the Astros away for a 4 - 2 win on Friday night . Pinch-runner Peter Bourjos scored the go-ahead run in the eighth	True
Thankfully for Los Angeles , Scioscia 's offense woke up when Norris left the game before the eighth inning and found a way to put the Astros away for a 4 - 2 win on Friday night . Pinch-runner Peter Bourjos scored the go-ahead run in the eighth on an error and Erick Aybar added a two - run single in the ninth	False
Pinch-runner Peter Bourjos scored the go-ahead run in the eighth on an error and Erick Aybar added a two - run single in the ninth to help the Angels to the victory . Hank Conger doubled off Paul Clemens ( 4 - 3 ) to start the eighth	True
Pinch-runner Peter Bourjos scored the go-ahead run in the eighth on an error and Erick Aybar added a two - run single in the ninth to help the Angels to the victory . Hank Conger doubled off Paul Clemens ( 4 - 3 ) to start the eighth . Conger was replaced by Bourjos before Aybar drew a walk . Bourjos took third	False
Pinch-runner Peter Bourjos scored the go-ahead run in the eighth on an error and Erick Aybar added a two - run single in the ninth to help the Angels to the victory . Hank Conger doubled off Paul Clemens ( 4 - 3 ) to start the eighth . Conger was replaced by Bourjos before Aybar drew a walk . Bourjos took third on a fly out by J. B. Shuck . Shortstop Ronny Cedeno 's error on the play , when he bounced the ball trying to pick off Aybar at second	False
Hank Conger doubled off Paul Clemens ( 4 - 3 ) to start the eighth . Conger was replaced by Bourjos before Aybar drew a walk . Bourjos took third on a fly out by J. B. Shuck . Shortstop Ronny Cedeno 's error on the play , when he bounced the ball trying to pick off Aybar at second , allowed Bourjos to dash home just ahead of the throw . Aybar 's bases-loaded single sent two home and extended the lead to 4 - 1 in the ninth	True
Aybar 's bases-loaded single sent two home and extended the lead to 4 - 1 in the ninth . Houston 's Jason Castro homered in the fourth	True
Aybar 's bases-loaded single sent two home and extended the lead to 4 - 1 in the ninth . Houston 's Jason Castro homered in the fourth before Mike Trout tied it at 1 with an RBI single in the sixth	False
Conger was glad they were finally able to win a game against the Astros when Norris was pitching and extend their winning streak to four games . Los Angeles starter Jerome Williams limited Houston to five hits and a run over 6 1/3 innings . Dane De La Rosa ( 3 - 1 ) and Kevin Jepsen pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings before Ernesto Frieri allowed one run in the ninth	True
Houston manager Bo Porter was disappointed with the two errors his team made that led to two runs . The Astros lead the majors with 63 errors this season . Houston had several chances to add to its run total . Perhaps the best opportunity came in the eighth inning . Jose Altuve walked with one out and stole second base . A single by Brett Wallace sent him to third	False
Houston had several chances to add to its run total . Perhaps the best opportunity came in the eighth inning . Jose Altuve walked with one out and stole second base . A single by Brett Wallace sent him to third but Jepsen retired Castro and Chris Carter to end the threat . Castro opened Houston 's fourth	True
Houston had several chances to add to its run total . Perhaps the best opportunity came in the eighth inning . Jose Altuve walked with one out and stole second base . A single by Brett Wallace sent him to third but Jepsen retired Castro and Chris Carter to end the threat . Castro opened Houston 's fourth with his homer to the bullpen in right-center to make it 1 - 0 . Williams got back on track after that , retiring the next three batters . Cedeno walked with no outs in the fifth	True
Houston had several chances to add to its run total . Perhaps the best opportunity came in the eighth inning . Jose Altuve walked with one out and stole second base . A single by Brett Wallace sent him to third but Jepsen retired Castro and Chris Carter to end the threat . Castro opened Houston 's fourth with his homer to the bullpen in right-center to make it 1 - 0 . Williams got back on track after that , retiring the next three batters . Cedeno walked with no outs in the fifth , but Williams still faced the minimum in that inning when Cedeno was thrown out trying to steal second	False
Castro opened Houston 's fourth with his homer to the bullpen in right-center to make it 1 - 0 . Williams got back on track after that , retiring the next three batters . Cedeno walked with no outs in the fifth , but Williams still faced the minimum in that inning when Cedeno was thrown out trying to steal second on a strikeout by Barnes . Aybar started the sixth	True
Castro opened Houston 's fourth with his homer to the bullpen in right-center to make it 1 - 0 . Williams got back on track after that , retiring the next three batters . Cedeno walked with no outs in the fifth , but Williams still faced the minimum in that inning when Cedeno was thrown out trying to steal second on a strikeout by Barnes . Aybar started the sixth with a single and advanced to second	False
Aybar started the sixth with a single and advanced to second on an error by Brandon Barnes . A one - out single by Trout sent Aybar home to tie it at 1-all . Altuve singled in the sixth	False
Aybar started the sixth with a single and advanced to second on an error by Brandon Barnes . A one - out single by Trout sent Aybar home to tie it at 1-all . Altuve singled in the sixth before Castro took a one - out walk . But Houston came away empty-handed when Altuve was caught trying to steal third	False
Altuve singled in the sixth before Castro took a one - out walk . But Houston came away empty-handed when Altuve was caught trying to steal third before Carter grounded into a force out . Carlos Pena and J. D. Martinez hit back-to-back singles to start the seventh	False
Altuve singled in the sixth before Castro took a one - out walk . But Houston came away empty-handed when Altuve was caught trying to steal third before Carter grounded into a force out . Carlos Pena and J. D. Martinez hit back-to-back singles to start the seventh and chase Williams . Pena was thrown out trying to advance to third	False
De La Rosa struck out Cedeno before center fielder Trout made an excellent running catch on a sharp fly ball hit by Matt Dominguez to end the inning . Barnes made a pair of nifty defensive plays in the third inning . The first one came when he sprinted and leaped to grab a fly ball hit by Conger before crashing into the padded wall in center field and falling to the ground for the first	True
De La Rosa struck out Cedeno before center fielder Trout made an excellent running catch on a sharp fly ball hit by Matt Dominguez to end the inning . Barnes made a pair of nifty defensive plays in the third inning . The first one came when he sprinted and leaped to grab a fly ball hit by Conger before crashing into the padded wall in center field and falling to the ground for the first out of the third	True
`` I'm pitching well , but the reason I'm 12 - 0 is because of my offense , '' he added . `` You got to see firsthand today the best player in the game hitting two home runs on three pitches and going 4 for 4 . And Prince hits a bomb . It 's the offense that set me up . '' Scherzer became the first	False
It helps to have Cabrera in the middle of the lineup . The 2012 AL MVP went 4 - for - 4 and drove in three runs , boosting his major league-leading batting average to .377 with 24 homers and 81 RBIs , also tops in the big leagues . He hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Alex Colome ( 1 - 1 ) to extend his hitting streak to a season-best 13 games , then added a solo shot off the rookie for a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The 2012 AL MVP went 4 - for - 4 and drove in three runs , boosting his major league-leading batting average to .377 with 24 homers and 81 RBIs , also tops in the big leagues . He hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Alex Colome ( 1 - 1 ) to extend his hitting streak to a season-best 13 games , then added a solo shot off the rookie for a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Cabrera also singled in the sixth	True
The 2012 AL MVP went 4 - for - 4 and drove in three runs , boosting his major league-leading batting average to .377 with 24 homers and 81 RBIs , also tops in the big leagues . He hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Alex Colome ( 1 - 1 ) to extend his hitting streak to a season-best 13 games , then added a solo shot off the rookie for a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Cabrera also singled in the sixth , giving him three of Detroit 's four hits off Colome . Fielder doubled in the fourth	True
Cabrera also singled in the sixth , giving him three of Detroit 's four hits off Colome . Fielder doubled in the fourth , tagged up and hustled to third base on Victor Martinez 's fly ball to right and eventually scored on a wild pitch to make it 4 - 0 before the Rays gradually climbed back into the game . Ben Zobrist and Wil Myers hit solo homers for Tampa Bay . Luke Scott 's RBI double trimmed Scherzer 's lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh	False
Ben Zobrist and Wil Myers hit solo homers for Tampa Bay . Luke Scott 's RBI double trimmed Scherzer 's lead to 4 - 3 in the seventh . Cabrera doubled off Kyle Farnsworth in the eighth	False
Cabrera , who leads the majors in hits and RBIs and is second behind Baltimore 's Chris Davis in home runs , was asked how far Fielder 's homer might have gone if it had n't hit something . Al Alburquerque and Drew Smyly worked a scoreless eighth	True
Al Alburquerque and Drew Smyly worked a scoreless eighth for the Tigers . Joaquin Benoit finished a combined five - hitter , earning his fifth save . Scherzer , who 's fanned at least six in each of his 16 starts this season , retired 11 in a row before Zobrist 's first-pitch drive to right with two outs in the fourth	True
Al Alburquerque and Drew Smyly worked a scoreless eighth for the Tigers . Joaquin Benoit finished a combined five - hitter , earning his fifth save . Scherzer , who 's fanned at least six in each of his 16 starts this season , retired 11 in a row before Zobrist 's first-pitch drive to right with two outs in the fourth . The closest the Rays had come to getting a hit up until then was Evan Longoria 's second-inning grounder over the mound that Omar Infante ran down behind second base before making an off-balance throw to first	False
HOUSTON -- When Lance Lynn began to struggle with his control , the Houston Astros made the most of the opportunity . Erik Bedard pitched six effective innings and the Astros used a four - run fourth	True
Erik Bedard pitched six effective innings and the Astros used a four - run fourth to beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Wednesday night . Bedard ( 3 - 3 ) allowed seven hits and walked one , but limited St. Louis to three runs . Josh Fields , Wesley Wright and Jose Cisnero then combined to pitch two hitless innings before Jose Veras worked the ninth	True
Lynn ( 10 - 2 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out four over 7 2/3 innings for his first loss in four career starts in Houston . Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said it looked as if Lynn lost his rhythm in the fourth	True
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said it looked as if Lynn lost his rhythm in the fourth . Molina and Craig helped the Cardinals get off to a nice start . Molina followed Carpenter 's leadoff single in the first	True
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said it looked as if Lynn lost his rhythm in the fourth . Molina and Craig helped the Cardinals get off to a nice start . Molina followed Carpenter 's leadoff single in the first with a drive to the Crawford Boxes in left field for his sixth homer . Craig had a leadoff drive in the fourth	True
Castro came home when J. D. Martinez grounded into a fielder 's choice , and Brett Wallace then hit a tying RBI single . After another fielder 's choice , Brandon Barnes singled in Wallace to give Houston the lead for good . The Astros threatened again in the fifth	True
Castro came home when J. D. Martinez grounded into a fielder 's choice , and Brett Wallace then hit a tying RBI single . After another fielder 's choice , Brandon Barnes singled in Wallace to give Houston the lead for good . The Astros threatened again in the fifth , putting two runners on with two out , but Lynn retired Martinez to end the inning . That was the first	False
The Astros threatened again in the fifth , putting two runners on with two out , but Lynn retired Martinez to end the inning . That was the first of eight straight batters retired by Lynn , who began the day with a 3 - 0 record and a 2.00 ERA in three games in Houston . Fields retired the first two St. Louis batters in the seventh	True
Fields retired the first two St. Louis batters in the seventh before left-hander Wright struck out Carpenter . Cisnero faced the heart of the Cardinals ' order in the eighth	True
Marcum pitched eight shutout innings for his first win of the season , and Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in a run to lead the Mets to a 3 - 0 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night . Marcum ( 1 - 9 ) won for the first time since Oct. 1 , 2012 , while pitching for Milwaukee . He avoided becoming the first	False
`` He knows , we know he does n't belong there . '' Bobby Parnell pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chicago 's John Danks ( 1 - 5 ) allowed three runs -- one earned -- on seven hits . He struck out seven and did n't walk anyone in 7 1/3 innings . Danks was hurt by a key error by Alexei Ramirez in the fifth	True
Danks retired the first nine batters before giving up a leadoff single to Young in the fourth inning . Danks had retired 30 consecutive batters at home , dating to June 8 in a win against Oakland . In the fifth inning , Josh Satin led off with a single , and one out later moved to third	False
Danks retired the first nine batters before giving up a leadoff single to Young in the fourth inning . Danks had retired 30 consecutive batters at home , dating to June 8 in a win against Oakland . In the fifth inning , Josh Satin led off with a single , and one out later moved to third on Andrew Brown 's single with Brown taking second	False
White Sox manager Robin Ventura does n't foresee taking Viciedo out of the lineup despite his struggles in the outfield and at the plate . Marcum benefited from a nice defensive inning in the fifth	True
Marcum benefited from a nice defensive inning in the fifth . Second baseman Daniel Murphy took a barehanded flip to turn a double play , and shortstop Omar Quintanilla threw out Tyler Flowers from the outfield grass to end the inning . In the ninth	True
Marcum benefited from a nice defensive inning in the fifth . Second baseman Daniel Murphy took a barehanded flip to turn a double play , and shortstop Omar Quintanilla threw out Tyler Flowers from the outfield grass to end the inning . In the ninth , Quintanilla made a sliding a stop on Ramirez 's ball , turned around and made a long , strong throw for the second	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Pittsburgh closer Jason Grilli and Los Angeles Angels counterpart Ernesto Frieri each gave up three runs Sunday . The final outcome came down to one pitch that Mike Trout missed . Pedro Alvarez homered for the fourth straight game , Starling Marte capped a three - run ninth inning with a tying single , and the Pirates added four more in the 10th	True
Pedro Alvarez homered for the fourth straight game , Starling Marte capped a three - run ninth inning with a tying single , and the Pirates added four more in the 10th to beat the Angels 10 - 9 and complete their first interleague sweep on the road . Trailing 6 - 3 entering the ninth	True
Next came a pinch-hit RBI double by Russell Martin over the head of rookie left fielder J. B. Shuck , followed by Marte 's clutch hit . Martin drove in the final run -- and ultimately the decisive one -- with an RBI single in the 10th	True
Martin drove in the final run -- and ultimately the decisive one -- with an RBI single in the 10th . Alvarez led off the 10th	True
A pair of one - out walks , one of them intentional to Walker , loaded the bases and brought up Travis Snider . He promptly lined a single to left that bounced over Shuck 's head for an error and all the way to the fence as all three runners scored . Grilli closed it out despite giving up five hits , including RBI singles by Alberto Callaspo , Shuck and Brendan Harris . The right-hander finally ended it by striking out Trout with the potential tying and winning runs at third	False
A pair of one - out walks , one of them intentional to Walker , loaded the bases and brought up Travis Snider . He promptly lined a single to left that bounced over Shuck 's head for an error and all the way to the fence as all three runners scored . Grilli closed it out despite giving up five hits , including RBI singles by Alberto Callaspo , Shuck and Brendan Harris . The right-hander finally ended it by striking out Trout with the potential tying and winning runs at third and second	False
For the third straight game , Alvarez homered his first time up after tagging Jered Weaver on Friday and Jerome Williams on Saturday . He is hitting .272 with 19 homers and 50 RBIs over his last 55 games , after batting .089 with one RBI in his first 13 games . The Angels pulled ahead 5 - 1 in the second	True
The Angels pulled ahead 5 - 1 in the second , parlaying errors by second baseman Walker and third baseman Alvarez into five runs -- three of which were unearned . Pittsburgh came back with a pair of unearned runs in the third	True
Pittsburgh came back with a pair of unearned runs in the third . Bourjos hurt his left thumb on a takeout slide and came out of the game . Newly acquired Brad Hawpe entered in right as the Angeles shuffled outfielders and then drove in the team 's sixth run with a two - out single in the fourth	True
CHICAGO -- The Houston Astros used power hitting and precision execution to turn an early deficit into an exciting victory . Ronny Cedeno 's squeeze bunt scored Justin Maxwell with the tiebreaking run in the ninth inning to lead Houston over the Chicago Cubs 4 - 3 on Saturday after J. D. Martinez hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Martinez did just that by tying the score with a long home run after Jose Altuve and Chris Carter singled . Jose Cisnero ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , escaping a bases-loaded jam in the eighth	True
Jose Cisnero ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , escaping a bases-loaded jam in the eighth . Jose Veras earned his 15th save in 18 chances . Maxwell hit a leadoff double in the ninth	True
Jose Cisnero ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , escaping a bases-loaded jam in the eighth . Jose Veras earned his 15th save in 18 chances . Maxwell hit a leadoff double in the ninth against Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) and moved to third	False
Maxwell hit a leadoff double in the ninth against Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) and moved to third on Matt Dominguez 's sacrifice . Cedeno followed with another sacrifice bunt , putting the Astros ahead . Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer in the fifth to give the Cubs a 3 - 0 lead . It was his 10th homer this season , setting a career high . Alfonso Soriano reached scoring position in the bottom of the eighth	False
Chicago starter Travis Wood appeared to be in control after getting a pair of outs to start the sixth inning . But after hard-hit singles by Altuve and Carter , Martinez tied the game with a long home run that cleared the left-field bleachers on its way to Waveland Avenue . Wood had given up just two hits heading into the sixth	True
Wood had given up just two hits heading into the sixth and looked primed to earn his first victory in his last four starts . Luis Valbuena put the Cubs ahead with a two - run single in the third	True
Luis Valbuena put the Cubs ahead with a two - run single in the third after a pair of Houston errors . Barney hit a grounder to third	False
Luis Valbuena put the Cubs ahead with a two - run single in the third after a pair of Houston errors . Barney hit a grounder to third that looked like a sure double play , but Dominguez threw high to second	False
Black said Richard would head to the disabled list with inflammation in the left acromioclavicular joint , located at the top of the shoulder near the collarbone , and pain in his neck and upper chest . Stauffer allowed a run in the top of the first	True
Black said Richard would head to the disabled list with inflammation in the left acromioclavicular joint , located at the top of the shoulder near the collarbone , and pain in his neck and upper chest . Stauffer allowed a run in the top of the first , but Denorfia homered off Kershaw in the bottom half to tie it 1-all . Then the Padres added three more runs in the third	True
The Padres continue to play well even though shortstop Everth Cabrera , first baseman Yonder Alonso and rookie second baseman Jedd Gyorko are on the disabled list , and left fielder Carlos Quentin continues to be slowed by injuries . Ciriaco , obtained from Boston last Friday after Cabrera went on the DL , tripled in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The defensive gems stood out . The Padres had impressive catches against consecutive batters in the seventh	True
The Padres had impressive catches against consecutive batters in the seventh . A retreating Forsythe made a sprawling catch of Mark Ellis ' blooper and Denorfia tumbled over the low wall along the line to catch a foul ball by pinch hitter Elian Herrera . In the eighth	True
Starter Jason Marquis called the plays `` pretty special . We 've been making those plays all year , no matter who 's out there . That 's one of the reasons we 've been so successful this year -- not giving teams extra outs , making some spectacular plays and keeping guys out of scoring position . No matter who 's out there , they 're doing everything they can to keep guys off the bases and it makes our job a lot easier . '' Even Dodgers second baseman Ellis , who committed an error in the two - run fifth	True
It was L. A. 's first visit to Petco Park since the teams brawled on April 11 after Zack Greinke hit Padres slugger Carlos Quentin with a pitch . Quentin rushed the mound and slammed into Greinke , breaking the pitcher 's left collarbone . Greinke is scheduled to start Saturday night . Ciriaco capped his big night with a homer to left off Peter Moylan with one out in the eighth	True
It was L. A. 's first visit to Petco Park since the teams brawled on April 11 after Zack Greinke hit Padres slugger Carlos Quentin with a pitch . Quentin rushed the mound and slammed into Greinke , breaking the pitcher 's left collarbone . Greinke is scheduled to start Saturday night . Ciriaco capped his big night with a homer to left off Peter Moylan with one out in the eighth for a 6 - 2 lead . It was his first	False
Ciriaco capped his big night with a homer to left off Peter Moylan with one out in the eighth for a 6 - 2 lead . It was his first with the Padres and second overall . In the seventh	True
Ciriaco capped his big night with a homer to left off Peter Moylan with one out in the eighth for a 6 - 2 lead . It was his first with the Padres and second overall . In the seventh , Ciriaco tripled into the gap in left-center to bring in Yasmani Grandal , who reached on a leadoff , opposite-field double down the left-field line . The ball got caught behind padding on the fence and Grandal had to hold up at second	False
After Forsythe walked , Ciriaco was thrown out at home when first baseman Adrian Gonzalez raced in , scooped up Will Venable 's bunt and threw to catcher A. J. Ellis for the tag . Chase Headley , who struck out in his first three at-bats , singled up the middle to bring in Forsythe . Nick Vincent ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the seventh	True
Nick Vincent ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the seventh for the win . Puig , a 22-year-old Cuban defector , drove a fastball from Marquis an estimated 406 feet into the sandy play area beyond the fence in right-center with one out in the first	True
Marquis was much more careful against Puig after that , striking out the phenom on sliders his next two times up . Puig made his big league debut June 3 against the Padres , hitting two singles and making a strong throw from right field to first	False
The next night , he hit two homers and drove in five runs as the Dodgers rallied to beat the Padres 9 - 7 . San Diego went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
San Diego went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth on consecutive RBI singles by Marquis and Forsythe . One run was unearned because of Mark Ellis ' fielding error . L. A. tied it in the sixth	False
L. A. tied it in the sixth when Uribe 's sacrifice fly brought in Hanley Ramirez . A. J. Ellis homered off Huston Street in the ninth	True
L. A. tied it in the sixth when Uribe 's sacrifice fly brought in Hanley Ramirez . A. J. Ellis homered off Huston Street in the ninth , his third	False
The rookie right-hander stayed in just long enough to become the first Rangers starter to get a victory in June . David Murphy and Leonys Martin singled and scored in Texas ' two - run fifth	True
David Murphy and Leonys Martin singled and scored in Texas ' two - run fifth , and the Rangers rallied to beat the A 's 9 - 4 on Wednesday night . Oakland went ahead 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
Ian Kinsler hit a sacrifice fly off Tommy Milone ( 6 - 7 ) in the bottom half that scored Murphy . Martin raced home on a grounder for the go-ahead run . Nelson Cruz , hitting third	True
With only their fourth win in 14 games , the Rangers pulled within two games of Oakland . The A 's will go for a split in the finale of the four - game series Thursday , but will leave Texas still in first place regardless of what happens . In the Oakland fifth	True
Before that , the A 's did n't have a runner get past first base . But their lead did n't last long after Grimm 's last pitch . Murphy and Martin , left-handed hitters at the bottom of the Texas batting order , had consecutive singles off lefty Milone to start the fifth	True
Before that , the A 's did n't have a runner get past first base . But their lead did n't last long after Grimm 's last pitch . Murphy and Martin , left-handed hitters at the bottom of the Texas batting order , had consecutive singles off lefty Milone to start the fifth . Murphy scored on Kinsler 's fly ball and Martin immediately took off from third	False
Third baseman Josh Donaldson 's throw was to the first base-side of the plate , and by time Derek Norris caught it and reached back to try to apply a tag , Martin had slid past him and reached back with his hand to slap the plate . Murphy had only seven hits in his previous 51 at-bats before hits in three consecutive innings -- two singles before a double in the seventh	True
Murphy had only seven hits in his previous 51 at-bats before hits in three consecutive innings -- two singles before a double in the seventh . Robinson Chirinos and Murphy had consecutive one - singles in the sixth	True
Robinson Chirinos and Murphy had consecutive one - singles in the sixth to chase Milone , who allowed six runs and eight hits . Martin and Kinsler greeted Dan Otero with consecutive RBI singles . Jaso , who was getting a break before Thursday 's day game , had to come in after Norris was struck by a foul tip off Adrian Beltre 's bat in the sixth	True
Rogers has made that decision look smart , going 2 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in four starts since . Rogers did n't give up a hit until Jonathan Herrera singled with one out in the sixth	True
Jeff Francis ( 2 - 5 ) allowed season highs of eight runs and 10 hits in six innings , losing for the first time in four career starts against Toronto . Making just his second start in Canada , the Vancouver , B. C. , native walked none and struck out two . The Blue Jays tagged Francis with a four - run first	True
The Blue Jays tagged Francis with a four - run first . Encarnacion hit an RBI double and scored on Adam Lind 's single , Rajai Davis singled home a run and Arencibia capped a six - hit inning with an RBI double . Francis responded by setting down 11 straight batters before Melky Cabrera singled in the fifth	True
Francis responded by setting down 11 straight batters before Melky Cabrera singled in the fifth . One out later , Encarnacion homered to left , his team-leading 19th . Toronto made it 8 - 0 when Arencibia and Izturis went deep in the sixth	True
Francis responded by setting down 11 straight batters before Melky Cabrera singled in the fifth . One out later , Encarnacion homered to left , his team-leading 19th . Toronto made it 8 - 0 when Arencibia and Izturis went deep in the sixth , the first time this season the Blue Jays have hit consecutive home runs . Arencibia 's homer was his 15th	False
Francis responded by setting down 11 straight batters before Melky Cabrera singled in the fifth . One out later , Encarnacion homered to left , his team-leading 19th . Toronto made it 8 - 0 when Arencibia and Izturis went deep in the sixth , the first time this season the Blue Jays have hit consecutive home runs . Arencibia 's homer was his 15th , while Izturis hit his fourth	False
Toronto made it 8 - 0 when Arencibia and Izturis went deep in the sixth , the first time this season the Blue Jays have hit consecutive home runs . Arencibia 's homer was his 15th , while Izturis hit his fourth . The Rockies ended Rogers ' shutout bid in the seventh	True
The Rockies ended Rogers ' shutout bid in the seventh . Carlos Gonzalez led off with a double and Michael Cuddyer followed with a single , extending his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games . Wilin Rosario hit an RBI single and , one out later , Cuddyer scored on Arenado 's groundout . Darren Oliver worked the eighth	True
The Rockies ended Rogers ' shutout bid in the seventh . Carlos Gonzalez led off with a double and Michael Cuddyer followed with a single , extending his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games . Wilin Rosario hit an RBI single and , one out later , Cuddyer scored on Arenado 's groundout . Darren Oliver worked the eighth and Steve Delabar finished in the ninth	True
Howie Kendrick and Mike Trout drove in early runs as the Angels got a hit from all nine spots in their big-budget lineup for their biggest hit total since August 2009 . Los Angeles has 67 hits and 36 runs in its past five games after its first 20-hit performance in a nine - inning game since 2008 . Trout also scored his 200th career run in the sixth	True
Trout also scored his 200th career run in the sixth , reaching the milestone in just 249 games -- the quickest major leaguer to the mark since 1940 . Only seven players since 1916 reached 200 runs more quickly than last season 's AL Rookie of the Year , and five of those players are in the Hall of Fame , including Joe DiMaggio , Ted Williams and Lloyd Waner . Erick Aybar and Chris Iannetta had run-scoring singles for the Angels during the sixth	True
Trout also scored his 200th career run in the sixth , reaching the milestone in just 249 games -- the quickest major leaguer to the mark since 1940 . Only seven players since 1916 reached 200 runs more quickly than last season 's AL Rookie of the Year , and five of those players are in the Hall of Fame , including Joe DiMaggio , Ted Williams and Lloyd Waner . Erick Aybar and Chris Iannetta had run-scoring singles for the Angels during the sixth , and they both scored on Nick Franklin 's throwing error on Trout 's bases-loaded grounder . Callaspo also had a two - run single in the sixth	False
Erick Aybar and Chris Iannetta had run-scoring singles for the Angels during the sixth , and they both scored on Nick Franklin 's throwing error on Trout 's bases-loaded grounder . Callaspo also had a two - run single in the sixth while emphatically snapping a 10 - for - 64 skid . Even Brendan Harris snapped an 0 - for - 24 skid with a pinch-hit single in the seventh	False
Franklin hit an early two - run homer for Seattle in the opener of a four - game AL West series . The Angels pounded out eight hits and four runs in the first two innings against Harang , who threw a two - hitter against Houston in his previous start . Harang yielded 12 hits and four runs in five innings before the Angels beat up on Seattle relievers Carter Capps and Charlie Furbush in the sixth	True
The Angels pounded out eight hits and four runs in the first two innings against Harang , who threw a two - hitter against Houston in his previous start . Harang yielded 12 hits and four runs in five innings before the Angels beat up on Seattle relievers Carter Capps and Charlie Furbush in the sixth . Kendrick , who has been batting around .500 in June , had an RBI double to right field in the first inning , scoring Hamilton . After Trout 's long sacrifice fly brought home Callaspo in the second	True
After Endy Chavez got the Mariners ' first hit , Franklin connected for his third homer . Vargas did n't allow another runner past first base , and the Angels put it out of reach while sending 12 batters to the plate in the sixth	True
Juan Uribe singled home Andre Ethier in the top of the 11th inning and the Dodgers edged the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 3 on Saturday . Ethier doubled off Vin Mazzaro ( 3 - 1 ) leading off the 11th	True
Ethier doubled off Vin Mazzaro ( 3 - 1 ) leading off the 11th then raced home when Uribe 's chopper went over the head of third baseman Pedro Alvarez . Nick Punto drove in Uribe with a double to the gap one batter later to provide some insurance . Peter Moylan ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win after escaping a bases-loaded jam in the 10th	True
Peter Moylan ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win after escaping a bases-loaded jam in the 10th . Brandon League , who lost his job as the closer to Kenley Jansen this week , managed the final three outs for his 14th save . Jansen surrendered a solo homer to Pittsburgh 's Travis Snider in the ninth	True
Pittsburgh 's Brandon Cumpton allowed three runs on seven hits in five - plus innings during his major league debut . He struck out five of the first six batters he faced but faded as the game wore on . The Pirates had a chance to win it in the 10th	True
Pittsburgh 's Brandon Cumpton allowed three runs on seven hits in five - plus innings during his major league debut . He struck out five of the first six batters he faced but faded as the game wore on . The Pirates had a chance to win it in the 10th when Neil Walker smacked a ball down the right-field line with Russell Martin on first	False
The Pirates had a chance to win it in the 10th when Neil Walker smacked a ball down the right-field line with Russell Martin on first . Los Angeles rookie right-fielder Yasiel Puig had trouble with the ball , but Martin was held at third even as Puig 's throw went well up the third-base line . The Dodgers intentionally walked Alvarez and Mike McKenry flew out to right to extend the game . League , who has blown four saves this season , nearly made it five . The Pirates put runners on second	False
The Pirates had a chance to win it in the 10th when Neil Walker smacked a ball down the right-field line with Russell Martin on first . Los Angeles rookie right-fielder Yasiel Puig had trouble with the ball , but Martin was held at third even as Puig 's throw went well up the third-base line . The Dodgers intentionally walked Alvarez and Mike McKenry flew out to right to extend the game . League , who has blown four saves this season , nearly made it five . The Pirates put runners on second and third	False
The Pirates had a chance to win it in the 10th when Neil Walker smacked a ball down the right-field line with Russell Martin on first . Los Angeles rookie right-fielder Yasiel Puig had trouble with the ball , but Martin was held at third even as Puig 's throw went well up the third-base line . The Dodgers intentionally walked Alvarez and Mike McKenry flew out to right to extend the game . League , who has blown four saves this season , nearly made it five . The Pirates put runners on second and third in the 11th	True
Not this time . The Pirates went up 1 - 0 early when Alex Presley doubled leading off and then scored on a fielder 's choice . That would be about it . The Pirates put two runners on in the third	True
The Pirates went up 1 - 0 early when Alex Presley doubled leading off and then scored on a fielder 's choice . That would be about it . The Pirates put two runners on in the third and sixth innings but could n't scratch out a run , giving the Dodgers enough time to figure out Cumpton . The 24-year-old appeared immune to the nerves early in his big league debut , striking out the side in the first	True
The Pirates went up 1 - 0 early when Alex Presley doubled leading off and then scored on a fielder 's choice . That would be about it . The Pirates put two runners on in the third and sixth innings but could n't scratch out a run , giving the Dodgers enough time to figure out Cumpton . The 24-year-old appeared immune to the nerves early in his big league debut , striking out the side in the first . He retired the first eight batters he faced before walking Kershaw in the third	True
The third trip through the lineup , however , proved problematic . Schumaker drove in A. J. Ellis in the fifth	True
The third trip through the lineup , however , proved problematic . Schumaker drove in A. J. Ellis in the fifth to tie the game before Cumpton unraveled in the sixth	False
Schumaker drove in A. J. Ellis in the fifth to tie the game before Cumpton unraveled in the sixth . Adrian Gonzalez led off with a double and moved to third	False
Adrian Gonzalez led off with a double and moved to third on Hanley Ramirez 's single . Ethier drove home Gonzalez and Mark Ellis hit a sacrifice fly off reliever Justin Wilson to put the Dodgers up 2 - 0 . Pittsburgh closed within a run in the eighth	True
Adrian Gonzalez led off with a double and moved to third on Hanley Ramirez 's single . Ethier drove home Gonzalez and Mark Ellis hit a sacrifice fly off reliever Justin Wilson to put the Dodgers up 2 - 0 . Pittsburgh closed within a run in the eighth on an RBI single by Walker , but reliever Paco Rodriguez got Alvarez to ground out meekly to first	False
Pittsburgh closed within a run in the eighth on an RBI single by Walker , but reliever Paco Rodriguez got Alvarez to ground out meekly to first to end the threat . Jensen came on in the ninth	False
Jensen came on in the ninth and blew his first save since inheriting the closer 's job from League when Snider took a 2 - 2 fastball and put it well into the center-field seats for his third homer of the year . League allowed infield singles to Snider and Jordy Mercer in the 11th	True
He also got plenty of help from his teammates . Josh Hamilton had an RBI double , and Aybar hit an early homer before delivering a tiebreaking RBI single in the sixth	True
And it gets worse : Mark Teixeira left in the fourth inning with an aggravated right wrist , heading home to New York for further evaluation . David Phelps ( 4 - 4 ) yielded nine hits and four runs while pitching into the seventh	True
The Yankees have lost 27 of their last 39 games at the Big A , and their overall skid got even more foreboding with the latest injury setback for Teixeira , their $ 180 million slugger . Teixeira flied out to right and popped out to third	False
Aybar put the Angels ahead in the second inning with a low drive that barely cleared the short fence in the right-field corner for the shortstop 's second homer of the season . After Aybar drove in Mark Trumbo with the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
Aybar put the Angels ahead in the second inning with a low drive that barely cleared the short fence in the right-field corner for the shortstop 's second homer of the season . After Aybar drove in Mark Trumbo with the go-ahead run in the sixth , Hamilton bounced an RBI double down the first-base line in the seventh	True
NEW YORK -- Darwin Barney 's soft single fell into right field and Scott Feldman took off running , then rounded second	False
Like just about everything else Feldman did against the Mets on Saturday it worked out . Feldman allowed two hits in seven innings and the Cubs beat the Mets 5 - 2 . Feldman hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Like just about everything else Feldman did against the Mets on Saturday it worked out . Feldman allowed two hits in seven innings and the Cubs beat the Mets 5 - 2 . Feldman hit a two - run single in the fourth , setting up his slow-motion scamper on the bases . He rounded second	True
Like just about everything else Feldman did against the Mets on Saturday it worked out . Feldman allowed two hits in seven innings and the Cubs beat the Mets 5 - 2 . Feldman hit a two - run single in the fourth , setting up his slow-motion scamper on the bases . He rounded second and headed for third	False
Said Wright : `` I think I got him pretty good on the arm with my spike . '' Feldman ( 6 - 5 ) got it done on the mound , too . He struck out six and Starlin Castro hit a two - run double to left in the Cubs ' three - run eighth	True
Feldman ( 6 - 5 ) got it done on the mound , too . He struck out six and Starlin Castro hit a two - run double to left in the Cubs ' three - run eighth and Kevin Gregg got the last three outs for his ninth straight save . The Cubs stranded 10 runners in the first seven innings before breaking it open in the eighth	True
Chicago beat the Mets for the second day in a row , after losing five of seven before getting to Queens . The Mets got a run back in the bottom of the eighth	False
Chicago beat the Mets for the second day in a row , after losing five of seven before getting to Queens . The Mets got a run back in the bottom of the eighth on Jordany Valdespin 's single off Carlos Villanueva , but Wright struck out with runners on second	False
Chicago beat the Mets for the second day in a row , after losing five of seven before getting to Queens . The Mets got a run back in the bottom of the eighth on Jordany Valdespin 's single off Carlos Villanueva , but Wright struck out with runners on second and third	False
The Mets got a run back in the bottom of the eighth on Jordany Valdespin 's single off Carlos Villanueva , but Wright struck out with runners on second and third and fans streamed for the exits . Jonathon Niese ( 3 - 6 ) left with two outs in the fifth inning and a man on second	False
Jonathon Niese ( 3 - 6 ) left with two outs in the fifth inning and a man on second . He finished having allowed two runs , six hits and four walks with five strikeouts . He is 0 - 2 in his past four starts . Before his double bounced over the wall , Castro had stranded five runners and struck out three times , including with the bases loaded to end the fourth	True
Before his double bounced over the wall , Castro had stranded five runners and struck out three times , including with the bases loaded to end the fourth . In the fourth inning , Wright followed Daniel Murphy 's leadoff double with a double of his own to cut the lead to 2 - 1 , but he was stranded at second	False
Before his double bounced over the wall , Castro had stranded five runners and struck out three times , including with the bases loaded to end the fourth . In the fourth inning , Wright followed Daniel Murphy 's leadoff double with a double of his own to cut the lead to 2 - 1 , but he was stranded at second . The Mets hit three long fly balls in the sixth	True
Feldman has bounced back nicely after a rough final season in Texas , where he spent the first eight seasons of his career . He only has one outing shorter than six innings this year after a rocky April , and has become a fixture in the Cubs ' rotation . Which explains why Sveum was cringing as he saw the big right-hander come around second base . He pointed out later that it was for the best that Feldman , who has an old knee injury , slid head first	False
He pointed out later that it was for the best that Feldman , who has an old knee injury , slid head first . Feldman had something else on his mind later -- when was the last time he did a headfirst slide ? Mets GM Sandy Alderson told season ticket holders Saturday morning that `` over the next six months or so , we will be in a position make some significant acquisitions , whether it 's through free agency or a trade .. .. Ransom had two singles , two walks and reached on an error his first five times up before striking out in the ninth .. .. The Cubs were 3 for 18 with runners in scoring position .. .. Wright tied his career best by reaching in nine straight plate appearances , but his deep drive to left in the sixth inning was caught at the wall .. .. Mets 2B Valdespin let Ransom move up a base in the first	True
Locke ( 6 - 1 ) barely resembled the guy who walked seven Chicago Cubs in his previous start , keeping the Dodgers off balance by working both sides of the plate and not being afraid of letting his defense do the rest as his ERA dropped to 2.19 . Jason Grilli worked out of a two - on , no-out jam in the ninth	True
Locke ( 6 - 1 ) barely resembled the guy who walked seven Chicago Cubs in his previous start , keeping the Dodgers off balance by working both sides of the plate and not being afraid of letting his defense do the rest as his ERA dropped to 2.19 . Jason Grilli worked out of a two - on , no-out jam in the ninth for his National League-leading 24th save . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run double in the third inning off Stephen Fife ( 1 - 2 ) and gave the Pirates some insurance when he scored on a sacrifice fly by Neil Walker in the ninth	True
Los Angeles did n't get a runner to second base while Locke was in the game , but had chances late to tie the game . Pittsburgh reliever Mark Melancon struck out pinch-hitter Juan Uribe with runners in scoring position in the eighth	True
Los Angeles did n't get a runner to second base while Locke was in the game , but had chances late to tie the game . Pittsburgh reliever Mark Melancon struck out pinch-hitter Juan Uribe with runners in scoring position in the eighth . Yaisel Puig and Nick Punto hit consecutive singles off Grilli to start the ninth	True
The Dodgers played without manager Don Mattingly , who served a one - game suspension for his role in the brawl with Arizona earlier in the week . Bench coach Trey Hillman filled in and watched his team get handcuffed by a player who is making $ 497,500 . The average salary on the Dodgers is nearly $ 10 million . McCutchen gave the Pirates all the offense they would need when he doubled to the corner in right field in the third	True
Fife gave up six hits in five innings , walking three and striking out four . That was n't a problem for Locke , who felt fresh after heading to the dugout in the middle of the seventh	True
That was n't a problem for Locke , who felt fresh after heading to the dugout in the middle of the seventh . He did n't put up any fight to stay in the game , not with the one - two punch of Melancon and Grilli available . It almost backfired . Andre Ethier singled with one out in the eighth	True
It almost backfired . Andre Ethier singled with one out in the eighth and Jerry Hairston Jr. doubled to the gap in left-center one batter later . Ethier held up at third rather than try to score , and it cost the Dodgers when pinch-hitter Juan Uribe struck out . Pittsburgh added an insurance run when McCutchen singled leading off the bottom of the eighth	False
Grilli made it stand up against the meat of Los Angeles ' lineup . Locke singled off Fife in the third	True
SAN DIEGO -- Left-hander Eric Stults gave up a leadoff double to Gerardo Parra and did n't feel good about his pitches . He quickly settled in , though , because he did n't give up another hit until Willie Bloomquist singled with one out in the ninth	True
He quickly settled in , though , because he did n't give up another hit until Willie Bloomquist singled with one out in the ninth . Stults finished with a career-best two - hitter and Logan Forsythe hit a bases-loaded , two - run single with two outs in the sixth	True
Bench coach Alan Trammell managed the Diamondbacks while Kirk Gibson served his one - game suspension stemming from Tuesday night 's brawl against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) tied his career high with 10 strikeouts but got into trouble in the sixth	True
Bench coach Alan Trammell managed the Diamondbacks while Kirk Gibson served his one - game suspension stemming from Tuesday night 's brawl against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) tied his career high with 10 strikeouts but got into trouble in the sixth . The Padres loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth	True
Bench coach Alan Trammell managed the Diamondbacks while Kirk Gibson served his one - game suspension stemming from Tuesday night 's brawl against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Trevor Cahill ( 3 - 8 ) tied his career high with 10 strikeouts but got into trouble in the sixth . The Padres loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth when Alexi Amarista walked , Chase Headley was hit by a pitch and Carlos Quentin beat out an infield single to third base . Cahill struck out Kyle Blanks and Will Venable before Forsythe singled to left-center , bringing in Amarista and Headley . Forsythe took second	False
Scooter Gennett had a two - run triple for the Brewers , who took the final three games of the four - game series . Milwaukee slugger Ryan Braun left after the third inning with a sore right thumb , which has been a lingering problem for him . He struck out in his only plate appearance in the first	True
He said he would discuss the situation with general manager Doug Melvin as the team travels to Miami to begin a three - game series Monday against the Marlins . Gennett 's triple highlighted a four - run second inning and Gomez 's homer in the sixth	True
Lohse ( 2 - 6 ) experienced minor hamstring tightness in his left leg after running the bases during his previous start Tuesday , but showed no ill effects . His only major hiccup was Humberto Quintero 's first home run of the season , a shot into the Phillies ' bullpen in right . Lohse got off to a shaky start , though . The first two batters singled and then Ryan Howard hit a hard line-drive single right at right fielder Norichika Aoki . Michael Young , who led off with a single , tried to score from second	False
Lohse agreed with his manager 's assessment of Aoki 's play . The Brewers turned two double plays , one for Lohse and one for Jim Henderson in the ninth	True
The Brewers turned two double plays , one for Lohse and one for Jim Henderson in the ninth . After escaping the first	True
The Brewers turned two double plays , one for Lohse and one for Jim Henderson in the ninth . After escaping the first , Lohse faced the minimum each inning until the eighth	True
The Phillies slipped to 31 - 33 after opening the series with a 5 - 1 win that pulled them a game above .500 . Jean Segura , who came in leading the NL in hits with 82 , singled home two runs in the seventh	True
The Phillies slipped to 31 - 33 after opening the series with a 5 - 1 win that pulled them a game above .500 . Jean Segura , who came in leading the NL in hits with 82 , singled home two runs in the seventh . Maldonado added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Jean Segura , who came in leading the NL in hits with 82 , singled home two runs in the seventh . Maldonado added a solo homer in the eighth . Henderson , just back from a strained right hamstring , pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Pettibone ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six runs , four earned , and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four but walked two and hit two batters with pitches in his first career start against the Brewers . Milwaukee got to Pettibone in the second	True
Pettibone ( 3 - 2 ) allowed six runs , four earned , and four hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four but walked two and hit two batters with pitches in his first career start against the Brewers . Milwaukee got to Pettibone in the second and then again in the sixth	True
Milwaukee got to Pettibone in the second and then again in the sixth . Logan Schafer singled in the sixth	False
Logan Schafer singled in the sixth and then Gomez hit the first pitch from Pettibone into the Brewers ' bullpen in left for his 11th home run of the season . After Maldonado walked , Manuel brought in Jeremy Horst . The Brewers scored four runs in the second	True
The Brewers scored four runs in the second . Pettibone got in trouble right away by making an error . He misplayed a bunt by Gomez , who went to second	False
Pettibone got in trouble right away by making an error . He misplayed a bunt by Gomez , who went to second on Yuniesky Betancourt 's single . Pettibone then hit Maldonado with a pitch , loading the bases . Gomez scored on Juan Francisco 's grounder to first	False
David Ortiz rebounded from a rough first game with a long two - run homer and drove in three runs to help Buchholz improve to 9 - 0 , earning the Red Sox a split of a day-night doubleheader with a 7 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday night . Buchholz gave up two runs on six hits , striking out four and walking one over 6 2/3 innings to match Arizona 's Patrick Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) as the majors ' only unbeaten pitcher with at least nine wins , but he left in the seventh	True
It was quite a fielding night for Boston 's ace . Howie Kendrick hit a hard grounder off Buchholz 's glove in the sixth	True
Howie Kendrick hit a hard grounder off Buchholz 's glove in the sixth . It bounced behind the mound and he dropped his glove and raced toward the ball , but Kendrick beat it out . Buchholz had another adventure fielding a grounder . In the fourth	True
Howie Kendrick hit a hard grounder off Buchholz 's glove in the sixth . It bounced behind the mound and he dropped his glove and raced toward the ball , but Kendrick beat it out . Buchholz had another adventure fielding a grounder . In the fourth , Alberto Callaspo hit a high chop toward first	False
In the first game , Mark Trumbo and Erick Aybar each drove in two runs as the Angels beat the Red Sox for their team-record sixth straight win at Fenway Park . With Boston leading the nightcap 4 - 2 in the sixth	True
With Boston leading the nightcap 4 - 2 in the sixth , Dustin Pedroia had an RBI single off reliever Jerome Williams before Ortiz hit a deep homer into the right-field seats , about 20 rows up into the corner . He stood and admired the ball 's flight before slowly rounding the bases . The Red Sox jumped ahead 2 - 0 against C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 5 ) with two runs in the first	True
With Boston leading the nightcap 4 - 2 in the sixth , Dustin Pedroia had an RBI single off reliever Jerome Williams before Ortiz hit a deep homer into the right-field seats , about 20 rows up into the corner . He stood and admired the ball 's flight before slowly rounding the bases . The Red Sox jumped ahead 2 - 0 against C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 5 ) with two runs in the first on consecutive RBI doubles by Jonny Gomes and Pedroia . Ortiz 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
The Red Sox jumped ahead 2 - 0 against C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 5 ) with two runs in the first on consecutive RBI doubles by Jonny Gomes and Pedroia . Ortiz 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second . After Mike Trout 's run-scoring single cut it to 3 - 1 , Boston added an unearned run in the fifth	True
The Red Sox jumped ahead 2 - 0 against C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 5 ) with two runs in the first on consecutive RBI doubles by Jonny Gomes and Pedroia . Ortiz 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second . After Mike Trout 's run-scoring single cut it to 3 - 1 , Boston added an unearned run in the fifth on David Ross ' RBI single after Mike Napoli reached on an infield hit and advanced on the same play when third baseman Callaspo bounced the throw past first	False
Felix Doubront ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs and six hits over six innings . The Red Sox stranded eight runners in the first four innings- two in each -- and 14 overall . Boston made it closer by scoring three runs with two outs in the ninth	True
The Red Sox stranded eight runners in the first four innings- two in each -- and 14 overall . Boston made it closer by scoring three runs with two outs in the ninth . Ernesto Frieri struck out Jacoby Ellsbury with runners on first	False
The Red Sox stranded eight runners in the first four innings- two in each -- and 14 overall . Boston made it closer by scoring three runs with two outs in the ninth . Ernesto Frieri struck out Jacoby Ellsbury with runners on first and third	False
Ernesto Frieri struck out Jacoby Ellsbury with runners on first and third for his 14th save . Los Angeles held a 3 - 2 lead until Morales ' wildness in the seventh	True
Ernesto Frieri struck out Jacoby Ellsbury with runners on first and third for his 14th save . Los Angeles held a 3 - 2 lead until Morales ' wildness in the seventh . Trumbo had an RBI double before the left-hander threw nine consecutive balls to end his appearance and force home the final two runs . Clayton Mortensen relieved and allowed Aybar 's infield hit that made it 7 - 2 before J. B. Shuck hit a flyball for his second	False
Pinch runner Skip Schumaker scored on the second wild pitch by Anthony Varvaro in the 10th inning of a 2 - 1 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Ramon Hernandez started the rally with a one - out single , took second	False
Pinch runner Skip Schumaker scored on the second wild pitch by Anthony Varvaro in the 10th inning of a 2 - 1 win over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Ramon Hernandez started the rally with a one - out single , took second on the first wild pitch and advanced to third	False
Ramon Hernandez started the rally with a one - out single , took second on the first wild pitch and advanced to third on a single by Luis Cruz . Varvaro ( 3 - 1 ) then bounced another wild pitch to Juan Uribe , allowing Schumaker , who was running for Hernandez , to score . Puig was on deck , but he was n't needed after his fourth homer in five career games tied it up in the sixth	True
The Dodgers have won four of five since Puig , a 22-year-old Cuban defector , was called up Monday from the minors . It was their second straight win over the NL East-leading Braves , who lost for the first time in six games Thursday . With a runner on second	False
The Dodgers have won four of five since Puig , a 22-year-old Cuban defector , was called up Monday from the minors . It was their second straight win over the NL East-leading Braves , who lost for the first time in six games Thursday . With a runner on second in the 10th	True
Freeman was 3 - for - 4 and has hit safely in 12 of his past 15 games . The Dodgers had the potential go-ahead run on third	False
Freeman was 3 - for - 4 and has hit safely in 12 of his past 15 games . The Dodgers had the potential go-ahead run on third with two outs in the eighth	True
The Dodgers had the potential go-ahead run on third with two outs in the eighth when reliever Jordan Walden intentionally walked Puig , the first time this week a team did n't want to pitch to the rookie . Mark Ellis flied out to end the inning . Puig tied the game 1-all with his fourth homer and 10th RBI of the week with two outs in the sixth	True
Puig tied the record for most RBIs through five career games , shared by Danny Espinosa ( 2010 ) and Jack Merson ( 1951 ) , according to information provided to the Dodgers by Elias Sports Bureau . The Braves led 1 - 0 on Dan Uggla 's RBI single with two outs in the fourth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- John Mayberry Jr. is Mr . Extra Innings . Mayberry hit his first career grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the 11th	True
PHILADELPHIA -- John Mayberry Jr. is Mr . Extra Innings . Mayberry hit his first career grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the 11th after his tying homer in the 10th	True
Mayberry hit his first career grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the 11th after his tying homer in the 10th , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mayberry tied it off Steve Cishek in the 10th	True
Mayberry tied it off Steve Cishek in the 10th after Juan Pierre scored on a wild pitch in the top of the inning . Domonic Brown reached on a fielding error by pitcher Edgar Olmos ( 0 - 1 ) with one out in the 11th	False
Brown , who had eight homers in the previous eight games , was 0 - for - 5 for Philadelphia and made an error in left field . But the Phillies won their third straight to move within a game of .500 . They have n't been even all season . A disputed call in the eighth went against the Phillies and drew the ire of the crowd . Ben Revere was called for interfering with second baseman Derek Dietrich while breaking up a double play although he slid headfirst and did n't appear to go out of his way or make much contact . Michael Young beat the throw to first	False
Miami 's Ricky Nolasco gave up two runs and four hits , striking out six in 6 2/3 innings . Down 2 - 0 , Ryan Howard started Philadelphia 's rally by lining a double leading off the bottom of the seventh	True
Nolasco then fanned Galvis , but pinch-hitter Kratz hit an RBI double that just missed clearing the right-field wall to tie it at 2 . Kratz ran in from the bullpen right before his name was announced , grabbed a bat and went up to the plate . Galvis saved three runs with outstanding plays at second base . With runners at second	False
Nolasco then fanned Galvis , but pinch-hitter Kratz hit an RBI double that just missed clearing the right-field wall to tie it at 2 . Kratz ran in from the bullpen right before his name was announced , grabbed a bat and went up to the plate . Galvis saved three runs with outstanding plays at second base . With runners at second and third	False
Nolasco then fanned Galvis , but pinch-hitter Kratz hit an RBI double that just missed clearing the right-field wall to tie it at 2 . Kratz ran in from the bullpen right before his name was announced , grabbed a bat and went up to the plate . Galvis saved three runs with outstanding plays at second base . With runners at second and third and two outs in the eighth	True
Galvis saved three runs with outstanding plays at second base . With runners at second and third and two outs in the eighth , he made a sliding backhanded grab on Casey Kotchman 's bouncer up the middle and threw him out . His first gem came with a runner on third	False
Galvis saved three runs with outstanding plays at second base . With runners at second and third and two outs in the eighth , he made a sliding backhanded grab on Casey Kotchman 's bouncer up the middle and threw him out . His first gem came with a runner on third , one out and the infield up in the second	True
Galvis saved three runs with outstanding plays at second base . With runners at second and third and two outs in the eighth , he made a sliding backhanded grab on Casey Kotchman 's bouncer up the middle and threw him out . His first gem came with a runner on third , one out and the infield up in the second . Galvis snared Adeiny Hechavarria 's hard one - hopper , held the runner and got the second	False
Still , the Orioles ' rookie was in position to absorb his third straight loss -- until Chris Davis and Baltimore finally got the best of tiring Rick Porcello in a 4 - 2 victory Sunday . Davis hit his major league-leading 20th homer to ignite a three - run seventh inning for the Orioles , who took two of three from Detroit . Baltimore also rallied on Friday against the defending American League champs after trailing by two runs in the ninth	True
Gausman came in with an 11.00 ERA after yielding seven runs in four innings at Washington on Tuesday . The 22-year-old retired the last six batters he faced , ending the outing by slipping a third strike past Cabrera -- who also hit into two double plays . Brian Matusz ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the seventh	True
Gausman came in with an 11.00 ERA after yielding seven runs in four innings at Washington on Tuesday . The 22-year-old retired the last six batters he faced , ending the outing by slipping a third strike past Cabrera -- who also hit into two double plays . Brian Matusz ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the seventh , Darren O'Day worked the eighth	True
Prince Fielder homered and scored both runs for the Tigers , who have lost five of six . Porcello ( 2 - 3 ) lost for the first time in seven starts since April 20 . Porcello was working on a three - hitter and took a 2 - 0 lead into the seventh	True
Porcello was working on a three - hitter and took a 2 - 0 lead into the seventh before things unraveled . After Davis homered , Chris Dickerson singled and took third	False
After Davis homered , Chris Dickerson singled and took third on a single by J. J. Hardy . Phil Coke entered and gave up an RBI single to pinch-hitter Danny Valencia . Two batters later , Nate McLouth grounded a broken-bat single up the middle to bring home pinch-runner Alexi Casilla for a 3 - 2 lead . If he could do it over again , Tigers manager Jim Leyland would have gone to his bullpen to start the seventh	True
Doubles by Davis and Casilla against Darren Downs in the eighth made it 4 - 2 . After Gausman left , Matusz came in to start the seventh	True
Early on , Porcello and Gausman locked in an engaging pitcher 's duel . Gausman had just gotten Cabrera to hit into a second double play in the fourth inning when Fielder drove a 3 - 0 pitch into the right-field seats . Peralta led off the Detroit fifth	True
Early on , Porcello and Gausman locked in an engaging pitcher 's duel . Gausman had just gotten Cabrera to hit into a second double play in the fourth inning when Fielder drove a 3 - 0 pitch into the right-field seats . Peralta led off the Detroit fifth with a single , took second	False
Early on , Porcello and Gausman locked in an engaging pitcher 's duel . Gausman had just gotten Cabrera to hit into a second double play in the fourth inning when Fielder drove a 3 - 0 pitch into the right-field seats . Peralta led off the Detroit fifth with a single , took second on a wild pitch and reached third	False
Texas had been shut out in three of its previous four games , and swept at Cleveland last weekend , before having three consecutive games end on homers for the first time in team history . Texas won the series opener Monday night when A. J. Pierzynski and Geovany Soto both homered in the ninth inning off Angels closer Ernesto Frieri , Soto 's blast providing a 4 - 3 victory . Then on Tuesday , after trailing four times , the Rangers again scored in the ninth	True
Texas had been shut out in three of its previous four games , and swept at Cleveland last weekend , before having three consecutive games end on homers for the first time in team history . Texas won the series opener Monday night when A. J. Pierzynski and Geovany Soto both homered in the ninth inning off Angels closer Ernesto Frieri , Soto 's blast providing a 4 - 3 victory . Then on Tuesday , after trailing four times , the Rangers again scored in the ninth off Frieri and won 14 - 11 after Leonys Martin hit a three - run homer in the 10th	True
According to Elias , the last team to win three consecutive games with game-ending homers was Detroit in June 2004 . The last to sweep a three - game series in that fashion was Arizona over Montreal in May 1999 . Nelson Cruz also homered Wednesday night for the Rangers , his 25th making it 1 - 0 in the second	True
Nelson Cruz also homered Wednesday night for the Rangers , his 25th making it 1 - 0 in the second . Josh Hamilton connected for the only Angels run , a 422-foot blast to right-center in the seventh	True
Josh Hamilton connected for the only Angels run , a 422-foot blast to right-center in the seventh . His 16th homer tied the game . Rangers closer Joe Nathan ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two and walked one in the top of the ninth	False
Rangers closer Joe Nathan ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two and walked one in the top of the ninth to win for the second night in a row . He had last won consecutive games in August 2005 . Jerome Williams of the Angels and rookie Martin Perez for Texas , the starting pitchers , each allowed only one run while pitching into the eighth	True
Jerome Williams of the Angels and rookie Martin Perez for Texas , the starting pitchers , each allowed only one run while pitching into the eighth . Both had been struggling before their duel . Williams scattered eight hits over 7 2/3 innings with two walks and one strikeout . The right-hander , who had an 8.90 ERA and five losses his previous seven starts , left with two on in the eighth	True
Williams scattered eight hits over 7 2/3 innings with two walks and one strikeout . The right-hander , who had an 8.90 ERA and five losses his previous seven starts , left with two on in the eighth , when Kohn got Ian Kinsler on an inning-ending fly ball . Perez had allowed at least four earned runs in three consecutive starts . The lefty struck out four , walked two and allowed only four hits in 7 1/3 innings before Tanner Scheppers closed out the eighth	True
Wei-Yin Chen ( 6 - 3 ) allowed three runs , seven hits and a walk in 7 1/3 innings for his fourth straight win . The left-hander had a season-high nine strikeouts and threw a career-high 119 pitches . Darren O'Day got two outs in the eighth	True
Wei-Yin Chen ( 6 - 3 ) allowed three runs , seven hits and a walk in 7 1/3 innings for his fourth straight win . The left-hander had a season-high nine strikeouts and threw a career-high 119 pitches . Darren O'Day got two outs in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth	True
In his defense , he found out he was starting early in the afternoon . Chen retired the first seven batters he faced before running into trouble in the third	True
Chen retired the first seven batters he faced before running into trouble in the third . Three straight singles loaded the bases for Jose Altuve , who bounced a two - run single to left . With the bases full and two outs , Chen went to the stretch with his back toward Villar , who danced halfway down the baseline before breaking for home . He made it easily for a 3 - 0 lead . Baltimore got two runs back in the fourth	True
Baltimore got two runs back in the fourth . After Harrell walked the bases loaded , Hardy got the Orioles ' first hit , a single up the middle . After Nick Markakis drew a leadoff walk in the sixth	True
Lyons gave up four runs , three earned , in six innings . He struck out five and walked one but received no help from a reeling offense and some sloppy play in the field . A couple of hours after Presley 's slapper off Siegrist ( 0 - 1 ) won the opener , the fortuitous bounces kept on coming . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Lyons gave up four runs , three earned , in six innings . He struck out five and walked one but received no help from a reeling offense and some sloppy play in the field . A couple of hours after Presley 's slapper off Siegrist ( 0 - 1 ) won the opener , the fortuitous bounces kept on coming . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when a rare passed ball by Molina let Jose Tabata sprint across the plate . Molina was done for the night in the top of the fourth	True
While Cumpton kept the NL 's top offense in check , Pittsburgh poured it on with a little help from St. Louis left fielder Matt Holliday . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead on Jordy Mercer 's RBI single before McCutchen stepped in . He drilled Lyons ' pitch deep to left , but Holliday appeared ready to track it down at the wall . Instead , the ball popped off the heel of Holliday 's glove and into the stands . Lyons placed both hands on his head in shock while the packed bleachers let Holliday have it . Holliday 's night did n't get any better an inning later when he overran Josh Harrison 's fly ball to the wall , allowing Harrison to make it all the way to third	False
Cumpton needed just 87 pitches to get 21 outs . He received a loud ovation as he headed to the dugout , the latest in a series of unheralded Pirates pitchers to rise from obscurity and help propel the franchise into the midst of a pennant race . The staff takes its cue from ace A. J. Burnett , who worked seven emotional innings in the opener . Burnett struck out nine and walked three while allowing one run on three hits . He was long gone , however , by the time Presley stepped in with Martin on in the 11th	True
The second baseman has hit safely in all 11 of his team 's games , batting .415 with a homer and eight RBIs since the second half began July 19 . Ellis delivered the winning single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Dodgers a 3 - 2 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . He lofted a slider over the head of leaping shortstop Derek Jeter to score Andre Ethier , who singled and stole second	False
The Dodgers improved to 27 - 6 since June 22 , their best stretch since going 29 - 5 during a 34-game run from Aug. 7-Sept. 9 , 1953 . They are 3 games ahead of second-place Arizona in the NL West . Kenley Jansen ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pettitte gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none in his longest outing since June 14 in Anaheim . New York tied the game 2-all in the fourth	True
Pettitte gave up two runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none in his longest outing since June 14 in Anaheim . New York tied the game 2-all in the fourth on Lyle Overbay 's RBI groundout to shortstop that scored Alfonso Soriano , who doubled to lead off and took third	False
New York tied the game 2-all in the fourth on Lyle Overbay 's RBI groundout to shortstop that scored Alfonso Soriano , who doubled to lead off and took third on Greinke 's wild pitch . The Dodgers went up 2 - 1 on Juan Uribe 's homer in the second	True
The Dodgers went up 2 - 1 on Juan Uribe 's homer in the second . The Yankees tied the game 1-all on Overbay 's home run leading off the top of the second	True
The Yankees tied the game 1-all on Overbay 's home run leading off the top of the second . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead on Hanley Ramirez 's RBI single in the first	True
Liriano ( 11 - 4 ) continued his midcareer renaissance by striking out eight and walking just two to win his fifth consecutive start . Having some help from an underachieving offense helps . The Pirates came in hitting just .221 with runners in scoring position , the worst mark in baseball . Clint Barmes smacked two doubles and drove in two runs and McCutchen added two hits as Pittsburgh went 5 for 13 with runners on second	False
Liriano ( 11 - 4 ) continued his midcareer renaissance by striking out eight and walking just two to win his fifth consecutive start . Having some help from an underachieving offense helps . The Pirates came in hitting just .221 with runners in scoring position , the worst mark in baseball . Clint Barmes smacked two doubles and drove in two runs and McCutchen added two hits as Pittsburgh went 5 for 13 with runners on second or third	False
The weather could n't save him this time . Neither could Westbrook 's usually solid control . He issued three walks and hit three batters and never appeared comfortable . Westbrook survived a bases-loaded jam in the second	True
The weather could n't save him this time . Neither could Westbrook 's usually solid control . He issued three walks and hit three batters and never appeared comfortable . Westbrook survived a bases-loaded jam in the second to stay close , but by then Liriano had all the support he would need . His only real mistake came in the sixth	True
The weather could n't save him this time . Neither could Westbrook 's usually solid control . He issued three walks and hit three batters and never appeared comfortable . Westbrook survived a bases-loaded jam in the second to stay close , but by then Liriano had all the support he would need . His only real mistake came in the sixth , when pinch-hitter Tony Cruz led off with a triple and scored on Carpenter 's single up the middle . A strikeout and a double play followed , and the Pirates broke it open in the seventh	False
Cashner ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs on four hits , walked five and struck out five for his second straight win , both coming during San Diego 's 10-game road trip . Cashner walked the bases loaded with one out in the first	True
Cashner ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs on four hits , walked five and struck out five for his second straight win , both coming during San Diego 's 10-game road trip . Cashner walked the bases loaded with one out in the first , but escaped when Martin Prado grounded into a double play . Cashner got another inning-ending double play in the fourth	True
Cashner ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs on four hits , walked five and struck out five for his second straight win , both coming during San Diego 's 10-game road trip . Cashner walked the bases loaded with one out in the first , but escaped when Martin Prado grounded into a double play . Cashner got another inning-ending double play in the fourth , with runners on first	False
Cashner ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs on four hits , walked five and struck out five for his second straight win , both coming during San Diego 's 10-game road trip . Cashner walked the bases loaded with one out in the first , but escaped when Martin Prado grounded into a double play . Cashner got another inning-ending double play in the fourth , with runners on first and second	False
After the game , Skaggs was optioned back to Triple-A Reno , where he is 6 - 5 . With the game tied 1 - 1 , Skaggs retired the first two batters he faced in the third	True
Alonso followed with a bases-clearing double into the right-field corner to give the Padres a 5 - 1 lead . In the fourth	True
Skaggs allowed seven runs on three hits and five walks , hit a batter and struck out five over a career-worst 3 2/3 innings . Goldschmidt 's one - out homer in the fifth	True
Goldschmidt 's one - out homer in the fifth , his 23rd , pulled Arizona within 8 - 3 . Cashner homered off Josh Collmenter with one out in the sixth	True
Goldschmidt 's one - out homer in the fifth , his 23rd , pulled Arizona within 8 - 3 . Cashner homered off Josh Collmenter with one out in the sixth , and Quentin and Alonso added RBI singles during San Diego 's three - run ninth	True
Cashner homered off Josh Collmenter with one out in the sixth , and Quentin and Alonso added RBI singles during San Diego 's three - run ninth against David Hernandez . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Denorfia walked and scored on Quentin 's two - out double . Arizona tied the game in the second	True
Frasor was upset with the pitch he threw Raburn . Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 2 ) , Cleveland 's fifth reliever , stranded the go-ahead run at third	False
Frasor was upset with the pitch he threw Raburn . Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 2 ) , Cleveland 's fifth reliever , stranded the go-ahead run at third in the 11th	True
Despite some inconsistent play , Cleveland is still close to the Tigers , and the Indians are hoping to avoid a repeat of their collapse last season , when they went 5 - 24 in August and fell from contention . Down 7 - 1 in the fourth	True
Despite some inconsistent play , Cleveland is still close to the Tigers , and the Indians are hoping to avoid a repeat of their collapse last season , when they went 5 - 24 in August and fell from contention . Down 7 - 1 in the fourth , the Rangers kept chipping away and caught the Indians in the eighth	True
Down 7 - 1 in the fourth , the Rangers kept chipping away and caught the Indians in the eighth . Texas scored one run in the fifth	True
Down 7 - 1 in the fourth , the Rangers kept chipping away and caught the Indians in the eighth . Texas scored one run in the fifth , two in the sixth	False
Down 7 - 1 in the fourth , the Rangers kept chipping away and caught the Indians in the eighth . Texas scored one run in the fifth , two in the sixth and seventh	True
The Baseball Hall of Fame wo n't be asking for any artifacts from this game . The teams combined for five errors and four wild pitches -- three by the Rangers . The Indians led 7 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Baseball Hall of Fame wo n't be asking for any artifacts from this game . The teams combined for five errors and four wild pitches -- three by the Rangers . The Indians led 7 - 1 in the fourth , but even then the lead did n't look safe against the Rangers , who got a leadoff homer from Cruz in the sixth	True
The Baseball Hall of Fame wo n't be asking for any artifacts from this game . The teams combined for five errors and four wild pitches -- three by the Rangers . The Indians led 7 - 1 in the fourth , but even then the lead did n't look safe against the Rangers , who got a leadoff homer from Cruz in the sixth and then pulled within 8 - 6 in the seventh	False
The Indians led 7 - 1 in the fourth , but even then the lead did n't look safe against the Rangers , who got a leadoff homer from Cruz in the sixth and then pulled within 8 - 6 in the seventh off reliever Cody Allen , who gave up two runs , four hits and a walk . Smith could n't keep the Rangers down in the eighth	False
General manager Chris Antonetti said before the game that he would like to add a reliever before the July 31 trading deadline . Indians closer Chris Perez was sharp , though . He pitched two perfect innings , the first time he 's gone that long since May 29 , 2010 . The Indians scored four runs in the fourth	True
The six - run lead , though , was erased by the Rangers , who could n't quite pull off a comeback win . A sudden surge of wildness by Perez helped the Indians open a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
A sudden surge of wildness by Perez helped the Indians open a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Brantley beat out an infield single and Mike Aviles followed with a base hit . Perez then uncorked consecutive wild pitches to the backstop , scoring Brantley and moving Aviles to third	False
Michael Brantley beat out an infield single and Mike Aviles followed with a base hit . Perez then uncorked consecutive wild pitches to the backstop , scoring Brantley and moving Aviles to third before he came home on Bourn 's grounder . Swisher , who has acknowledged feeling pressure to live up to the four - year , $ 56 million contract he signed in December , gave the Indians a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Delgado worked 5 2/3 scoreless innings his previous start , a 3 - 1 win over San Francisco , and was even better against the Padres . Everth Cabrera lined his first pitch of the game for a single , but the right-hander retired nine straight until Nick Hundley 's leadoff double in the fourth	True
Delgado worked 5 2/3 scoreless innings his previous start , a 3 - 1 win over San Francisco , and was even better against the Padres . Everth Cabrera lined his first pitch of the game for a single , but the right-hander retired nine straight until Nick Hundley 's leadoff double in the fourth . Delgado stranded him at second	False
Delgado worked 5 2/3 scoreless innings his previous start , a 3 - 1 win over San Francisco , and was even better against the Padres . Everth Cabrera lined his first pitch of the game for a single , but the right-hander retired nine straight until Nick Hundley 's leadoff double in the fourth . Delgado stranded him at second and retired 10 straight before walking Yonder Alonso with one out in the seventh	True
Everth Cabrera lined his first pitch of the game for a single , but the right-hander retired nine straight until Nick Hundley 's leadoff double in the fourth . Delgado stranded him at second and retired 10 straight before walking Yonder Alonso with one out in the seventh . Right fielder Gerardo Parra made a spectacular catch against the fence to rob Will Venable of a hit to end the seventh	True
Hill drove in a run with a double in the first inning , then scored on Prado 's run-scoring single . In the second inning , Cliff Pennington scored from first	False
Hill drove in a run with a double in the first inning , then scored on Prado 's run-scoring single . In the second inning , Cliff Pennington scored from first when Hundley , San Diego 's catcher , threw wildly to first	False
Buehrle pitched a two - hitter , and the Toronto Blue Jays ended a season-worst , seven - game losing streak by beating the Astros 4 - 0 on Thursday night . After Buehrle wrapped up a brisk 2:18 game with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Buehrle pitched his ninth career shutout , and first since throwing a perfect game against Tampa Bay in 2009 . The complete game was the 29th of Buehrle 's career but just the second	False
The complete game was the 29th of Buehrle 's career but just the second of the season for the Blue Jays . Knuckleballer R. A. Dickey had the other , going the distance at Tampa Bay on June 26 . In Buehrle 's previous start , he matched a season-worst by giving up 10 hits against Tampa Bay . He held the Astros without a hit until Justin Maxwell singled with two outs in the fifth	True
Erik Bedard ( 3 - 8 ) lost his fifth straight start , allowing one run and three hits in five innings . He walked one and struck out six . Bedard had walked five or more in three of his previous four starts . Jose Bautista drew a two - out walk in the fourth	True
Jose Bautista drew a two - out walk in the fourth and scored on Edwin Encarnacion 's double into the right-field corner . Encarnacion was thrown out trying to stretch his hit into a triple . Lucas Harrell walked Bautista and Encarnacion to begin the seventh	True
Lucas Harrell walked Bautista and Encarnacion to begin the seventh . Pinch-hitter Lind had an RBI double , and Izturis followed with a two - run single over the drawn-in infield . Houston did n't put a runner in scoring position until the sixth	True
Lucas Harrell walked Bautista and Encarnacion to begin the seventh . Pinch-hitter Lind had an RBI double , and Izturis followed with a two - run single over the drawn-in infield . Houston did n't put a runner in scoring position until the sixth , when leadoff man Brandon Barnes was hit by a pitch and advanced to second	False
Houston did n't put a runner in scoring position until the sixth , when leadoff man Brandon Barnes was hit by a pitch and advanced to second on Jonathan Villar 's sacrifice . Buehrle responded by getting Jose Altuve and Jason Castro to ground out . J. D. Martinez hit a one - out double in the seventh	True
`` I still expect the guys that we have out there to produce , to scrap and battle and see if we can get some runs across . '' Mark Kotsay , who halted an 0 - for - 25 slump with a single in the second	True
`` I still expect the guys that we have out there to produce , to scrap and battle and see if we can get some runs across . '' Mark Kotsay , who halted an 0 - for - 25 slump with a single in the second , led off the sixth	True
Mark Kotsay , who halted an 0 - for - 25 slump with a single in the second , led off the sixth with a single . Hundley followed with his seventh homer of the season for a 4 - 1 lead . Kotsay also singled home a run in the seventh	True
Venable , Kotsay and Hundley , San Diego 's Nos . 6 - 8 hitters , were a combined 9 for 13 with five RBIs and four runs . Milwaukee 's Khris Davis , called up from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to replace Braun , hit a solo shot in the eighth	True
Milwaukee 's Khris Davis , called up from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to replace Braun , hit a solo shot in the eighth against Colt Hynes for his first major league homer . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Milwaukee 's Khris Davis , called up from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to replace Braun , hit a solo shot in the eighth against Colt Hynes for his first major league homer . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Yonder Alonso . Milwaukee got the run back in the third	True
Milwaukee 's Khris Davis , called up from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to replace Braun , hit a solo shot in the eighth against Colt Hynes for his first major league homer . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Yonder Alonso . Milwaukee got the run back in the third when Jeff Bianchi scored from third	False
Milwaukee 's Khris Davis , called up from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to replace Braun , hit a solo shot in the eighth against Colt Hynes for his first major league homer . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Yonder Alonso . Milwaukee got the run back in the third when Jeff Bianchi scored from third after an errant pickoff attempt to first	False
San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Yonder Alonso . Milwaukee got the run back in the third when Jeff Bianchi scored from third after an errant pickoff attempt to first by Ross . Venable 's solo homer gave the Padres a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Napoli ended the 4-hour , 46-minute game at 12:53 a.m. Monday . The Red Sox scored seven runs after falling behind 3 - 0 , thanks in part to Napoli 's three - run homer in the third inning that cleared the seats above the Green Monster and the billboard above them . But they coughed up the lead when New York scored two in the sixth	True
Napoli ended the 4-hour , 46-minute game at 12:53 a.m. Monday . The Red Sox scored seven runs after falling behind 3 - 0 , thanks in part to Napoli 's three - run homer in the third inning that cleared the seats above the Green Monster and the billboard above them . But they coughed up the lead when New York scored two in the sixth and two in the seventh	False
The Red Sox scored seven runs after falling behind 3 - 0 , thanks in part to Napoli 's three - run homer in the third inning that cleared the seats above the Green Monster and the billboard above them . But they coughed up the lead when New York scored two in the sixth and two in the seventh to tie it 7-all . It stayed that way until Napoli hit a 3 - 2 pitch from Adam Warren ( 1 - 1 ) into the center field bleachers . Napoli also struck out three times and grounded into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded in the eighth	True
It stayed that way until Napoli hit a 3 - 2 pitch from Adam Warren ( 1 - 1 ) into the center field bleachers . Napoli also struck out three times and grounded into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded in the eighth . Pedro Beato ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 11th	True
Pedro Beato ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 11th for the win , giving up a single to Eduardo Nunez before he was erased trying to steal second ; replays showed he was barely safe . Nunez , Brett Gardner and Robinson Cano had three hits apiece for the Yankees . New York had runners at first	False
Pedro Beato ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 11th for the win , giving up a single to Eduardo Nunez before he was erased trying to steal second ; replays showed he was barely safe . Nunez , Brett Gardner and Robinson Cano had three hits apiece for the Yankees . New York had runners at first and second	False
Pedro Beato ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 11th for the win , giving up a single to Eduardo Nunez before he was erased trying to steal second ; replays showed he was barely safe . Nunez , Brett Gardner and Robinson Cano had three hits apiece for the Yankees . New York had runners at first and second with one out in the 10th	True
Boston moved Ryan Dempster up in the rotation to give Jon Lester a couple of extra days ' rest after the All-Star break , but things started off poorly for the Red Sox right-hander . Gardner , who also had three hits on Saturday , led off the game with a single , and then went to third	False
Boston moved Ryan Dempster up in the rotation to give Jon Lester a couple of extra days ' rest after the All-Star break , but things started off poorly for the Red Sox right-hander . Gardner , who also had three hits on Saturday , led off the game with a single , and then went to third when Dempster fielded Ichiro Suzuki 's comebacker and threw it into center field for an error . Suzuki stole second	False
Boston moved Ryan Dempster up in the rotation to give Jon Lester a couple of extra days ' rest after the All-Star break , but things started off poorly for the Red Sox right-hander . Gardner , who also had three hits on Saturday , led off the game with a single , and then went to third when Dempster fielded Ichiro Suzuki 's comebacker and threw it into center field for an error . Suzuki stole second , and Saltalamacchia threw the ball into center for another error that allowed Gardner to score and Suzuki to move to third	False
Gardner , who also had three hits on Saturday , led off the game with a single , and then went to third when Dempster fielded Ichiro Suzuki 's comebacker and threw it into center field for an error . Suzuki stole second , and Saltalamacchia threw the ball into center for another error that allowed Gardner to score and Suzuki to move to third . He scored on Vernon Wells ' single to make it 2 - 0 . New York took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
New York took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Cano 's RBI single . The Red Sox rallied with a four - run third inning , taking the lead on Napoli 's three - run homer . Shane Victorino added a two - run single in the fourth	True
New York took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Cano 's RBI single . The Red Sox rallied with a four - run third inning , taking the lead on Napoli 's three - run homer . Shane Victorino added a two - run single in the fourth on a high chopper that bounced over the third baseman 's head , and Jonny Gomes homered in the fifth	True
The Red Sox rallied with a four - run third inning , taking the lead on Napoli 's three - run homer . Shane Victorino added a two - run single in the fourth on a high chopper that bounced over the third baseman 's head , and Jonny Gomes homered in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 . But The Yankees scored two in the sixth	True
The Red Sox rallied with a four - run third inning , taking the lead on Napoli 's three - run homer . Shane Victorino added a two - run single in the fourth on a high chopper that bounced over the third baseman 's head , and Jonny Gomes homered in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 . But The Yankees scored two in the sixth on RBI singles by Gardner and Cano before Overbay hit into an inning-ending double play . They tied it 7-all in the seventh	False
WASHINGTON -- Andre Ethier thought it was gone . Then he was n't so sure . Leading off the ninth	True
Compounding things was the second ninth-inning homer allowed by Soriano ( 1 - 2 ) in three appearances . Ronald Belisario ( 4 - 5 ) faced only one batter to get the win , his 14th consecutive appearance without a run allowed . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
Ricky Nolasco , in his third start with the Dodgers , gave up two runs over 5 1/3 innings against the same club that beat him 2 - 0 on opening day when he was with the Miami Marlins . Puig made a stunning on-the-fly throw from right field to third base in the second inning in time to get Harper , who had tagged up from second	False
Miguel Montero and Jason Kubel also homered and Eric Chavez drew a bases-loaded walk to drive in the go-ahead run for the Diamondbacks , who have won three straight overall and all six meetings against Milwaukee this season . Will Harris ( 2 - 0 ) threw a perfect seventh inning in relief of Randall Delgado for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth	True
Miguel Montero and Jason Kubel also homered and Eric Chavez drew a bases-loaded walk to drive in the go-ahead run for the Diamondbacks , who have won three straight overall and all six meetings against Milwaukee this season . Will Harris ( 2 - 0 ) threw a perfect seventh inning in relief of Randall Delgado for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth for his third save overall and second	False
Brewers starter Kyle Lohse ( 5 - 7 ) allowed only five base runners in 6 1/3 innings , but all five scored . With Milwaukee leading 4 - 2 in the bottom of the seventh	True
Lohse allowed four hits , walked one and struck out five and Jonathan Lucroy hit his 13th home run for the Brewers , who have lost four in a row . Lohse gave the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Lohse allowed four hits , walked one and struck out five and Jonathan Lucroy hit his 13th home run for the Brewers , who have lost four in a row . Lohse gave the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he drove in Logan Schafer from second	False
Lohse gave the Brewers a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he drove in Logan Schafer from second on a single up the middle . Montero tied the game at 1 - 1 in the bottom of the fifth	True
Montero tied the game at 1 - 1 in the bottom of the fifth on the Diamondbacks ' first hit . But in the sixth	True
But in the sixth , Jean Segura singled and Lucroy followed with his second home run in three games to put the Brewers ahead 3 - 1 . Carlos Gomez walked and later scored on a two - out passed ball to make it 4 - 1 . Gregorius homered with one out in the sixth	True
Mitch Moreland 's two - run homer in the fourth gave Texas a 3 - 0 lead , and Derek Holland ( 8 - 4 ) was sharp for the Rangers . He allowed a run and five hits in seven innings . Adrian Beltre added a two - run homer in a three - run ninth	True
Adrian Beltre added a two - run homer in a three - run ninth for Texas . Scherzer entered the day leading the majors in run support , and that was no small reason for his unblemished record . He struck out three in the first	True
Scherzer entered the day leading the majors in run support , and that was no small reason for his unblemished record . He struck out three in the first . Jurickson Profar 's line drive in the second caught Scherzer in the left wrist , and he showed reporters his bruised non-throwing arm afterward . The Detroit pitcher threw to first	False
Jurickson Profar 's line drive in the second caught Scherzer in the left wrist , and he showed reporters his bruised non-throwing arm afterward . The Detroit pitcher threw to first to retire Profar and was able to keep going . The Rangers finally put his streak in jeopardy in the fourth	True
The Rangers finally put his streak in jeopardy in the fourth . Nelson Cruz led off with a double , advanced to third	False
Hernan Perez hit an RBI single in the bottom of the inning , but Pierzynski 's RBI bloop double in the fifth made it 4 - 1 . Scherzer did extend one streak . He 's struck out at least six hitters in all 19 starts this year . When he walked off the mound after the third	True
Hernan Perez hit an RBI single in the bottom of the inning , but Pierzynski 's RBI bloop double in the fifth made it 4 - 1 . Scherzer did extend one streak . He 's struck out at least six hitters in all 19 starts this year . When he walked off the mound after the third out of the sixth	True
Jon Jay had four hits and Matt Adams went 2 for 4 for St. Louis , which had won six of seven , including a 3 - 2 victory in the second game of the four - game series on Friday night . Lance Lynn was knocked out in the fifth inning in his second-shortest outing of the season . The Cardinals played without outfielder Matt Holliday , who left Thursday 's night 's 3 - 0 loss to Chicago due to tightness in his right hamstring . All-Star catcher Yadier Molina was out of the starting lineup on his 31st birthday , but he hit for Rob Johnson in the eighth	True
Molina reached on an error by right fielder Julio Borbon , loading the bases with one out . Matt Carpenter hit a sacrifice fly , trimming the Cubs ' lead to 6 - 3 , but James Russell got Daniel Descalso to fly out to end the inning . Kevin Gregg allowed Jay 's two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
Kevin Gregg allowed Jay 's two - out RBI single in the ninth before retiring Pete Kozma with runners on the corners for his 17th save in 19 chances . Soriano drove Lynn 's first pitch of the third	True
Soriano drove Lynn 's first pitch of the third over the wall in center field for his 16th homer , extending the lead to 4 - 1 . The slugger went 2 for 5 and is batting .350 ( 21 for 60 ) with nine homers and 19 RBIs in his last 15 games , increasing the likelihood that he could be dealt in the next couple weeks . Garza ( 6 - 1 ) escaped a jam in the fourth	True
Soriano drove Lynn 's first pitch of the third over the wall in center field for his 16th homer , extending the lead to 4 - 1 . The slugger went 2 for 5 and is batting .350 ( 21 for 60 ) with nine homers and 19 RBIs in his last 15 games , increasing the likelihood that he could be dealt in the next couple weeks . Garza ( 6 - 1 ) escaped a jam in the fourth and was in control until the Cardinals chased him with three hits in the seventh	True
The same could be said of the Angels ' entire lineup , which has been mostly responsible for the team winning 11 of 14 games to improve to 44 - 46 . Mark Trumbo and Brendan Harris also homered and all of the Angels ' home runs were no-doubters . They hit a pair during a five - run first inning and then followed with three more in a six - run fifth	True
`` We have a lot of guys that , I think , are on the way back up to their level of play after slow starts . That 's the key . We just need to get everyone playing just the way they can play . It 's not like they have to go out there and hit a grand slam every game or something like that . '' The Angels wasted little time in getting to Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 9 ) . Erick Aybar and Mike Trout started the game with doubles and Pujols drew the first	False
The Angels wasted little time in getting to Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 9 ) . Erick Aybar and Mike Trout started the game with doubles and Pujols drew the first of his three walks . Hamilton followed with a drive over the right-field wall for a three - run shot , his 13th	False
Hamilton followed with a drive over the right-field wall for a three - run shot , his 13th of the season . A batter later , Trumbo connected on a hanging slider and hit it into the left-field bleachers to cap a five - run first inning . Leading 5 - 1 , the Angels broke it open in the fifth	True
Pedro Alvarez went 2 for 4 and drove in two runs for Pittsburgh . Andrew McCutchen , Starling Marte and Jose Tabata also had two hits each as the Pirates beat Oakland for the first time . Pittsburgh came in 0 - 11 against the A 's since interleague play began in 1997 , but broke loose against Tommy Milone ( 8 - 8 ) . The Pirates managed just six runs total during a four - game slide that dropped them behind St. Louis in the battle for first	False
Pedro Alvarez went 2 for 4 and drove in two runs for Pittsburgh . Andrew McCutchen , Starling Marte and Jose Tabata also had two hits each as the Pirates beat Oakland for the first time . Pittsburgh came in 0 - 11 against the A 's since interleague play began in 1997 , but broke loose against Tommy Milone ( 8 - 8 ) . The Pirates managed just six runs total during a four - game slide that dropped them behind St. Louis in the battle for first in the NL Central but nearly matched that total on a night they went 5 for 9 with runners in scoring position , heady territory for a team that came in hitting just .226 with runners on second	False
Pedro Alvarez went 2 for 4 and drove in two runs for Pittsburgh . Andrew McCutchen , Starling Marte and Jose Tabata also had two hits each as the Pirates beat Oakland for the first time . Pittsburgh came in 0 - 11 against the A 's since interleague play began in 1997 , but broke loose against Tommy Milone ( 8 - 8 ) . The Pirates managed just six runs total during a four - game slide that dropped them behind St. Louis in the battle for first in the NL Central but nearly matched that total on a night they went 5 for 9 with runners in scoring position , heady territory for a team that came in hitting just .226 with runners on second or third	False
The left-hander was coming off a season-high 8 1/3 innings of work in a win over Kansas City last week . He did n't make it out of the third inning as Pittsburgh 's offense showed signs of life . Marte doubled leading off the third	True
That was enough for Milone , who needed 80 pitches to get through 2 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who made his first appearance since June 29 . The rust showed . Pittsburgh tacked on two more runs in the fourth	True
Even if Straily is n't exactly pitching like one at the moment for the A 's , who have won 10 of 13 . He tossed seven shutout innings in a victory over the Chicago Cubs in his previous start , then backed it up by silencing the quickly cooling Pirates . Straily credited a much-improved curveball for keeping the Pirates off balance . Straily threw just one changeup against the Pirates , and Pedro Alvarez sent it 448 feet to center in the second	True
Straily threw just one changeup against the Pirates , and Pedro Alvarez sent it 448 feet to center in the second for Pittsburgh 's lone run . Grant Balfour worked the ninth	True
Straily threw just one changeup against the Pirates , and Pedro Alvarez sent it 448 feet to center in the second for Pittsburgh 's lone run . Grant Balfour worked the ninth to remain perfect in 24 save chances this season . Brandon Moss slammed a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It never really happened . Moss hit all of 13 homers in 195 games for the Pirates before eventually making his way to Oakland , where he 's become a key cog in one of baseball 's biggest surprises . Moss provided a glimpse of what could have been in Pittsburgh in the fourth	True
Yet he had no issues dealing with Pittsburgh 's suddenly punchless offense . The Pirates have scored just six runs during a 2 - 6 slump that has dropped them behind first-place St. Louis in the heated NL Central race . Alvarez provided Pittsburgh 's lone run with his drive to the bushes in center leading off the second	True
Alvarez provided Pittsburgh 's lone run with his drive to the bushes in center leading off the second . The home run made him the third player in team history to reach 23 homers before the All-Star break , joining Ralph Kiner and Willie Stargell . The Pirates did n't get a runner to third base over the final six innings . Their best chance to tie the game came in the seventh	True
Alvarez provided Pittsburgh 's lone run with his drive to the bushes in center leading off the second . The home run made him the third player in team history to reach 23 homers before the All-Star break , joining Ralph Kiner and Willie Stargell . The Pirates did n't get a runner to third base over the final six innings . Their best chance to tie the game came in the seventh when Alvarez led off with a walk and moved to second	False
Alvarez provided Pittsburgh 's lone run with his drive to the bushes in center leading off the second . The home run made him the third player in team history to reach 23 homers before the All-Star break , joining Ralph Kiner and Willie Stargell . The Pirates did n't get a runner to third base over the final six innings . Their best chance to tie the game came in the seventh when Alvarez led off with a walk and moved to second on Russell Martin 's sacrifice bunt . Oakland reliever Sean Doolittle replaced Straily and struck out pinch-hitter Gaby Sanchez before getting Jordy Mercer to pop up to first	False
The Pirates did n't get a runner to third base over the final six innings . Their best chance to tie the game came in the seventh when Alvarez led off with a walk and moved to second on Russell Martin 's sacrifice bunt . Oakland reliever Sean Doolittle replaced Straily and struck out pinch-hitter Gaby Sanchez before getting Jordy Mercer to pop up to first . Jose Tabata led off the ninth	True
The Pirates did n't get a runner to third base over the final six innings . Their best chance to tie the game came in the seventh when Alvarez led off with a walk and moved to second on Russell Martin 's sacrifice bunt . Oakland reliever Sean Doolittle replaced Straily and struck out pinch-hitter Gaby Sanchez before getting Jordy Mercer to pop up to first . Jose Tabata led off the ninth with a single off Balfour , but Andrew McCutchen and Alvarez struck out before Martin grounded out meekly to first	False
It also was their first home game since 19 Arizona firefighters died while trying to extinguish an erratic wildfire last Sunday . The Diamondbacks paid tribute to the victims of the tragedy during a pregame ceremony that featured a bagpipe band playing `` Amazing Grace '' while photos of each of the fallen firefighters were shown on the ballpark 's giant video screen . Colorado had four baserunners , and only one of them reached second	False
It also was their first home game since 19 Arizona firefighters died while trying to extinguish an erratic wildfire last Sunday . The Diamondbacks paid tribute to the victims of the tragedy during a pregame ceremony that featured a bagpipe band playing `` Amazing Grace '' while photos of each of the fallen firefighters were shown on the ballpark 's giant video screen . Colorado had four baserunners , and only one of them reached second . One was thrown out trying to steal second	False
The Rockies , already with Troy Tulowitzki on the 15-day disabled list , were without Carlos Gonzalez because of a sore back . Pollock tripled and scored on De La Rosa 's wild pitch in the first	True
The Rockies , already with Troy Tulowitzki on the 15-day disabled list , were without Carlos Gonzalez because of a sore back . Pollock tripled and scored on De La Rosa 's wild pitch in the first , and came up with another big hit in the third	True
Pollock tripled and scored on De La Rosa 's wild pitch in the first , and came up with another big hit in the third . Didi Gregorius led off with a single , and was sacrificed to second	False
Umpires reviewed the play and upheld the call on the field . That left runners at second	False
Umpires reviewed the play and upheld the call on the field . That left runners at second and third	False
Umpires reviewed the play and upheld the call on the field . That left runners at second and third with one out . Gregorius was caught in a rundown on Hill 's chopper to third	False
That left runners at second and third with one out . Gregorius was caught in a rundown on Hill 's chopper to third , but Goldschmidt 's soft single to center brought in Pollock . After Skaggs cruised through a seven - pitch sixth	True
After Skaggs cruised through a seven - pitch sixth , Arizona got another run and ended De La Rosa 's night in the bottom half . Hill led off with a double to the right-field corner , and then Goldschmidt scorched a line drive RBI double over the head of center fielder Tyler Colvin . Arizona tacked on two more against Adam Ottavino in the seventh	True
After Skaggs cruised through a seven - pitch sixth , Arizona got another run and ended De La Rosa 's night in the bottom half . Hill led off with a double to the right-field corner , and then Goldschmidt scorched a line drive RBI double over the head of center fielder Tyler Colvin . Arizona tacked on two more against Adam Ottavino in the seventh . Gregorius reached on his second single , and was sacrificed to second	False
Chase Headley homered , doubled and drove in two runs , and Carlos Quentin had a three - run homer for the Padres , who 've lost seven straight , but scored more than two runs for the first time in that stretch . Gonzalez ( 6 - 3 ) went 6 2/3 innings , allowing three runs and eight hits while striking out five and walking one . He allowed a first-inning run and pitched out of a jam in the second	True
Chase Headley homered , doubled and drove in two runs , and Carlos Quentin had a three - run homer for the Padres , who 've lost seven straight , but scored more than two runs for the first time in that stretch . Gonzalez ( 6 - 3 ) went 6 2/3 innings , allowing three runs and eight hits while striking out five and walking one . He allowed a first-inning run and pitched out of a jam in the second when he struck out three straight with runners on second	False
Chase Headley homered , doubled and drove in two runs , and Carlos Quentin had a three - run homer for the Padres , who 've lost seven straight , but scored more than two runs for the first time in that stretch . Gonzalez ( 6 - 3 ) went 6 2/3 innings , allowing three runs and eight hits while striking out five and walking one . He allowed a first-inning run and pitched out of a jam in the second when he struck out three straight with runners on second and third	False
He went through a six - game stretch during which the Nationals scored two runs or fewer , but is now getting good run support . Washington has scored 25 runs in his past three starts . Gonzalez left with an 8 - 2 lead and a runner on first	False
He went through a six - game stretch during which the Nationals scored two runs or fewer , but is now getting good run support . Washington has scored 25 runs in his past three starts . Gonzalez left with an 8 - 2 lead and a runner on first with two outs in the seventh	True
Gonzalez left with an 8 - 2 lead and a runner on first with two outs in the seventh . Chris Denorfia ( 3 for 4 ) singled off reliever Craig Stammen and Quentin hit Stammen 's first pitch into the seats beyond the visitor 's bullpen to make it 8 - 5 . Tyler Clippard pitched the eighth	True
Gonzalez left with an 8 - 2 lead and a runner on first with two outs in the seventh . Chris Denorfia ( 3 for 4 ) singled off reliever Craig Stammen and Quentin hit Stammen 's first pitch into the seats beyond the visitor 's bullpen to make it 8 - 5 . Tyler Clippard pitched the eighth and Rafael Soriano the ninth	False
Harper drove in the fifth run with a sacrifice fly . Headley homered in the third	True
Headley homered in the third to make it 5 - 2 . Ramos singled home LaRoche in the bottom of the third	False
Ramos singled home LaRoche in the bottom of the third . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Desmond scored on a LaRoche single and Zimmerman scored on a Werth groundout to make it 8 - 2 . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Brett Wallace homered twice for the Astros . Jose Lobaton walked to start the 11th	True
Brett Wallace homered twice for the Astros . Jose Lobaton walked to start the 11th and moved to second	False
Escobar advanced on Desmond Jennings ' fly ball to right and came home on a wild pitch by Wesley Wright . Jamey Wright ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Wallace hit a three - run shot in the eighth inning , tying it at 5 with his second homer of the game . The Rays had just grabbed the lead with three runs in the top half , including a two - run double by Escobar . Evan Longoria had a run-scoring groundout in the first	True
Wallace hit a three - run shot in the eighth inning , tying it at 5 with his second homer of the game . The Rays had just grabbed the lead with three runs in the top half , including a two - run double by Escobar . Evan Longoria had a run-scoring groundout in the first for Tampa Bay , and Escobar came on home on Jordan Lyles ' wild pitch in the seventh	True
Evan Longoria had a run-scoring groundout in the first for Tampa Bay , and Escobar came on home on Jordan Lyles ' wild pitch in the seventh , tying it at 2 . Wallace hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria had a run-scoring groundout in the first for Tampa Bay , and Escobar came on home on Jordan Lyles ' wild pitch in the seventh , tying it at 2 . Wallace hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Jake Elmore had a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
Wallace hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Jake Elmore had a sacrifice fly in the fifth for the Astros . Elmore sparked Houston 's rally in the eighth	False
Longoria was Tampa Bay 's designated hitter for the third straight game after missing the previous three games with plantar fasciitis in his right foot . James Loney had a single in the Tampa Bay fourth	True
Michael Saunders walked on a full-count pitch with two out before Seager connected against Robbie Ross ( 4 - 2 ) for his third hit of the game . Seager 's 12th homer landed in the first row of seats in right field . Charlie Furbush ( 2 - 4 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win , and Tom Wilhelmsen was perfect in the 10th	True
Kinsler , who spent nearly a month on the disabled list with a rib fracture , sent the 11th pitch of his at-bat against Hernandez a few rows deep in left field for his first homer since May 8 . The Mariners pulled even with a run in the sixth	True
The Mariners pulled even with a run in the sixth , ending Derek Holland 's night with a 37-pitch inning that included three straight full counts . The last of the three full counts came against Mike Zunino , who battled back from an 0 - 2 count for a tying infield single on a hopper that Adrian Beltre could n't handle behind the bag at third	False
Holland , making his first outing since a two - hit shutout in a 2 - 0 win at Yankee Stadium , gave up a leadoff home run to Jason Bay on the fourth pitch of the game . The Mariners had runners at first	False
Holland , making his first outing since a two - hit shutout in a 2 - 0 win at Yankee Stadium , gave up a leadoff home run to Jason Bay on the fourth pitch of the game . The Mariners had runners at first and third	False
Holland , making his first outing since a two - hit shutout in a 2 - 0 win at Yankee Stadium , gave up a leadoff home run to Jason Bay on the fourth pitch of the game . The Mariners had runners at first and third with no outs in the second	True
Holland , making his first outing since a two - hit shutout in a 2 - 0 win at Yankee Stadium , gave up a leadoff home run to Jason Bay on the fourth pitch of the game . The Mariners had runners at first and third with no outs in the second after singles by Seager and Smoak , but Holland got a shallow fly ball from Dustin Ackley that forced Seager to hold up after going a third	True
Holland struck out 10 and had seven hits and two walks on his line . Hernandez gave up four extra-base hits , matching the Texas total from its previous four games combined . Besides the homers from Murphy and Kinsler , Nelson Cruz doubled with two outs in the first	True
Holland struck out 10 and had seven hits and two walks on his line . Hernandez gave up four extra-base hits , matching the Texas total from its previous four games combined . Besides the homers from Murphy and Kinsler , Nelson Cruz doubled with two outs in the first and Beltre had a leadoff double that was followed by three straight outs in the sixth	True
Hernandez gave up four extra-base hits , matching the Texas total from its previous four games combined . Besides the homers from Murphy and Kinsler , Nelson Cruz doubled with two outs in the first and Beltre had a leadoff double that was followed by three straight outs in the sixth . Elvis Andrus grounded into an inning-ending double play with two on in the seventh	False
`` I'm just trying to block it out as much as I can , going out there and just trying to go every fifth day and eat up as many innings as I can and give us a chance to win . Whatever happens , happens is my mindset on it . I think that 's been helping me out . '' Nolasco ( 5 - 8 ) allowed only two runs on six hits . He had no walks with seven strikeouts , giving him 1,001 for his career . The 1,000th strikeout came against Brian McCann to end the sixth	True
`` I'm just trying to block it out as much as I can , going out there and just trying to go every fifth day and eat up as many innings as I can and give us a chance to win . Whatever happens , happens is my mindset on it . I think that 's been helping me out . '' Nolasco ( 5 - 8 ) allowed only two runs on six hits . He had no walks with seven strikeouts , giving him 1,001 for his career . The 1,000th strikeout came against Brian McCann to end the sixth with a runner on third	False
`` I'm just trying to block it out as much as I can , going out there and just trying to go every fifth day and eat up as many innings as I can and give us a chance to win . Whatever happens , happens is my mindset on it . I think that 's been helping me out . '' Nolasco ( 5 - 8 ) allowed only two runs on six hits . He had no walks with seven strikeouts , giving him 1,001 for his career . The 1,000th strikeout came against Brian McCann to end the sixth with a runner on third . McCann hit a homer -- the eighth	False
`` I'm just trying to block it out as much as I can , going out there and just trying to go every fifth day and eat up as many innings as I can and give us a chance to win . Whatever happens , happens is my mindset on it . I think that 's been helping me out . '' Nolasco ( 5 - 8 ) allowed only two runs on six hits . He had no walks with seven strikeouts , giving him 1,001 for his career . The 1,000th strikeout came against Brian McCann to end the sixth with a runner on third . McCann hit a homer -- the eighth of his career off Nolasco -- in the fourth	True
Nolasco ( 5 - 8 ) allowed only two runs on six hits . He had no walks with seven strikeouts , giving him 1,001 for his career . The 1,000th strikeout came against Brian McCann to end the sixth with a runner on third . McCann hit a homer -- the eighth of his career off Nolasco -- in the fourth . Nolasco had one of the biggest at-bats of the game , a two - out walk in the fifth	True
Nolasco had one of the biggest at-bats of the game , a two - out walk in the fifth that set up Ruggiano 's homer . The Braves led 2 - 0 before Ruggiano 's homer off Mike Minor ( 8 - 4 ) in the fifth	True
Nolasco had one of the biggest at-bats of the game , a two - out walk in the fifth that set up Ruggiano 's homer . The Braves led 2 - 0 before Ruggiano 's homer off Mike Minor ( 8 - 4 ) in the fifth . Miami added a run in the sixth	False
Nolasco had one of the biggest at-bats of the game , a two - out walk in the fifth that set up Ruggiano 's homer . The Braves led 2 - 0 before Ruggiano 's homer off Mike Minor ( 8 - 4 ) in the fifth . Miami added a run in the sixth when Placido Polanco singled and scored on Adeiny Hechavarria 's double . Jeff Mathis added a two - run double in the eighth	False
`` It was some of the balls I was getting back . I really did n't complain about it because both pitchers are pitching in it . No matter what ball I got back , it was still wet from being on the side . '' After Chad Qualls pitched a scoreless eighth	True
`` It was some of the balls I was getting back . I really did n't complain about it because both pitchers are pitching in it . No matter what ball I got back , it was still wet from being on the side . '' After Chad Qualls pitched a scoreless eighth , Mike Dunn gave up singles to Freddie Freeman and Dan Uggla in the ninth	True
Minor could n't overcome a key walk . Donovan Solano led off Miami 's fifth	True
Minor could n't overcome a key walk . Donovan Solano led off Miami 's fifth with a double to right field before advancing to third	False
Donovan Solano led off Miami 's fifth with a double to right field before advancing to third on a wild pitch . Minor struck out Hechavarria and Jeff Mathis before walking Nolasco . Ruggiano 's homer to left field gave the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . B. J. Upton led off the third	True
Donovan Solano led off Miami 's fifth with a double to right field before advancing to third on a wild pitch . Minor struck out Hechavarria and Jeff Mathis before walking Nolasco . Ruggiano 's homer to left field gave the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . B. J. Upton led off the third with an infield single and scored on Andrelton Simmons ' single to right . Brian McCann pushed the lead to 2 - 0 by using a golf swing to line a low pitch from Nolasco over the right-field wall with one out in the fourth	True
Cano followed up a two - homer performance Monday by going 2 for 4 with three RBIs and Alberto Gonzalez had two hits and three RBIs as well for the Yankees . New York has broken out for 17 runs in the first two games of the series to snap a five - game skid . Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs on five hits in six innings for the Twins . Brian Dozier had a two - run double in the ninth	True
Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 3 ) gave up three runs on five hits in six innings for the Twins . Brian Dozier had a two - run double in the ninth , but the Twins could n't get much going against Hughes and lost for the eighth time in 11 games . Mariano Rivera got one out in the ninth	True
Gonzalez got on the board with a two - run double down the right field line in the fifth inning . Deduno then misplayed a slow roller up the first baseline from Ichiro Suzuki , bobbling the ball just before it was set to roll foul and allowing Gonzalez to score for a 3 - 1 lead . Gonzalez then made a superb play in the field , running on a dead sprint with his back to home plate and laying out at the last second	False
Mauer snapped an 0 - for - 18 skid with an RBI single in the third inning to get the Twins on top 1 - 0 . The Twins had a golden chance to extend the lead in the fourth inning when they opened with runners on second	False
Mauer snapped an 0 - for - 18 skid with an RBI single in the third inning to get the Twins on top 1 - 0 . The Twins had a golden chance to extend the lead in the fourth inning when they opened with runners on second and third	False
Andy Dirks entered after Cabrera left , and got two hits and scored twice . Rick Porcello ( 11 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out three . He was replaced by Al Alburquerque with the bases loaded and two out in the sixth	True
Rick Porcello ( 11 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out three . He was replaced by Al Alburquerque with the bases loaded and two out in the sixth . Alburquerque walked Asdrubal Cabrera to force in a run and make it 5 - 2 , but then got Yan Gomes on a grounder . Drew Smyly and Bruce Rondon combined to pitch a scoreless seventh	True
Zach McAllister ( 7 - 8 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a spectacular double play started by Detroit shortstop Jose Iglesias . With runners on first	False
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a spectacular double play started by Detroit shortstop Jose Iglesias . With runners on first and third	False
With runners on first and third and none out , Asdrubal Cabrera hit a one - hop liner that Iglesias snared with a dive to his right . He then made the throw to second baseman Omar Infante while still on the ground and rolling over . The Tigers tied it in the second	True
The Tigers tied it in the second on Don Kelly 's sacrifice fly . Detroit scored four in the third	False
WASHINGTON -- Giancarlo Stanton rattled Nationals Park like few , if any , who have been here before , nailing a fastball that might still be rolling among the city 's tourist attractions had it not clanged loudly off the facade of the middle deck in foul territory . The stadium gasped . Reliever Drew Storen , already with men on first	False
WASHINGTON -- Giancarlo Stanton rattled Nationals Park like few , if any , who have been here before , nailing a fastball that might still be rolling among the city 's tourist attractions had it not clanged loudly off the facade of the middle deck in foul territory . The stadium gasped . Reliever Drew Storen , already with men on first and second	False
The Nationals need such resolve from Storen -- and the rest of the roster for that matter -- if they 're to become relevant again in the playoff race . They 've won seven of eight as they hit a soft portion of the schedule , but they remain seven games behind Cincinnati , which beat St. Louis 10 - 0 , for the NL 's second wild-card berth . Storen ( 4 - 2 ) has been mostly solid since his early season struggles that sent him back to the minors . He picked up the win as the fourth	False
Storen ( 4 - 2 ) has been mostly solid since his early season struggles that sent him back to the minors . He picked up the win as the fourth of six Nationals pitchers on a night when starter Stephen Strasburg was done after two innings because of a 72-minute rain delay . Tyler Clippard worked the eighth	True
Storen ( 4 - 2 ) has been mostly solid since his early season struggles that sent him back to the minors . He picked up the win as the fourth of six Nationals pitchers on a night when starter Stephen Strasburg was done after two innings because of a 72-minute rain delay . Tyler Clippard worked the eighth , and Rafael Soriano the ninth	False
Ian Desmond had three hits , including the go-ahead RBI single in the seventh inning , for the Nationals . He also scored a run and stole a base and has six hits in the first two games of the series . The Nationals broke a 3 - 3 tie in the seventh	True
Ian Desmond had three hits , including the go-ahead RBI single in the seventh inning , for the Nationals . He also scored a run and stole a base and has six hits in the first two games of the series . The Nationals broke a 3 - 3 tie in the seventh off Mike Dunn ( 3 - 4 ) . Denard Span walked to lead off the inning , then advanced to second	False
The Nationals broke a 3 - 3 tie in the seventh off Mike Dunn ( 3 - 4 ) . Denard Span walked to lead off the inning , then advanced to second when Dunn bounced a pickoff attempt for a throwing error . Werth was intentionally walked with two outs , and Desmond scored Span with a single to left . The Marlins have lost seven of eight , a skid that manager Mike Redmond tried to halt by switching around his lineup . He batted rookie Christian Yelich third	False
The Nationals broke a 3 - 3 tie in the seventh off Mike Dunn ( 3 - 4 ) . Denard Span walked to lead off the inning , then advanced to second when Dunn bounced a pickoff attempt for a throwing error . Werth was intentionally walked with two outs , and Desmond scored Span with a single to left . The Marlins have lost seven of eight , a skid that manager Mike Redmond tried to halt by switching around his lineup . He batted rookie Christian Yelich third for the first time , moving Stanton and Logan Morrison down one notch each to fourth	False
The Nationals broke a 3 - 3 tie in the seventh off Mike Dunn ( 3 - 4 ) . Denard Span walked to lead off the inning , then advanced to second when Dunn bounced a pickoff attempt for a throwing error . Werth was intentionally walked with two outs , and Desmond scored Span with a single to left . The Marlins have lost seven of eight , a skid that manager Mike Redmond tried to halt by switching around his lineup . He batted rookie Christian Yelich third for the first time , moving Stanton and Logan Morrison down one notch each to fourth and fifth	False
It was a dog days game for both teams -- at least it felt that way when counting up all the little mistakes . Washington 's Anthony Rendon made a baserunning gaffe on a ground ball and was thrown out at third	False
It was a dog days game for both teams -- at least it felt that way when counting up all the little mistakes . Washington 's Anthony Rendon made a baserunning gaffe on a ground ball and was thrown out at third , and Bryce Harper bobbled a base hit for an error that allowed the batter to get to second	False
It was a dog days game for both teams -- at least it felt that way when counting up all the little mistakes . Washington 's Anthony Rendon made a baserunning gaffe on a ground ball and was thrown out at third , and Bryce Harper bobbled a base hit for an error that allowed the batter to get to second . Miami 's Morrison got caught in a rundown between third	False
Tampa Bay has blown 15 leads this year in the seventh inning or later , and this is the 12th time it has lost such a game . Aybar hit a two - run double off closer Fernando Rodney ( 5 - 4 ) to put the Angels up 6 - 5 in the ninth	True
Aybar hit a two - run double off closer Fernando Rodney ( 5 - 4 ) to put the Angels up 6 - 5 in the ninth . Peter Bourjos stole second	False
Aybar hit a two - run double off closer Fernando Rodney ( 5 - 4 ) to put the Angels up 6 - 5 in the ninth . Peter Bourjos stole second and went to third	False
It was just Jennings ' second error over the past two seasons . Aybar also had a two - run single during a three - run seventh	True
The Angels ( 59 - 71 ) have a four - game winning streak . After Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
After Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , Dane De La Rosa got the final three outs for his second save . Tampa Bay went up 3 - 1 during the fifth	True
After Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , Dane De La Rosa got the final three outs for his second save . Tampa Bay went up 3 - 1 during the fifth on Molina 's third straight hit off C. J. Wilson , a two - run double . James Loney made it 5 - 1 with a two - run single in the sixth	True
Molina entered 0 for 13 against Wilson . Roberto Hernandez allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . He left with two on and no outs in the seventh	True
Wilson , who had gone 5 - 0 over his previous eight starts , gave up three runs , eight hits and five walks over five innings . Mike Trout tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Mike Trout tied it at 1 in the fourth on his 23rd home run this season . It was his second homer in six at-bats against Hernandez , who struck out Trout with two on and two outs one inning later . Molina put Tampa Bay up 1 - 0 on an RBI double in the second	True
Molina put Tampa Bay up 1 - 0 on an RBI double in the second . Wilson avoided a big inning by getting an inning-ending bases-loaded fly ball from Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay 's Wil Myers popped out with the bases loaded and two outs in the fourth	True
He also pitched his way out of trouble on several occasions as he earned his first major league win since beating the Giants on Aug. 27 , 2009 , as a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Petit loaded the bases with two outs , only to wiggle out of the jam by fanning Bettis with a low slider . An inning earlier , Petit struck out Corey Dickerson and enticed DJ LeMahieu to fly out to strand a runner at third	False
Craig is 7 for 10 with 20 RBIs this season with the bases full . Rookie Carlos Martinez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two innings for his first major league win and Edward Mujica worked a perfect ninth	True
Rookie Carlos Martinez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two innings for his first major league win and Edward Mujica worked a perfect ninth for his 35th save . Zack Cozart had two hits and three RBIs for the Reds , who dropped to 4 - 9 against St. Louis this season . Jay Bruce hit his 25th homer in the eighth	True
Zack Cozart had two hits and three RBIs for the Reds , who dropped to 4 - 9 against St. Louis this season . Jay Bruce hit his 25th homer in the eighth . Cozart and Todd Frazier each hit a two - run triple off Tyler Lyons in the second	True
Zack Cozart had two hits and three RBIs for the Reds , who dropped to 4 - 9 against St. Louis this season . Jay Bruce hit his 25th homer in the eighth . Cozart and Todd Frazier each hit a two - run triple off Tyler Lyons in the second , helping Cincinnati to a 4 - 0 lead . But Holliday belted a three - run drive deep to left in the third	True
Holliday 's 18th homer came against Mike Leake and traveled an estimated 442 feet for the longest shot by a St. Louis player at Busch Stadium this season . The Cardinals went ahead to stay in the seventh	True
Mattingly finally obliged , even getting booed by Los Angeles Dodgers fans when he made a mound visit to Greinke late in the game against the Chicago Cubs on Monday night . Greinke got the first two outs of the ninth	True
Greinke ( 13 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 8 2/3 innings . He tied his season high with nine strikeouts and walked two while improving to 5 - 0 this month with a 1.23 ERA in five starts . The right-hander has won 10 of 11 decisions , going 10 - 1 with a 2.14 ERA in 13 starts since June 22 . He did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the eighth	True
He did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the eighth . Greinke helped himself offensively , too , with a two - out hit in the fourth	True
Greinke helped himself offensively , too , with a two - out hit in the fourth that scored the Dodgers ' first run . After giving up a single to Starlin Castro to open the game , Greinke retired the next 13 batters before Murphy singled in the fifth	True
After giving up a single to Starlin Castro to open the game , Greinke retired the next 13 batters before Murphy singled in the fifth . Greinke issued consecutive one - out walks to Murphy and Welington Castillo in the eighth	True
After giving up a single to Starlin Castro to open the game , Greinke retired the next 13 batters before Murphy singled in the fifth . Greinke issued consecutive one - out walks to Murphy and Welington Castillo in the eighth before Darwin Barney grounded into a fielder 's choice to third	False
After giving up a single to Starlin Castro to open the game , Greinke retired the next 13 batters before Murphy singled in the fifth . Greinke issued consecutive one - out walks to Murphy and Welington Castillo in the eighth before Darwin Barney grounded into a fielder 's choice to third . Murphy advanced to third	False
After giving up a single to Starlin Castro to open the game , Greinke retired the next 13 batters before Murphy singled in the fifth . Greinke issued consecutive one - out walks to Murphy and Welington Castillo in the eighth before Darwin Barney grounded into a fielder 's choice to third . Murphy advanced to third , and Castillo was out at second	False
Greinke issued consecutive one - out walks to Murphy and Welington Castillo in the eighth before Darwin Barney grounded into a fielder 's choice to third . Murphy advanced to third , and Castillo was out at second . The Dodgers thought they had completed the double play , but second baseman Mark Ellis ' throw did n't beat Barney to first	False
The Dodgers thought they had completed the double play , but second baseman Mark Ellis ' throw did n't beat Barney to first , leading Mattingly to shout , `` Out ! '' from the dugout . Greinke then got pinch hitter Dioner Navarro to ground out to third	False
Jake Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings , struck out three , and walked five in his first road start for the Cubs since being acquired July 2 from Baltimore . Puig hit his 13th homer on his first pitch from Michael Bowden with two outs in the eighth	True
Puig hit his 13th homer on his first pitch from Michael Bowden with two outs in the eighth . The Cuban defector finished a triple shy of the cycle for his 31st multihit game in 74 career games . Ramirez homered off Carlos Villanueva with one out in the seventh	True
Ramirez homered off Carlos Villanueva with one out in the seventh , extending the Dodgers ' lead to 5 - 0 . Los Angeles had tacked on a pair of runs in the sixth	True
Los Angeles had tacked on a pair of runs in the sixth on Nick Punto 's RBI double and Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly that made it 4 - 0 . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Curtis Granderson drove in Soriano with a sacrifice fly in the 11th inning and the Yankees avoided a three - game sweep by defeating the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Sunday . Soriano started the winning rally with a one - out double off Jamey Wright ( 2 - 2 ) . He stole third	False
Yankees manager Joe Girardi gave Soriano the green light to steal . Soriano stumbled on his way to third	False
Boone Logan ( 4 - 2 ) got two outs for the win . Pinch hitter Alex Rodriguez opened the 10th	True
Boone Logan ( 4 - 2 ) got two outs for the win . Pinch hitter Alex Rodriguez opened the 10th with a single to center off Wright and went to second	False
Boone Logan ( 4 - 2 ) got two outs for the win . Pinch hitter Alex Rodriguez opened the 10th with a single to center off Wright and went to second on Brett Gardner 's sacrifice . Rodriguez then was doubled off second	False
Longoria and Cano went back and forth for much of the game before Granderson delivered his key sacrifice fly . Longoria put the Rays up 1 - 0 with an RBI single in the first	True
Longoria put the Rays up 1 - 0 with an RBI single in the first . Yankees starter Ivan Nova avoided further damage by getting an inning-ending double play from James Loney with the bases loaded . Cano then hit an opposite-field homer to left in the fourth	True
Longoria put the Rays up 1 - 0 with an RBI single in the first . Yankees starter Ivan Nova avoided further damage by getting an inning-ending double play from James Loney with the bases loaded . Cano then hit an opposite-field homer to left in the fourth and a tiebreaking RBI double against Alex Cobb in the sixth	True
Coco Crisp had a say in the matter , too . Crisp hit a tiebreaking homer off Darren O'Day leading off the ninth	True
Crisp hit a tiebreaking homer off Darren O'Day leading off the ninth , providing Oakland with a 2 - 1 victory Saturday and handing Parker his eighth straight win . Parker ( 10 - 6 ) gave up one run , five hits and three walks to improve to 8 - 0 in 16 starts since May 22 . The right-hander threw 117 pitches and worked out of jams in the sixth	True
Maybe it was . Crisp thought he 'd received ball four earlier in the at-bat . He ended up trotting around the bases rather than jogging to first base . Oakland manager Bob Melvin had no intention of sending Parker back out in the ninth	True
So did Tillman , who allowed one run , three hits and two walks but remained winless since Aug. 2 . His nine strikeouts tied a career high , set earlier this month in San Francisco . Kurt Suzuki doubled and scored a run in his first game back with Oakland after being traded from Washington on Friday . The victory broke a three - game skid for the A 's , who improved to 16 - 17 since the All-Star break and solidified their hold on the second	False
Parker retired the first seven batters he faced before Flaherty hit his first home run since Aug. 2 . Six of his eight homers have been solo shots . Oakland did n't get its first hit until Jed Lowrie singled with one out in the fourth	True
Oakland did n't get its first hit until Jed Lowrie singled with one out in the fourth . Tillman did n't allow another baserunner until Suzuki doubled to left with one out in the sixth	True
Tillman did n't allow another baserunner until Suzuki doubled to left with one out in the sixth . He advanced on a groundout and scored on double by Lowrie . Manny Machado began the Baltimore sixth	True
Manny Machado began the Baltimore sixth with his major league-leading 44th double . With two outs and runners at the corners , Nick Markakis hit an opposite-field fly to left that was caught on the warning track . The Orioles got runners at first	False
Manny Machado began the Baltimore sixth with his major league-leading 44th double . With two outs and runners at the corners , Nick Markakis hit an opposite-field fly to left that was caught on the warning track . The Orioles got runners at first and third	False
Manny Machado began the Baltimore sixth with his major league-leading 44th double . With two outs and runners at the corners , Nick Markakis hit an opposite-field fly to left that was caught on the warning track . The Orioles got runners at first and third with two outs in the eighth	True
Garrett Jones and Jordy Mercer homered , Jose Tabata hit a three - run double , and the NL Central-leading Pirates beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 5 on Thursday night . Pedro Alvarez hit a go-ahead , two - run double to start a seven - run fifth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit a go-ahead , two - run double to start a seven - run fifth and matched his career high for RBIs in a season with 85 . Russell Martin and Gaby Sanchez added sacrifice flies and Tabata doubled in his second plate appearance of the inning . Marco Scutaro had a tying two - run single in the fourth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit a go-ahead , two - run double to start a seven - run fifth and matched his career high for RBIs in a season with 85 . Russell Martin and Gaby Sanchez added sacrifice flies and Tabata doubled in his second plate appearance of the inning . Marco Scutaro had a tying two - run single in the fourth for San Francisco after scoring in the third	True
Giants right-hander Matt Cain departed after getting hit on his pitching arm on a line drive by Sanchez . X-rays on Cain 's bruised forearm were negative . Jones ' 12th homer leading off the second	True
Giants right-hander Matt Cain departed after getting hit on his pitching arm on a line drive by Sanchez . X-rays on Cain 's bruised forearm were negative . Jones ' 12th homer leading off the second was a splash-hit drive into McCovey Cove beyond the right-field wall . It was the 28th at AT & T Park by an opponent and second	False
Jones ' 12th homer leading off the second was a splash-hit drive into McCovey Cove beyond the right-field wall . It was the 28th at AT & T Park by an opponent and second by a Pirates player . Adam LaRoche hit one on Aug. 11 , 2007 , against Tim Lincecum . Cain was hit when Sanchez led off the fourth	True
On a day the Giants lost outfielder Andres Torres perhaps for the season to a strained left Achilles tendon , the defending World Series champs were dealt another blow with the early exit for Cain . San Francisco was outscored 21 - 4 in a losing three - game series against the Red Sox -- including 12 - 1 in Wednesday 's finale . It was n't much better in the opener of a four - game series with the Pirates . Brandon Crawford added a two - run double in the eighth	True
It was n't much better in the opener of a four - game series with the Pirates . Brandon Crawford added a two - run double in the eighth for San Francisco . Third baseman Pablo Sandoval returned to the Giants ' lineup after missing two games with a sore back . He grounded into a double play in the second	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre just keeps chugging along for the Texas Rangers . He 's making it look oh so easy , too . Beltre doubled and scored in the second inning , and then hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Beltre 's 26th homer came against rookie right-hander Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 1 ) and lifted Texas into a 3 - 2 lead . It was his 160th hit , one behind Miguel Cabrera for the major league lead . Beltre is hitting .434 ( 33 of 76 ) over his last 21 games , raising his season average 19 points to .326 , third	False
Beltre is hitting .434 ( 33 of 76 ) over his last 21 games , raising his season average 19 points to .326 , third in the American League . After a leadoff double in the second	True
Beltre is hitting .434 ( 33 of 76 ) over his last 21 games , raising his season average 19 points to .326 , third in the American League . After a leadoff double in the second , Beltre went to third	False
Neal Cotts ( 5 - 2 ) struck out the first three batters he faced over 1 1/3 innings and was credited with the win . The lefty was the second reliever after Travis Blackley pitched four innings against his former team a week after being traded to Texas . Joe Nathan struck out the side in the ninth	True
Cosart allowed three runs over six innings , raising his ERA from 1.15 to 1.60 . It was the first time in his seven major league starts that he yielded more than two runs . Texas was down 2 - 1 when Kinsler drew a one - out walk in the sixth	True
The 30-year-old Australian , who made 42 relief appearances for Houston , allowed three hits and two runs . The Rangers expected for him to throw around 65 pitches , and he threw 66 , 42 for strikes . Chris Carter walked and scored on Dominguez 's 17th homer in the second	True
Chris Carter walked and scored on Dominguez 's 17th homer in the second . There were 11 pitches in the first	True
Astros manager Bo Porter quickly came out to unsuccessfully argue with umpire Lance Barksdale that Profar 's throw pulled first baseman Mitch Moreland off the bag . Under the expansion of video review planned for next season , it was the kind of challenge Porter may have won . Max Stassi , called up from Double-A Corpus Christi earlier Tuesday , made his major league debut as the designated hitter and got a single in the fifth	True
Astros manager Bo Porter quickly came out to unsuccessfully argue with umpire Lance Barksdale that Profar 's throw pulled first baseman Mitch Moreland off the bag . Under the expansion of video review planned for next season , it was the kind of challenge Porter may have won . Max Stassi , called up from Double-A Corpus Christi earlier Tuesday , made his major league debut as the designated hitter and got a single in the fifth . He also will remember what happened after the first	True
Most of the damage in the third inning came against Colorado rookie Chad Bettis ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed seven hits , four walks and eight runs in 2 2/3 innings . Baltimore 's third inning began with a double by Chris Davis and an infield hit by Jones . Nick Markakis followed with an RBI single , and one out later Colorado brought the infield in with runners on second	False
Most of the damage in the third inning came against Colorado rookie Chad Bettis ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed seven hits , four walks and eight runs in 2 2/3 innings . Baltimore 's third inning began with a double by Chris Davis and an infield hit by Jones . Nick Markakis followed with an RBI single , and one out later Colorado brought the infield in with runners on second and third	False
Baltimore 's third inning began with a double by Chris Davis and an infield hit by Jones . Nick Markakis followed with an RBI single , and one out later Colorado brought the infield in with runners on second and third . Steve Pearce hit a grounder that got past Tulowitzki , allowing Jones to score . Following the second	True
Adam Ottavino replaced Bettis and walked Davis before Jones delivered an RBI single for a seven - run cushion . Dexter Fowler hit RBI singles in the fourth	True
In the bottom half , McLouth drew a leadoff walk , advanced on a single by Machado and came home on a fly ball by Davis . Although the Orioles left the bases loaded in the second	True
In the bottom half , McLouth drew a leadoff walk , advanced on a single by Machado and came home on a fly ball by Davis . Although the Orioles left the bases loaded in the second , they made up for it in the third	True
Ruggiano snapped a franchise-worst 0 - for - 42 slump by hitting that ball for a single in the first inning Wednesday , and then added two more hits and drove in a run as the Miami Marlins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 to wrap up a winning three - game series . Ruggiano drove in the Marlins ' first run , but they still trailed 2 - 1 when Koyie Hill doubled off reliever Tim Collins ( 2 - 6 ) to start the seventh	True
Ruggiano snapped a franchise-worst 0 - for - 42 slump by hitting that ball for a single in the first inning Wednesday , and then added two more hits and drove in a run as the Miami Marlins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 to wrap up a winning three - game series . Ruggiano drove in the Marlins ' first run , but they still trailed 2 - 1 when Koyie Hill doubled off reliever Tim Collins ( 2 - 6 ) to start the seventh . Christian Yelich then hit a grounder toward third	False
Ruggiano snapped a franchise-worst 0 - for - 42 slump by hitting that ball for a single in the first inning Wednesday , and then added two more hits and drove in a run as the Miami Marlins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 to wrap up a winning three - game series . Ruggiano drove in the Marlins ' first run , but they still trailed 2 - 1 when Koyie Hill doubled off reliever Tim Collins ( 2 - 6 ) to start the seventh . Christian Yelich then hit a grounder toward third that utility man Elliot Johnson let through his legs to put runners on second	False
Ruggiano snapped a franchise-worst 0 - for - 42 slump by hitting that ball for a single in the first inning Wednesday , and then added two more hits and drove in a run as the Miami Marlins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 2 to wrap up a winning three - game series . Ruggiano drove in the Marlins ' first run , but they still trailed 2 - 1 when Koyie Hill doubled off reliever Tim Collins ( 2 - 6 ) to start the seventh . Christian Yelich then hit a grounder toward third that utility man Elliot Johnson let through his legs to put runners on second and third	False
Donovan Solano and Logan Morrison followed with RBI groundouts to give the Marlins the lead . That was enough for the Marlins bullpen . Dan Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) got through the sixth	True
Donovan Solano and Logan Morrison followed with RBI groundouts to give the Marlins the lead . That was enough for the Marlins bullpen . Dan Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) got through the sixth , A. J. Ramos worked the seventh	True
Donovan Solano and Logan Morrison followed with RBI groundouts to give the Marlins the lead . That was enough for the Marlins bullpen . Dan Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) got through the sixth , A. J. Ramos worked the seventh and eighth	True
Donovan Solano and Logan Morrison followed with RBI groundouts to give the Marlins the lead . That was enough for the Marlins bullpen . Dan Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) got through the sixth , A. J. Ramos worked the seventh and eighth , and Steve Cishek handled the ninth	True
That was enough for the Marlins bullpen . Dan Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) got through the sixth , A. J. Ramos worked the seventh and eighth , and Steve Cishek handled the ninth for his 26th save . Cishek struck out Alex Gordon with runners on first	False
That was enough for the Marlins bullpen . Dan Jennings ( 2 - 3 ) got through the sixth , A. J. Ramos worked the seventh and eighth , and Steve Cishek handled the ninth for his 26th save . Cishek struck out Alex Gordon with runners on first and second	False
The Royals , blanked 1 - 0 in 10 innings Tuesday night , got off to a good start when Eric Hosmer doubled in the first inning and eventually scored on a single by Salvador Perez . The Royals failed to take advantage of the erratic Jacob Turner , though . The Marlins starter walked six without a strikeout in five - plus innings , but Kansas City could only squeeze out one more run against him on a groundout by David Lough in the fourth	True
The Royals failed to take advantage of the erratic Jacob Turner , though . The Marlins starter walked six without a strikeout in five - plus innings , but Kansas City could only squeeze out one more run against him on a groundout by David Lough in the fourth . The Marlins got their first run when Ruggiano drove in Adeiney Hechavarria in the top half of the fourth	True
For his part , Johnson refused to make any excuses . Solano and Morrison tacked on run-scoring singles off Luke Hochevar in the ninth	True
With Minnesota down 5 - 1 in the sixth inning , Joe Mauer scored from first base on a single by Justin Morneau that skipped under the glove of center fielder Michael Bourn for an error and rolled all the way to the warning track . McAllister fanned Josh Willingham and Oswaldo Arcia to end the inning and strand Mauer at third	False
Mauer scoring on Bourn 's error was the first time Minnesota scored without a home run since Aug. 7 . The Indians led 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Rayburn then lined a home run into the left-center field bleachers , a much-needed blast for a team that got shut out on Monday night by rookie Andrew Albers making his second major-league start . McAllister 's strong start was a boost for an Indians team that entered Tuesday in third place instead of second	False
McAllister 's strong start was a boost for an Indians team that entered Tuesday in third place instead of second in the AL Central for the first time since June 17 . After McAllister exited , Cody Allen and Joe Smith each pitched a perfect inning . Chris Perez allowed a two - out double to Arcia in the ninth	True
Wilson ( 12 - 6 ) recorded his eighth win in his last 11 decisions . The left-hander has n't lost since July 5 . Ubaldo Jimenez ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three runs in 6 1/3 innings for the reeling Indians , who committed a season-high four errors and trail Detroit by eight games in the American League Central . Cleveland began its seven - game homestand three games out of first	False
Sacrifice flies by J. B. Shuck and Kole Calhoun broke a 1-all tie in a rally that was aided by Jimenez 's throwing error . After Chris Iannetta drew a leadoff walk , Grant Green bunted to the left of the mound . Instead of letting third baseman Mike Aviles make the play , Jimenez fielded the ball and uncorked a wild heave that was several feet over the head of first baseman Nick Swisher . The ball landed on the track well beyond the bag and bounced into the stands , allowing the runners to take second	False
Sacrifice flies by J. B. Shuck and Kole Calhoun broke a 1-all tie in a rally that was aided by Jimenez 's throwing error . After Chris Iannetta drew a leadoff walk , Grant Green bunted to the left of the mound . Instead of letting third baseman Mike Aviles make the play , Jimenez fielded the ball and uncorked a wild heave that was several feet over the head of first baseman Nick Swisher . The ball landed on the track well beyond the bag and bounced into the stands , allowing the runners to take second and third	False
After Chris Iannetta drew a leadoff walk , Grant Green bunted to the left of the mound . Instead of letting third baseman Mike Aviles make the play , Jimenez fielded the ball and uncorked a wild heave that was several feet over the head of first baseman Nick Swisher . The ball landed on the track well beyond the bag and bounced into the stands , allowing the runners to take second and third . Schuck 's fly ball scored Iannetta and moved Green to third	False
Schuck 's fly ball scored Iannetta and moved Green to third before Calhoun 's fly made it 3 - 1 . Michael Bourn 's RBI single in the sixth cut the lead to one , but the Indians ' defense imploded in the eighth	True
Shuck hit a sacrifice fly for his second RBI of the game , while Chris Nelson drove in a run with a single . Erick Aybar added an RBI fielder 's choice and another run scored on Kipnis ' wild throw home . Trout was 0 for 4 with three strikeouts and had an RBI fielder 's choice in the third	True
Trout was 0 for 4 with three strikeouts and had an RBI fielder 's choice in the third . Wilson dodged trouble often enough before finally being chased in the sixth	True
Trout was 0 for 4 with three strikeouts and had an RBI fielder 's choice in the third . Wilson dodged trouble often enough before finally being chased in the sixth . Singles by Yan Gomes and Drew Stubbs put runners at first	False
Trout was 0 for 4 with three strikeouts and had an RBI fielder 's choice in the third . Wilson dodged trouble often enough before finally being chased in the sixth . Singles by Yan Gomes and Drew Stubbs put runners at first and second	False
Trout was 0 for 4 with three strikeouts and had an RBI fielder 's choice in the third . Wilson dodged trouble often enough before finally being chased in the sixth . Singles by Yan Gomes and Drew Stubbs put runners at first and second with one out . Bourn 's single scored Gomes , moved Stubbs to third	False
Wilson is 3 - 1 with a 1.95 ERA in five outings against Cleveland since 2010 . He 's also held opponents to two homers over his last 12 outings . Stubbs ' infield hit scored a run for the Indians in the second	True
Stubbs ' infield hit scored a run for the Indians in the second . Trout hit into a fielder 's choice with the bases loaded in the third	True
Trout hit into a fielder 's choice with the bases loaded in the third , tying the game . Iannetta reached base four times on a single and three walks . Ernesto Frieri , who has been removed from the closer 's role , pitched the ninth	True
The Braves fell one victory shy of tying the 2000 team for the franchise 's longest winning streak since the 1891 Boston Beaneaters won 18 straight . Hechavarria led off the Miami ninth	True
Hechavarria led off the Miami ninth with a triple and scored on the wild pitch by Walden ( 4 - 2 ) . Marlins starter Nate Eovaldi allowed one hit in seven innings . Mike Dunn ( 3 - 3 ) got the win and Steve Cishek earned his 24th save , striking out Paul Janish with a runner on first	False
Cishek posted his 19th straight save . He got Justin Upton to line out and Freddie Freeman to ground out before Gattis singled . Janish took a called third strike . Chad Qualls recorded one out in the Atlanta eighth	True
Eovaldi allowed a first-inning single by Freeman and retired his final 14 batters . He walked three and struck out eight . Braves rookie starter Alex Wood had retired 12 straight batters before Jeff Mathis singled with two outs in the fifth	True
Eovaldi received no run support for his fifth straight start . The Marlins have n't scored while Eovaldi has been in a game since his 8 - 3 victory over Washington on July 12 . He has a 1.04 ERA in his last four starts . Braves third baseman Chris Johnson , who leads the NL with a .338 batting average , was ejected by plate umpire Jim Joyce to end the first	True
Eovaldi received no run support for his fifth straight start . The Marlins have n't scored while Eovaldi has been in a game since his 8 - 3 victory over Washington on July 12 . He has a 1.04 ERA in his last four starts . Braves third baseman Chris Johnson , who leads the NL with a .338 batting average , was ejected by plate umpire Jim Joyce to end the first after taking three pitches -- all fastballs -- for strikes with runners on first	False
Eovaldi received no run support for his fifth straight start . The Marlins have n't scored while Eovaldi has been in a game since his 8 - 3 victory over Washington on July 12 . He has a 1.04 ERA in his last four starts . Braves third baseman Chris Johnson , who leads the NL with a .338 batting average , was ejected by plate umpire Jim Joyce to end the first after taking three pitches -- all fastballs -- for strikes with runners on first and second	False
Johnson yelled at Joyce and threw his bat and helmet before walking to the dugout . After a 54-minute rain delay , Janish replaced Johnson . Johnson was upset with himself for not being in the batter 's box with two out in the ninth	True
Colorado came out aggressive with a young lineup Thursday , but fizzled quickly . Gee gave up consecutive singles to start the game . Colorado let him off the hook , though , when D. J. LeMahieu was tagged out trying to advance on Dickerson 's flyball to right fielder Marlon Byrd . With a runner on third base , Michael Cuddyer grounded out to second	False
Gee gave up consecutive singles to start the game . Colorado let him off the hook , though , when D. J. LeMahieu was tagged out trying to advance on Dickerson 's flyball to right fielder Marlon Byrd . With a runner on third base , Michael Cuddyer grounded out to second . Dickerson led off the fourth	True
The rest was easy for Gee . He was pulled to a nice ovation in the eighth	True
He was pulled to a nice ovation in the eighth after yielding a single to LeMahieu . Scott Rice relieved and walked pinch-hitter Troy Tulowitzki . David Aardsma then got Cuddyer to fly out to left field . Filling in for injured closer Bobby Parnell , LaTroy Hawkins was perfect in the ninth	True
Manship arrived in New York from Colorado Springs about 5:30 a.m. and was on a big league mound for the first time in a year 7 hours later . Making his first major league start since May 1 , 2010 , for Minnesota , he appeared to tire in the fourth	True
Making his first major league start since May 1 , 2010 , for Minnesota , he appeared to tire in the fourth , when the Mets went ahead 2 - 1 . Daniel Murphy and Byrd singled to start it off and Ike Davis walked to load the bases with none out . Flores flung his bat at a low and outside pitch , sending a slow roller to shortstop . Jonathan Herrera charged and made a quick throw across his body to just nab Flores at first	False
Colon ( 14 - 4 ) was knocked out in the third inning in his shortest outing of the season . The All-Star right-hander , who was pitching on six days ' rest but weakened by a stomach virus , had made 15 consecutive starts of at least six innings and three or fewer earned runs . Miller 's first run-scoring double gave Cincinnati a 2 - 1 lead in the second inning . The Reds added three more in the third	True
Homer Bailey ( 7 - 10 ) won his second straight start despite allowing nine hits and five runs in 5 1/3 innings . Bailey left with a runner on third	False
Homer Bailey ( 7 - 10 ) won his second straight start despite allowing nine hits and five runs in 5 1/3 innings . Bailey left with a runner on third , but Manny Parra wriggled out of the jam . Parra , Sam LeCure and J. J. Hoover combined for 2 2/3 innings of two - hit ball before Aroldis Chapman tossed a perfect ninth	True
Bailey left with a runner on third , but Manny Parra wriggled out of the jam . Parra , Sam LeCure and J. J. Hoover combined for 2 2/3 innings of two - hit ball before Aroldis Chapman tossed a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 opportunities . Josh Donaldson and Eric Sogard had two hits and two RBIs apiece for Oakland , which finished with 11 hits . Donaldson hit a solo drive in the second	True
Josh Donaldson and Eric Sogard had two hits and two RBIs apiece for Oakland , which finished with 11 hits . Donaldson hit a solo drive in the second for his 17th homer . Stephen Vogt singled in a run in the fourth	True
Josh Donaldson and Eric Sogard had two hits and two RBIs apiece for Oakland , which finished with 11 hits . Donaldson hit a solo drive in the second for his 17th homer . Stephen Vogt singled in a run in the fourth for the A 's , but Bruce made a perfect throw to cut down Alberto Callaspo trying to score from second	False
Callaspo left with a left forearm contusion . The Reds originally reported that Miller had a right quad contusion , but he said after the game he banged knees with Callaspo . He still caught one more inning . Oakland also had Sogard retired in a rundown off third	False
Callaspo left with a left forearm contusion . The Reds originally reported that Miller had a right quad contusion , but he said after the game he banged knees with Callaspo . He still caught one more inning . Oakland also had Sogard retired in a rundown off third in the sixth	True
Oakland also had Sogard retired in a rundown off third in the sixth . Bruce jumped on the first pitch he saw in the third	True
Bruce jumped on the first pitch he saw in the third , sending a long drive into the netting above the visitor 's bullpen down the right-field line . The one - out shot came with Votto aboard after a leadoff single . It was Bruce 's team-leading 24th homer . He also is second	False
He has struggled at times this season , but has now found his old form . Verlander gave up an RBI groundout in the second	True
He has struggled at times this season , but has now found his old form . Verlander gave up an RBI groundout in the second , but otherwise handled the Indians with ease . When Cleveland threatened in the sixth	True
Masterson had one bad inning , and it cost him . Kelly 's three - run shot highlighted Detroit 's five - run fifth	True
Kelly 's three - run shot highlighted Detroit 's five - run fifth off the right-hander , who hurt himself by hitting two batters during the inning . First , he plunked No . 9 hitter Ramon Santiago , who had squared to bunt before getting drilled . Austin Jackson followed with a single and Torii Hunter 's RBI groundout brought in Santiago to tie it 1-all . Cabrera , who missed three games with a hip injury , then sent a drive off the center field wall for a go-ahead RBI double , arriving at second	False
First , he plunked No . 9 hitter Ramon Santiago , who had squared to bunt before getting drilled . Austin Jackson followed with a single and Torii Hunter 's RBI groundout brought in Santiago to tie it 1-all . Cabrera , who missed three games with a hip injury , then sent a drive off the center field wall for a go-ahead RBI double , arriving at second with a slow-motion slide . One out later , Masterson hit Victor Martinez on the right foot . Detroit 's DH hopped around in obvious pain and Cabrera even left third base to check on his teammate , who limped to first	False
There is no timetable on Kluber 's injury , but Indians starter Zach McAllister recently missed seven weeks with a similar ailment . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Verlander , who despite his gaudy numbers against most teams , came in just 16 - 14 in his career against Cleveland . Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a double and Michael Brantley followed with a single . Cabrera got caught in a rundown between third	False
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Verlander , who despite his gaudy numbers against most teams , came in just 16 - 14 in his career against Cleveland . Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a double and Michael Brantley followed with a single . Cabrera got caught in a rundown between third and home for the first	True
Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a double and Michael Brantley followed with a single . Cabrera got caught in a rundown between third and home for the first out , but Ryan Raburn came through with an RBI groundout against his former teammates . Masterson pitched himself into and out of trouble in the second	True
Masterson pitched himself into and out of trouble in the second . He walked Prince Fielder and Martinez to open the inning and then gave up a single to Kelly . However , the right-hander buckled down and struck out Alex Avila and Jose Iglesias before getting Santiago to bounce into a force at second	False
The Reds had dropped seven of nine and were coming off what players called an embarrassing weekend against St. Louis -- losses of 13 - 3 and 15 - 2 . They found an American League team struggling even more . The West-leading Athletics have lost five of six , getting shut out twice during that span . It was nearly three shutouts- Derek Norris hit a two - out homer in the ninth	True
Latos ( 11 - 3 ) allowed four hits through 7 1/3 shutout innings , leaving him 3 - 0 in his last four starts . Chapman got his 26th save in 30 chances . Bruce hit his 23rd homer off Dan Straily ( 6 - 6 ) , who has lost his last four starts . The right fielder also went a long way to run down Josh Reddick 's fly ball to the warning track in the fourth	True
Heading into the interleague series , the A 's were batting .218 in their last 20 games , getting blanked four times . They were coming off a 4 - 0 loss to Texas on Sunday . Manager Bob Melvin said his players knew all about Great American 's propensity to help hitters , and hoped it would provide some encouragement . Did n't work out that way . The A 's stranded runners in scoring position in the first	True
Heading into the interleague series , the A 's were batting .218 in their last 20 games , getting blanked four times . They were coming off a 4 - 0 loss to Texas on Sunday . Manager Bob Melvin said his players knew all about Great American 's propensity to help hitters , and hoped it would provide some encouragement . Did n't work out that way . The A 's stranded runners in scoring position in the first , third	True
Heading into the interleague series , the A 's were batting .218 in their last 20 games , getting blanked four times . They were coming off a 4 - 0 loss to Texas on Sunday . Manager Bob Melvin said his players knew all about Great American 's propensity to help hitters , and hoped it would provide some encouragement . Did n't work out that way . The A 's stranded runners in scoring position in the first , third , fifth	True
`` You go through these periods , yet you try to minimize them so they do n't go on too long . '' Coco Crisp tripled over first base with one out in the third	True
`` You go through these periods , yet you try to minimize them so they do n't go on too long . '' Coco Crisp tripled over first base with one out in the third but failed to score as the next two batters popped out . Their best chance came in the fifth	True
Cincinnati did n't get much offense , either , but this time it was enough . Bruce led off the second inning with a drive to left . Phillips singled home another run in the fourth	True
Bruce led off the second inning with a drive to left . Phillips singled home another run in the fourth , which was Straily 's final inning . He threw 75 pitches while failing to last five innings for the third start in a row and seventh time in 18 starts overall this season . Shin-Soo Choo led off the fifth	True
Bruce led off the second inning with a drive to left . Phillips singled home another run in the fourth , which was Straily 's final inning . He threw 75 pitches while failing to last five innings for the third start in a row and seventh time in 18 starts overall this season . Shin-Soo Choo led off the fifth with a double off Jerry Blevins and came around when the left-hander fielded Derrick Robinson 's bunt and threw wildly to first	False
The Royals beat the New York Mets 6 - 2 on a sun-splashed Sunday , winning for the 11th time in 12 games and finishing a franchise-best 8 - 1 road trip . Ervin Santana scattered five hits and allowed one run in six innings , and Kansas City was helped by a pair of flyballs that Mets right fielder Marlon Byrd lost in the glare . Both came during a three - run fifth	True
Wheeler was n't nearly as sharp as in his previous start Tuesday at Miami when he carried a no-hitter into the seventh inning , but the rookie right-hander was hurt by the defense behind him and behind the plate by catcher John Buck . Wheeler fell behind 1 - 0 in the fourth inning on Moustakas ' 10th homer , and the Royals batted around in the fifth	True
The trouble started right away when David Lough lofted a fly ball that Byrd got under but could n't catch as he battled the sun . Lough did n't run hard out of the box , yet still made it to second base with a double . Miguel Tejada bunted him to third	False
The trouble started right away when David Lough lofted a fly ball that Byrd got under but could n't catch as he battled the sun . Lough did n't run hard out of the box , yet still made it to second base with a double . Miguel Tejada bunted him to third , but Lough was forced to leave the game because of right quadriceps tightness . With Eric Hosmer batting , pinch-runner Jarrod Dyson scored on the first	False
Miguel Tejada bunted him to third , but Lough was forced to leave the game because of right quadriceps tightness . With Eric Hosmer batting , pinch-runner Jarrod Dyson scored on the first of Wheeler 's two wild pitches in the inning to make it 2 - 0 . Hosmer walked , and Gordon lofted a fly to deep right field that Byrd tracked to the fence . He again struggled with the sun , and the ball hit his mitt and fell to the ground , sending Gordon to second	False
The Mets got one run back in the bottom half on Young 's RBI single . However , Byrd 's tough day continued when he struck out with the bases loaded . Kansas City tacked on two runs in the sixth	True
Santana was left in to take his at-bat in the seventh inning in a sacrifice situation . Santana 's bunt found a hole between the mound and first base , giving him his fourth major league hit in 25 career at-bats . He had n't had a hit since 2011 . Buck , awaiting the imminent birth of his son , had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Gaby Sanchez had two hits and two RBIs for Pittsburgh , while Jordy Mercer and Andrew McCutchen added two hits each . Fill-in closer Mark Melancon pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 10 - 6 ) pitched four - plus innings and gave up three runs on six hits while striking out three and walking two . The outing came a day after Rockies owner Dick Monfort said Colorado would exercise De La Rosa 's $ 11 million club option for 2014 . The Pirates scored one run each in the third	True
The Pirates scored one run each in the third through seventh innings to take a 5 - 0 lead . In the third	True
The Pirates scored one run each in the third through seventh innings to take a 5 - 0 lead . In the third , Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second	False
The Pirates scored one run each in the third through seventh innings to take a 5 - 0 lead . In the third , Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second , took third	False
The Pirates scored one run each in the third through seventh innings to take a 5 - 0 lead . In the third , Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second , took third on Jordy Mercer 's groundout and scored on McCutchen 's double . Tabata led off the fourth	True
The Pirates scored one run each in the third through seventh innings to take a 5 - 0 lead . In the third , Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second , took third on Jordy Mercer 's groundout and scored on McCutchen 's double . Tabata led off the fourth by homering over the 375 sign in right-center for his third	False
In the third , Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second , took third on Jordy Mercer 's groundout and scored on McCutchen 's double . Tabata led off the fourth by homering over the 375 sign in right-center for his third of the season . Sanchez hit run-scoring singles in both the fifth	True
In the third , Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second , took third on Jordy Mercer 's groundout and scored on McCutchen 's double . Tabata led off the fourth by homering over the 375 sign in right-center for his third of the season . Sanchez hit run-scoring singles in both the fifth and seventh innings , while Tabata led off the sixth	True
Sanchez hit run-scoring singles in both the fifth and seventh innings , while Tabata led off the sixth with a triple and scored on Josh Harrison 's squeeze bunt . Colorado finally scored a pair in the eighth	True
The Cardinals have won eight of nine and 17 of 22 . Carpenter finished with a league-leading 199 hits . He struck out in the seventh	True
The milestone was important to manager Mike Matheny , who said Carpenter 's failure was the lone damper on the afternoon . Carpenter also finished first	False
Randy Choate , Carlos Martinez and Kevin Siegrist contributed to the five - man , five - hit shutout . The Cardinals scored twice in the fourth	True
Samardzija gave up three runs on eight hits in six innings . Jay , who drove in a run with a single in the third	True
Samardzija gave up three runs on eight hits in six innings . Jay , who drove in a run with a single in the third , extended his hitting streak to a career-high 14 games with a single in the first	True
Nicasio ( 9 - 9 ) allowed three hits over 5 1/3 innings and struck out seven while winning for the first time since Aug. 26 against San Francisco . The last time the 27-year-old right-hander faced the Dodgers on July 12 in Los Angeles , he outpitched Clayton Kershaw with seven scoreless innings for the victory . Adam Ottavino followed Josh Outman out of the bullpen in the sixth	True
It was only the fifth shutout win for the Rockies . Greinke ( 15 - 4 ) allowed a run and four hits through six innings . The right-hander struck out seven and did not allow a walk in his 300th major league game . Troy Tulowitzki doubled with one out in the fourth	True
With Andre Ethier 's status for the playoffs in doubt because of shin splints , three other high-profile Dodger outfielders also were missing from the lineup . Center fielder Matt Kemp was a late scratch because of left ankle soreness , and Carl Crawford was rested by manager Don Mattingly . Rookie Yasiel Puig , who fouled a pitch hard off his left shin and left Friday 's game after five innings , pinch-hit in the seventh	True
Leonys Martin hit a three - run double , Ian Kinsler homered and the Rangers beat the Houston Astros 7 - 3 on Wednesday night , a victory they needed just to keep pace while chasing in the AL wild-card race . The Astros lost their 12th	False
Rookie left-hander Martin Perez ( 10 - 5 ) struck out eight over seven innings . The bases-loaded double by Martin was the big blow for the Rangers when they had seven consecutive batters reach with two outs in the fourth	True
Alex Rios added an RBI single before Adrian Beltre 's hard liner ended the inning . Kinsler 's 13th homer , a solo shot in the sixth	True
Ten of the first 11 outs by Texas came on groundballs against Keuchel , one of the majors ' best with a 2 1/2-to-1 ratio of groundballs to flyballs . In the Rangers third	True
Ten of the first 11 outs by Texas came on groundballs against Keuchel , one of the majors ' best with a 2 1/2-to-1 ratio of groundballs to flyballs . In the Rangers third , Craig Gentry reached on a throwing error by shortstop Jonathan Villar . After a stolen base and a wild pitch , Gentry scored when Andrus hit what could have been an inning-ending double play grounder . But the ball slipped out of second baseman Jose Altuve 's hand when he tried to make the relay throw to first	False
In the Rangers third , Craig Gentry reached on a throwing error by shortstop Jonathan Villar . After a stolen base and a wild pitch , Gentry scored when Andrus hit what could have been an inning-ending double play grounder . But the ball slipped out of second baseman Jose Altuve 's hand when he tried to make the relay throw to first . Altuve , whose 39 hits in September are most in the majors , opened the Astros fourth	True
Altuve , whose 39 hits in September are most in the majors , opened the Astros fourth with a double off the left-field wall and scored on a single by Chris Carter . Brandon Laird 's two - run homer made it 3 - 1 . Keuchel got the first two outs of the fourth	True
Oakland , which had n't lost back-to-back games since Aug. 20 - 23 , lost four of six over the past two weeks to the Angels . Oakland usually has trouble with Weaver , who was 7 - 1 with an 0.84 ERA in his previous 10 starts against the A 's . His personal string of 29 2/3 consecutive scoreless innings against the A 's ended in the sixth	True
Oakland usually has trouble with Weaver , who was 7 - 1 with an 0.84 ERA in his previous 10 starts against the A 's . His personal string of 29 2/3 consecutive scoreless innings against the A 's ended in the sixth with Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly , but Weaver finished strong before Dane De La Rosa and Ernesto Frieri -- who got his 37th save -- finished off Oakland . Straily struck out five , could n't quite match Weaver despite another strong start . Los Angeles scored two unearned runs in the fifth	True
Mike Trout was n't in the Angels ' lineup for their home finale . The star outfielder is in a 9 - for - 52 slump over the past 15 games , seriously endangering his chances of picking up the final 13 hits necessary to reach 200 on the season . Aybar , who got a rare day off Tuesday , singled and scored the game 's first run in the fourth inning on Hamilton 's grounder . Los Angeles added two in the fifth	True
Aybar , who got a rare day off Tuesday , singled and scored the game 's first run in the fourth inning on Hamilton 's grounder . Los Angeles added two in the fifth with a lengthy one - hit rally that included Chris Iannetta getting thrown out at the plate before Aybar and Hamilton singled in runs . Hamilton , the disappointing $ 125 million outfielder , had two hits to boost his average to a season-high .248 . He also stole a base , just his fourth	False
Aybar , who got a rare day off Tuesday , singled and scored the game 's first run in the fourth inning on Hamilton 's grounder . Los Angeles added two in the fifth with a lengthy one - hit rally that included Chris Iannetta getting thrown out at the plate before Aybar and Hamilton singled in runs . Hamilton , the disappointing $ 125 million outfielder , had two hits to boost his average to a season-high .248 . He also stole a base , just his fourth of the season , in the eighth	True
Hamilton , the disappointing $ 125 million outfielder , had two hits to boost his average to a season-high .248 . He also stole a base , just his fourth of the season , in the eighth . Weaver allowed just two hits in the first five innings , and had retired nine straight before Crisp singled to lead off the sixth	True
Adrian Beltre got two hits and drove in a run for Texas . Garza ( 10 - 6 ) was 0 - 3 with an 8.22 ERA in his first three September starts . He pitched four - hit ball before giving up Eric Hosmer 's leadoff home run in the ninth	True
Guthrie gave up a triple to Ian Kinsler to lead off the game . Kinsler scored on Elvis Andrus ' groundout . In the third	True
Beltre bounced an RBI single up the middle and Pierzynski had a sacrifice fly . The Royals had only one batter get past second base before Hosmer 's homer . Jarrod Dyson tripled with two out in the fifth	True
Maddon said a decision on who will pitch Sunday has not been made . Ben Zobrist drove in the tying run in the seventh	True
From the eighth inning on , the Orioles had just two hits . The Rays had six . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with two outs in the 15th	True
From the eighth inning on , the Orioles had just two hits . The Rays had six . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with two outs in the 15th , but failed to score when Tim Beckham was retired on a hard grounder to second	False
Tampa Bay loaded the bases with two outs in the 15th , but failed to score when Tim Beckham was retired on a hard grounder to second . The Rays grabbed a 2 - 0 advantage in the first	True
The Rays grabbed a 2 - 0 advantage in the first . Zobrist had an RBI double and later scored when first baseman Chris Davis was charged with an error for misplaying Matt Joyce 's grounder . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 during the second	True
The Rays grabbed a 2 - 0 advantage in the first . Zobrist had an RBI double and later scored when first baseman Chris Davis was charged with an error for misplaying Matt Joyce 's grounder . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 during the second when slow-footed catcher Jose Molina doubled , went to third	False
Forsythe 's single to right scored pinch-runner Andrew Cashner to tie the game and Rivera 's blooper brought home Chris Denorfia as the Padres dealt Pittsburgh 's NL Central title hopes another blow as the Pirates fell two games behind first-place St. Louis , which beat Colorado 4 - 3 . Dale Thayer ( 3 - 5 ) picked up the win in relief . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
Melancon ( 2 - 2 ) , who inherited the closer 's role when All-Star Jason Grilli went out with a forearm injury in July , blew his third save of the season . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Pirates the lead but Pittsburgh fell to 74 - 3 when leading after eight when Melancon faltered . Melancon has been nearly automatic since taking over for Grilli before running into trouble in the ninth	True
Jedd Gyorko led off with a single before Melancon settled down to retire the next two batters . Denorfia singled to put runners on the corners and Forsythe and Rivera followed with well-placed , if not exactly well-struck , hits to right field as San Diego improved to 11 - 4 in its last 15 games . The rally spoiled McCutchen 's latest heroics . Pittsburgh was handcuffed by San Diego starter Tyson Ross for 6 1/3 innings when Neil Walker reached on a wild pitch with one out in the seventh	True
The Pirates lit up Ross for five runs in 6 1/3 innings in San Diego a month ago but came in having scored just two runs in the first two games of the series , losses that dropped Pittsburgh behind the Cardinals as they pursue their first division title in 21 years . Justin Morneau singled leading off the second	True
Justin Morneau singled leading off the second before being erased on a double play . Ross spent the next 90 minutes toying with the Pirates . Pittsburgh only managed to get three balls to the outfield through six innings . Ross retired Starling Marte to start the seventh	True
The Braves lead the NL East by 10 games over Washington . Atlanta opens a three - game series at Nationals Park on Monday night , and can clinch the division by winning twice there . Smith ( 1 - 1 ) held the Braves hitless until pitcher Julio Teheran singled to lead off the sixth	True
Smith allowed three hits and walked two . The rookie made his fifth career start -- he had a 12.41 ERA in his previous starts . He struck out seven of the first 13 Atlanta batters and credited catcher Nick Hundley with calling a good game . Teheran ( 12 - 8 ) gave up seven hits , four runs , no walks and struck out six in 6 2/3 innings . Manager Fredi Gonzalez pulled him with two outs in the seventh	True
Jedd Gyorko 's RBI single and Headley 's 13th homer in the sixth gave the Padres a 3 - 0 lead . Medica , who homered off Philadelphia 's Cliff Lee last Wednesday for his first career hit , led off the seventh	True
Even though the slider he threw to Headley landed in the right-field seats , Teheran did n't regret the pitch selection . After Teheran left , reliever Scott Downs gave up a double to Will Venable that advanced Burch to third	False
After Teheran left , reliever Scott Downs gave up a double to Will Venable that advanced Burch to third . After pinch-hitter Chris Denorfia walked to load the bases , Downs struck out Gyorko to end the threat . Smith retired the first 11 batters before Freddie Freeman walked in the fourth	True
After Teheran left , reliever Scott Downs gave up a double to Will Venable that advanced Burch to third . After pinch-hitter Chris Denorfia walked to load the bases , Downs struck out Gyorko to end the threat . Smith retired the first 11 batters before Freddie Freeman walked in the fourth . Freeman moved to second	False
Smith retired the first 11 batters before Freddie Freeman walked in the fourth . Freeman moved to second when Smith made a wild pickoff throw , but Evan Gattis struck out . Padres closer Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
Padres closer Huston Street pitched the ninth . He gave up a leadoff single to Freeman before retiring the next three batters . Teheran had retired 14 straight batters before Venable singled to begin the sixth	True
Padres closer Huston Street pitched the ninth . He gave up a leadoff single to Freeman before retiring the next three batters . Teheran had retired 14 straight batters before Venable singled to begin the sixth . One out later , Venable stole second	False
Gerardo Parra doubled twice and drove in three runs , Aaron Hill had three hits and three RBIs , and Miguel Montero had three hits and scored twice on his bobblehead night , helping Miley get his first win since Aug. 6 . Miley limited Colorado to two runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings , aiding his cause with a run-scoring double in the sixth	True
Gerardo Parra doubled twice and drove in three runs , Aaron Hill had three hits and three RBIs , and Miguel Montero had three hits and scored twice on his bobblehead night , helping Miley get his first win since Aug. 6 . Miley limited Colorado to two runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings , aiding his cause with a run-scoring double in the sixth . The Rockies got consecutive one - out hits from Wilin Rosario , Todd Helton and Nolan Arenado to cut Arizona 's lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
Parra 's one - out double to center field in the second inning drove in Montero and Matt Davidson to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Arizona had runners at first	False
Parra 's one - out double to center field in the second inning drove in Montero and Matt Davidson to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Arizona had runners at first and second	False
Parra 's one - out double to center field in the second inning drove in Montero and Matt Davidson to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Arizona had runners at first and second in the fourth	True
Arizona had runners at first and second in the fourth , but Parra lined back to Oswalt , who doubled off Montero at second base . Oswalt kept his team in the game but left after issuing a walk to Goldschmidt in the fifth	True
Oswalt kept his team in the game but left after issuing a walk to Goldschmidt in the fifth . He complained to home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez after the walk , apparently unhappy with not getting a call on a previous pitch . Rob Scahill came on in relief and got the last out of the inning , retiring Prado on a popup . However , the Diamondbacks scored twice off Scahill in the sixth	True
Oswalt kept his team in the game but left after issuing a walk to Goldschmidt in the fifth . He complained to home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez after the walk , apparently unhappy with not getting a call on a previous pitch . Rob Scahill came on in relief and got the last out of the inning , retiring Prado on a popup . However , the Diamondbacks scored twice off Scahill in the sixth and twice off Mitchell Boggs in the seventh	False
Carp is 5 for 17 with two homers and nine RBIs as a pinch hitter this year . Boston has seven pinch-hit homers overall on the season . Dustin Pedroia opened the 10th	True
Carp is 5 for 17 with two homers and nine RBIs as a pinch hitter this year . Boston has seven pinch-hit homers overall on the season . Dustin Pedroia opened the 10th with a walk against Joel Peralta ( 2 - 7 ) and went to second	False
Dustin Pedroia opened the 10th with a walk against Joel Peralta ( 2 - 7 ) and went to second on Shane Victorino 's bunt . After Ortiz was intentionally walked , Hernandez replaced Peralta and walked Mike Napoli on four pitches before Carp went deep for his ninth homer . Boston closer Koji Uehara ( 4 - 0 ) struck out two during a perfect ninth	True
James Loney homered for the Rays , who have has lost 13 of 17 . Tampa Bay 's lead for the second AL wild-card spot was trimmed to one game over the New York Yankees , who won 5 - 4 at Baltimore . The Rays trailed 3 - 1 before Evan Longoria doubled in a run in the seventh	True
James Loney homered for the Rays , who have has lost 13 of 17 . Tampa Bay 's lead for the second AL wild-card spot was trimmed to one game over the New York Yankees , who won 5 - 4 at Baltimore . The Rays trailed 3 - 1 before Evan Longoria doubled in a run in the seventh and Loney hit a tying solo shot off Brandon Workman in the eighth	True
The Rays trailed 3 - 1 before Evan Longoria doubled in a run in the seventh and Loney hit a tying solo shot off Brandon Workman in the eighth . Napoli had a two - run double and Daniel Nava hit an RBI grounder off Alex Cobb to put the Red Sox up 3 - 0 in the third	True
Napoli had a two - run double and Daniel Nava hit an RBI grounder off Alex Cobb to put the Red Sox up 3 - 0 in the third . Napoli has driven in 11 runs over his last seven games . The Rays got one run back in the third	True
The Rays got one run back in the third on David DeJesus ' RBI double . Red Sox shortstop Stephen Drew made a strong defensive play later in the inning with two outs and the bases loaded when he drove to his right to field Desmond Jennings ' grounder and then throw out Matt Joyce at second base . Dempster , who gave up one run , four hits and five walks in five innings , struck out Jennings to leave the bases loaded in the fifth	True
Cobb allowed three runs and seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay just missed turning a triple play in the sixth	True
Cobb allowed three runs and seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay just missed turning a triple play in the sixth . With runners on first	False
Cobb allowed three runs and seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay just missed turning a triple play in the sixth . With runners on first and second	False
Cobb allowed three runs and seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay just missed turning a triple play in the sixth . With runners on first and second , Longoria leaped to grab Will Middlebrooks ' high-hopper near the line and then landed on the third-base bag . Longoria threw out Drew at second	False
Cobb allowed three runs and seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . Tampa Bay just missed turning a triple play in the sixth . With runners on first and second , Longoria leaped to grab Will Middlebrooks ' high-hopper near the line and then landed on the third-base bag . Longoria threw out Drew at second , but Middlebrooks just beat the ensuing throw to first	False
Once it became official that Jeter was lost , the team lamented his bad luck and got back to the business of earning another playoff berth . New York tailed 4 - 1 on Tuesday before rallying to win . In this one , Baltimore led 3 - 1 before Granderson homered in the fifth -- New York 's first hit -- and Rodriguez tied it in the sixth	True
New York tailed 4 - 1 on Tuesday before rallying to win . In this one , Baltimore led 3 - 1 before Granderson homered in the fifth -- New York 's first hit -- and Rodriguez tied it in the sixth with his 653rd career home run . In the ninth	True
In the ninth , after Cano connected off Tommy Hunter ( 4 - 4 ) , Granderson tripled with one out and scored on an infield hit by Lyle Overbay . David Robertson ( 5 - 1 ) worked the eighth	True
Orioles slugger Chris Davis drove in two runs with a double , making him the first player in team history to have 40 doubles and 40 homers in a season . Danny Valencia tied a career high with four hits , and Roberts had three singles . Baltimore outhit New York 13 - 6 , but lost a valuable chance to close in on Tampa Bay for the second	False
Pettitte has pitched at least six innings in each of his last six starts and is 3 - 0 in seven outings since Aug. 5 . Baltimore 's Scott Feldman allowed only three hits in 7 2/3 innings , two of them homers . The right-hander struck out six and walked two . His first walk came against the first batter of the game and the second	True
Baltimore 's Scott Feldman allowed only three hits in 7 2/3 innings , two of them homers . The right-hander struck out six and walked two . His first walk came against the first batter of the game and the second was to the last batter he faced . New York got a first-inning run when leadoff hitter Brett Gardner walked , stole second	False
New York got a first-inning run when leadoff hitter Brett Gardner walked , stole second and scored on two groundouts . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Roberts and Manny Machado singled with two outs before Davis lined a two - run double through the shift into right-field . Doubles by Valencia and J. J. Hardy made it 3 - 1 in the fourth	False
Giants right-hander Yusmeiro Petit struck out seven in 5 2/3 innings in his first start since he almost threw a perfect game against Arizona before settling for a one - hitter . He gave up three runs and six hits with two walks . Petit retired his first 11 batters before walking Corey Dickerson in the fourth	True
Giants right-hander Yusmeiro Petit struck out seven in 5 2/3 innings in his first start since he almost threw a perfect game against Arizona before settling for a one - hitter . He gave up three runs and six hits with two walks . Petit retired his first 11 batters before walking Corey Dickerson in the fourth . Dickerson raced over to third	False
Petit retired his first 11 batters before walking Corey Dickerson in the fourth . Dickerson raced over to third on Cuddyer 's base hit and scored on Arenado 's single , tying it at 1 . Colorado added two more in the sixth	False
Rockies starter Juan Nicasio was in line for the win before San Francisco rallied . He held the Giants to one run and five hits in five innings . The Giants left the bases loaded twice , once with two outs in the second	True
Rockies starter Juan Nicasio was in line for the win before San Francisco rallied . He held the Giants to one run and five hits in five innings . The Giants left the bases loaded twice , once with two outs in the second and once with one out in the fifth	True
The Giants left the bases loaded twice , once with two outs in the second and once with one out in the fifth . San Francisco pulled within one in the seventh	True
Saunders allowed seven hits and a walk in three innings . He has lost six of his last eight decisions . Villar walked , stole two bases and scored during Houston 's four - run third	True
The Indians , who won despite having only five hits , moved a half-game closer to idle Tampa Bay , 1 1/2 games back for the second wild-card spot . The Royals dropped to four games behind the Rays . Ubaldo Jimenez struck out 10 in seven innings and Asdrubal Cabrera , Yan Gomes and Carlos Santana each hit solo homers , as Cleveland built a 4 - 1 lead . It appeared as if the Indians were safe but Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The Indians , who won despite having only five hits , moved a half-game closer to idle Tampa Bay , 1 1/2 games back for the second wild-card spot . The Royals dropped to four games behind the Rays . Ubaldo Jimenez struck out 10 in seven innings and Asdrubal Cabrera , Yan Gomes and Carlos Santana each hit solo homers , as Cleveland built a 4 - 1 lead . It appeared as if the Indians were safe but Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Cody Allen and Perez needed 27 pitches to get through the ninth	True
Francona has stressed to his players to take their season one game at a time and not worry about the previous day or the following one . With 19 games remaining and the Indians in the middle of the chase for the postseason , they have obviously listened . A crowd of only 9,794 attended the game , despite the matchup of two contenders . Several hundred dogs were also in attendance with a `` Puppypalooza '' promotion . The Indians were 14th	False
A crowd of only 9,794 attended the game , despite the matchup of two contenders . Several hundred dogs were also in attendance with a `` Puppypalooza '' promotion . The Indians were 14th in the league in attendance entering Monday , but Francona was diplomatic when asked about the small crowds . Salvador Perez led off the ninth	True
A crowd of only 9,794 attended the game , despite the matchup of two contenders . Several hundred dogs were also in attendance with a `` Puppypalooza '' promotion . The Indians were 14th in the league in attendance entering Monday , but Francona was diplomatic when asked about the small crowds . Salvador Perez led off the ninth with a single and Mike Moustakas walked on four pitches . Pinch-hitter David Lough 's sacrifice moved the runners to second	False
A crowd of only 9,794 attended the game , despite the matchup of two contenders . Several hundred dogs were also in attendance with a `` Puppypalooza '' promotion . The Indians were 14th in the league in attendance entering Monday , but Francona was diplomatic when asked about the small crowds . Salvador Perez led off the ninth with a single and Mike Moustakas walked on four pitches . Pinch-hitter David Lough 's sacrifice moved the runners to second and third	False
Gordon flied out to center fielder Michael Bourn and Chris Perez recorded his 23rd save . Royals starter Ervin Santana ( 8 - 9 ) made three mistakes , but they cost him the game . Cabrera homered in the second	True
Gordon flied out to center fielder Michael Bourn and Chris Perez recorded his 23rd save . Royals starter Ervin Santana ( 8 - 9 ) made three mistakes , but they cost him the game . Cabrera homered in the second and Gomes hit his in the fifth	True
Gordon flied out to center fielder Michael Bourn and Chris Perez recorded his 23rd save . Royals starter Ervin Santana ( 8 - 9 ) made three mistakes , but they cost him the game . Cabrera homered in the second and Gomes hit his in the fifth . Santana led off the seventh	True
The Indians also got a boost from rookie infielder Jose Ramirez , who got his first major league hit and used his speed to score a run in his first start since being called up from Double-A Akron on Sept. 1 . Francona said before the game he started Ramirez because he thought the rookie could do something to help the team score . Ramirez made his manager look good in the third	True
The Indians also got a boost from rookie infielder Jose Ramirez , who got his first major league hit and used his speed to score a run in his first start since being called up from Double-A Akron on Sept. 1 . Francona said before the game he started Ramirez because he thought the rookie could do something to help the team score . Ramirez made his manager look good in the third when he started the inning with a single , moved to third	False
Francona said before the game he started Ramirez because he thought the rookie could do something to help the team score . Ramirez made his manager look good in the third when he started the inning with a single , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Hosmer 's throwing error . Ramirez 's throwing error led to Kansas City 's run in the sixth	True
Francona said before the game he started Ramirez because he thought the rookie could do something to help the team score . Ramirez made his manager look good in the third when he started the inning with a single , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Hosmer 's throwing error . Ramirez 's throwing error led to Kansas City 's run in the sixth and he was picked off first	False
Francona said before the game he started Ramirez because he thought the rookie could do something to help the team score . Ramirez made his manager look good in the third when he started the inning with a single , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Hosmer 's throwing error . Ramirez 's throwing error led to Kansas City 's run in the sixth and he was picked off first in the eighth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Another gem by Phillies starter Cole Hamels was nearly wasted again . Darin Ruf hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Hamels ( 7 - 13 ) made just two mistakes Sunday -- two long homers off the bat of Evan Gattis -- and they nearly cost him the win . Gattis ' first home run , in the second inning , traveled 480 feet to center field . In the seventh	True
B. J. Rosenberg earned his first career save with a perfect ninth inning . David Carpenter ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss for allowing Ruf 's homer in the eighth	True
Braves starter Paul Maholm went six innings and allowed two runs on seven hits , three walks and a hit batter . He struck out five and stranded seven Phillies baserunners . Two baserunning blunders by Cesar Hernandez may have cost the Phillies extra runs . He was picked off in the first inning and thrown out by Joey Terdoslavich attempting to go first	False
Braves starter Paul Maholm went six innings and allowed two runs on seven hits , three walks and a hit batter . He struck out five and stranded seven Phillies baserunners . Two baserunning blunders by Cesar Hernandez may have cost the Phillies extra runs . He was picked off in the first inning and thrown out by Joey Terdoslavich attempting to go first to third	False
Two baserunning blunders by Cesar Hernandez may have cost the Phillies extra runs . He was picked off in the first inning and thrown out by Joey Terdoslavich attempting to go first to third in the fifth inning . Philadelphia squandered a chance for more runs in the sixth	True
Walker , who became the youngest Mariners starting pitcher ( 21 years , 17 days ) to pick up a victory in his major league debut on Friday at Houston , struck out two in the first inning , his fastball touching 97 mph . The 6-foot-5 Walker , who was a basketball star in high school with a 21-point average , did not allow a hit over the first three innings , but yielded four runs , four hits , a walk and a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
The 6-foot-5 Walker , who was a basketball star in high school with a 21-point average , did not allow a hit over the first three innings , but yielded four runs , four hits , a walk and a sacrifice fly in the fourth to tie the score . Manager Eric Wedge opted to send Walker out for the fifth	True
Walker threw 79 pitches . Lucas Luetge ( 1 - 2 ) worked two perfect innings to earn the victory . Danny Farquhar worked a perfect ninth	True
Crow had Gutierrez down in the count 1 - 2 before walking him . Jarrod Dyson 's two - out , two - run single made it 4 - 4 in the fourth	True
Gutierrez 's single in the third scored Nick Franklin , who had doubled . Brad Miller 's sacrifice fly scored Mike Zunino with the first run . The Mariners made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
The Mariners made it 4 - 0 in the third . Franklin laced an RBI-single to center , while Dustin Ackley scored on a wild pitch by Wade Davis . Santana failed to make it through the fourth	True
Against the Blue Jays , Arizona rallied from a three - run deficit after shaky first inning by Randall Delgado . Diamondbacks pitchers faced the minimum from then until the 10th inning , when Will Harris ( 3 - 0 ) worked around a baserunner to keep the game tied in Arizona 's franchise record-tying 21st extra-inning game . Eric Chavez got the final rally started by blooping a single off Luis Perez ( 0 - 1 ) and pinch-runner Adam Eaton moved to third	False
Koehler led off the fifth inning with a single and scored on Yelich 's double . Giancarlo Stanton followed with an RBI single and Jackson could n't get help from shortstop Starlin Castro , who committed his 17th error of the season after mishandling Justin Ruggiano 's routine grounder . Yelich scored on the play to give the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Bogusevic got a run back for the Cubs in the fifth	True
Bogusevic got a run back for the Cubs in the fifth with his third homer of the season . Koehler loaded the bases with one out and was pulled for Dan Jennings , who allowed a sacrifice fly to Anthony Rizzo . Miami broke it open with a three - run eighth	True
Miami broke it open with a three - run eighth . Solano hit a two - run double off reliever Blaker Parker and Yelich followed with an RBI single . In the third inning , Koehler took a liner by Castro off his right shin knocking him to the ground . The ball ricocheted to third baseman Chris Coghlan , who was able to throw out Castro at first	False
Miami broke it open with a three - run eighth . Solano hit a two - run double off reliever Blaker Parker and Yelich followed with an RBI single . In the third inning , Koehler took a liner by Castro off his right shin knocking him to the ground . The ball ricocheted to third baseman Chris Coghlan , who was able to throw out Castro at first . After a few warm-up tosses , Koehler stayed in the game . With runners on first	False
Miami broke it open with a three - run eighth . Solano hit a two - run double off reliever Blaker Parker and Yelich followed with an RBI single . In the third inning , Koehler took a liner by Castro off his right shin knocking him to the ground . The ball ricocheted to third baseman Chris Coghlan , who was able to throw out Castro at first . After a few warm-up tosses , Koehler stayed in the game . With runners on first and third	False
Miami broke it open with a three - run eighth . Solano hit a two - run double off reliever Blaker Parker and Yelich followed with an RBI single . In the third inning , Koehler took a liner by Castro off his right shin knocking him to the ground . The ball ricocheted to third baseman Chris Coghlan , who was able to throw out Castro at first . After a few warm-up tosses , Koehler stayed in the game . With runners on first and third and two outs , Coghlan made a diving stop on Rizzo 's ball and threw to second	False
Cardinals catcher Yadier Molina came out of the game in the fifth inning because of a sore left wrist . He was activated off the 15-day disabled list on Aug. 15 after missing 14 games with a sore right knee . The Reds quickly got to Wainwright . Choo opened the first	True
The Reds quickly got to Wainwright . Choo opened the first with a single and scored on Ludwick 's two - out single . Ludwick missed more than three months with torn cartilage in his right shoulder , but the left fielder is starting to get his swing back in shape . Ludwick has driven in a run in each of his last four games . Zack Cozart singled home a run in the second	True
Mariners manager Eric Wedge said trainer Rick Griffin told him he did not think it was serious . Five of Smith 's strikeouts took only three pitches . Kyle Seager , who had three of the Mariners ' seven hits , doubled off Smith with two out in the seventh	True
Five of Smith 's strikeouts took only three pitches . Kyle Seager , who had three of the Mariners ' seven hits , doubled off Smith with two out in the seventh , but it was a fly ball that center fielder Jarrod Dyson lost in the sun . Greg Holland pitched a one - hit ninth	True
Greg Holland pitched a one - hit ninth for his 37th save in 39 opportunities . The Royals scored two runs in the fifth	True
Greg Holland pitched a one - hit ninth for his 37th save in 39 opportunities . The Royals scored two runs in the fifth to open a 3 - 1 lead . Dyson led off with an infield single and advanced to third	False
The Royals scored two runs in the fifth to open a 3 - 1 lead . Dyson led off with an infield single and advanced to third on Alcides Escobar 's hit-and-run single to right . Dyson scored on a wild pitch , and Escobar came home Emilio Bonifacio 's sacrifice fly . Hernandez ( 12 - 9 ) , who has a 7.84 ERA in his losing streak , struck out Mike Moustakas in the sixth	True
Duffy , who had elbow surgery last year , departed after 3 2/3 innings and 91 pitches . He was charged with one run and five hits with four walks and four strikeouts . Seattle got its run when Brad Miller drove in Abraham Almonte with a two - out triple in the fourth	True
The Royals tied it on consecutive singles by Eric Hosmer , Billy Butler and Moustakas in the bottom half . Duffy threw 68 pitches in the first three innings and stranded six runners . He struck out Kendrys Morales and Justin Smoak swinging to end the first	True
Duffy threw 68 pitches in the first three innings and stranded six runners . He struck out Kendrys Morales and Justin Smoak swinging to end the first with two runners on . Michael Saunders led off the second	True
That all changed in a hurry . Hardy and Adam Jones hit three - run homers during a seven - run burst in the seventh	True
Four Baltimore relievers combined for five shutout innings . Brett Gardner doubled twice and drew a bases-loaded walk for the Yankees . But Robinson Cano and Derek Jeter each struck out three times and Alfonso Soriano was thrown out at first	False
Pettitte has beaten Baltimore 29 times in the regular season and playoffs , and seemed to be cruising through six innings . He had walked none , worked around five singles and was n't in trouble . But Morse and Danny Valencia opened the seventh	True
Pettitte has beaten Baltimore 29 times in the regular season and playoffs , and seemed to be cruising through six innings . He had walked none , worked around five singles and was n't in trouble . But Morse and Danny Valencia opened the seventh with sharp singles , and Yankees manager Joe Girardi made the first	False
Jones connected for his 28th homer . Soriano hit an RBI single in the third	True
Jones connected for his 28th homer . Soriano hit an RBI single in the third . The Yankees scored two more in the fourth	True
Detroit , which is 44 - 27 at home , rested Miguel Cabrera for a second straight game because of a strained abdomen . Leyland said he does n't know when the banged-up star will be back in the lineup . Joe Smith ( 6 - 2 ) got the win after giving up one hit and a walk in the eighth	True
That helped Cleveland avoid an 0 - 6 road trip . Detroit tried to rally in the ninth	True
Detroit tried to rally in the ninth , but a tough break on the bases proved costly . Chris Perez gave up a one - out double to Infante , who was hit by Alex Avila 's liner for the second	False
Chris Perez gave up a one - out double to Infante , who was hit by Alex Avila 's liner for the second out . The right-hander let No . 9 hitter Ramon Santiago extend the inning with a single , and a passed ball put the runners in scoring position before Andy Dirks grounded out to end the game . Joaquin Benoit ( 4 - 1 ) walked Carlos Santana and Michael Brantley to start the top of the ninth	True
Detroit 's Justin Verlander extended his winless streak to five outings , but held a team scoreless for the first time since a seven - inning start on July 14 against Texas . Verlander gave up four hits and two walks -- both in his shaky first inning -- and struck out six , the last of which was Kubel on a 99 mph fastball with a runner on third	False
Detroit 's Justin Verlander extended his winless streak to five outings , but held a team scoreless for the first time since a seven - inning start on July 14 against Texas . Verlander gave up four hits and two walks -- both in his shaky first inning -- and struck out six , the last of which was Kubel on a 99 mph fastball with a runner on third for the second	True
Detroit 's Justin Verlander extended his winless streak to five outings , but held a team scoreless for the first time since a seven - inning start on July 14 against Texas . Verlander gave up four hits and two walks -- both in his shaky first inning -- and struck out six , the last of which was Kubel on a 99 mph fastball with a runner on third for the second out of the seventh	True
Lester blanked the Cardinals on five hits over 7 2/3 innings and struck out eight for his third win this postseason . Ryan Dempster gave up Matt Holliday 's leadoff home run in the ninth	True
The umpires made a mistake , too , but at least they got to fix it in a hurry . After the control-conscious Wainwright walked leadoff man Jacoby Ellsbury in the first inning , Dustin Pedroia singled him to second	False
Farrell argued with every umpire he could and must have made a persuasive case . As the fans hollered louder and louder as they studied TV replays , all the umpires gathered on the dirt near shortstop and conferred . They decided there was no catch at all . Pedroia came bounding from the dugout , and suddenly , the bases were loaded in the first	True
Napoli , with maybe the bushiest beard of all , certainly picked up where he left off the last time he saw the Cardinals in October . In the 2011 Series , he hit .350 with two home runs and 10 RBIs as Texas lost in seven games to St. Louis . The Red Sox added to their 3 - 0 lead with two more runs in the second	True
Beltran hurt himself on the play and left in the third inning . Ortiz homered in the seventh	True
Beltran hurt himself on the play and left in the third inning . Ortiz homered in the seventh , and the Red Sox got another run in the eighth	False
Ortiz homered in the seventh , and the Red Sox got another run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by 21-year-old rookie Xander Bogaerts . The Red Sox almost made a terrific play to finish the game . With two outs in the ninth	True
By ending Pittsburgh 's storybook season , the Cardinals improved to 8 - 1 when facing postseason elimination the past three years . They also won Game 5 of the NL Division Series in Washington last year -- even though Wainwright got rocked -- and at Philadelphia in 2011 . Freese homered in the second inning off rookie Gerrit Cole , and Adams connected in the eighth	True
Freese homered in the second inning off rookie Gerrit Cole , and Adams connected in the eighth against reliever Mark Melancon to make it 5 - 1 . Pete Kozma added an RBI infield single , and Wainwright finished it off by striking out Pedro Alvarez with two on . Alvarez became the first major league player with an RBI in his first six postseason games on a fluke hit that caromed off first base in the seventh	True
The 23-year-old Cole beat the Cardinals with an impressive effort in Game 2 . They got to him early this time even though his fastball hit 100 mph in the first inning against Matt Holliday . Freese made the kid pay for a full-count walk to Jon Jay with two outs in the second	True
Freese made the kid pay for a full-count walk to Jon Jay with two outs in the second , lining a 1 - 2 pitch into the visitors ' bullpen in left . Cole gave up just three hits over five innings , but was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the sixth	True
The Pirates scratched out their lone run on two infield hits and the single by Alvarez that looked to be a harmless inning-ending groundout before it hit the bag . Freese was a hometown hero in 2011 , both the NLCS and World Series MVP . He singlehandedly got the Cardinals to Game 7 of that World Series against Texas with a two - run triple with two outs and two strikes in the ninth	True
The Pirates scratched out their lone run on two infield hits and the single by Alvarez that looked to be a harmless inning-ending groundout before it hit the bag . Freese was a hometown hero in 2011 , both the NLCS and World Series MVP . He singlehandedly got the Cardinals to Game 7 of that World Series against Texas with a two - run triple with two outs and two strikes in the ninth and then ended Game 6 with a leadoff homer in the 11th	True
At 23 years , 31 days , Cole was the youngest NL pitcher to start Game 5 of a division series and the fifth-youngest NL pitcher to start a winner-take-all postseason game , according to STATS . Counting the postseason , Cole did n't allow a homer in six straight starts . That ended when Freese connected for a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Counting the postseason , Cole did n't allow a homer in six straight starts . That ended when Freese connected for a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Neil Walker drew a one - out walk in the first	True
Neil Walker drew a one - out walk in the first from Wainwright , who issued just 35 free passes during the regular season and none in Game 1 . Walker went no further . After a leadoff single by Marlon Byrd in the second	True
Neil Walker drew a one - out walk in the first from Wainwright , who issued just 35 free passes during the regular season and none in Game 1 . Walker went no further . After a leadoff single by Marlon Byrd in the second , Matt Carpenter was perfectly positioned at second base to snare Alvarez 's liner and flip to first	False
Beltran 's three - run homer sparked a seven - run third inning Thursday and the Cardinals got seven stingy innings from Wainwright to open their NL division series with a 9 - 1 rout of the Pirates . The first eight Cardinals reached safely in the third	True
After a record 20 straight losing seasons , the Pirates are back in the playoffs for the first time since 1992 . They entered their first best-of-five division series with plenty of momentum after beating Cincinnati in the wild-card game Tuesday , but Pittsburgh never threatened to rally against Wainwright and finished with only four hits . Pittsburgh also was sloppy in the field , committing three errors . St. Louis was sharp on defense , with reliever Carlos Martinez turning in the top play by slinging an off-balance throw to first	False
After a record 20 straight losing seasons , the Pirates are back in the playoffs for the first time since 1992 . They entered their first best-of-five division series with plenty of momentum after beating Cincinnati in the wild-card game Tuesday , but Pittsburgh never threatened to rally against Wainwright and finished with only four hits . Pittsburgh also was sloppy in the field , committing three errors . St. Louis was sharp on defense , with reliever Carlos Martinez turning in the top play by slinging an off-balance throw to first to nip Russell Martin in the eighth	True
`` What a play ! '' Matheny mouthed in the dugout . Third baseman David Freese prevented extra bases in the third	True
Wainwright remained unbeaten in the postseason , going to 3 - 0 with a 2.27 ERA in 14 games , five of them starts . He allowed a run on three hits in seven innings , striking out nine without a walk . The only damage came on a homer by Pedro Alvarez to start the fifth	True
Alejandro De Aza hit two homers and Jose Abreu had two hits in his major league debut to back Chris Sale and lead the White Sox to a 5 - 3 season-opening victory over the Minnesota Twins on Monday . Last year was a 99-loss nightmare , a collapse after they finished second	False
This year , they insist , will be better . They are off to a good start , even if they beat a team that is trying to stop a losing cycle . Sale got the win , pitching five - hit ball into the eighth	True
Abreu doubled on the first pitch he saw leading off the second inning against Ricky Nolasco and scored on De Aza 's two - run homer to give Chicago a 2 - 0 lead . He also drove in the go-ahead run with a single during a two - run third	True
Abreu 's family is expected to join him at some point this season . He would n't say where his mom is , other than `` somewhere close , but we ca n't really comment on that . '' De Aza made it 5 - 2 with a solo shot just over the right-field wall in the sixth inning for his first career multihomer game . It was also the first	False
Abreu 's family is expected to join him at some point this season . He would n't say where his mom is , other than `` somewhere close , but we ca n't really comment on that . '' De Aza made it 5 - 2 with a solo shot just over the right-field wall in the sixth inning for his first career multihomer game . It was also the first for Chicago on opening day since Jim Thome at Cleveland in 2008 , and the first	False
De Aza made it 5 - 2 with a solo shot just over the right-field wall in the sixth inning for his first career multihomer game . It was also the first for Chicago on opening day since Jim Thome at Cleveland in 2008 , and the first by a White Sox player in a season opener at home since 1960 , when Minnie Minoso hit two against the Kansas City Athletics . That was enough for Sale , who allowed three runs and struck out eight and walked one . The two - time All-Star came out with a 5 - 2 lead with one out and a runner on second	False
De Aza made it 5 - 2 with a solo shot just over the right-field wall in the sixth inning for his first career multihomer game . It was also the first for Chicago on opening day since Jim Thome at Cleveland in 2008 , and the first by a White Sox player in a season opener at home since 1960 , when Minnie Minoso hit two against the Kansas City Athletics . That was enough for Sale , who allowed three runs and struck out eight and walked one . The two - time All-Star came out with a 5 - 2 lead with one out and a runner on second in the eighth	True
Ronald Belisario allowed a two - out RBI single to Suzuki before Donnie Veal retired Joe Mauer on a grounder . Matt Lindstrom came on in the ninth	True
In his previous opening-day starts , Kershaw was 2 - 0 with 19 strikeouts in 19 scoreless innings . Three relievers kept the Diamondbacks scoreless with hitless work . Chris Perez , a two - time All-Star with Cleveland before joining the Dodgers in the offseason , got the last out in the seventh	True
Three relievers kept the Diamondbacks scoreless with hitless work . Chris Perez , a two - time All-Star with Cleveland before joining the Dodgers in the offseason , got the last out in the seventh . Brian Wilson pitched the eighth	True
They feasted on baseball-style treats like nachos stuffed in batting helmets and Cracker Jack , which is not usually sold in Australia . If you could afford the cost and the calories , a 2-foot-long hot dog sold for $ 36 . Kershaw ran like he 'd eaten one of those hot dogs when he tried to stretch a one - out single in the seventh	True
They feasted on baseball-style treats like nachos stuffed in batting helmets and Cracker Jack , which is not usually sold in Australia . If you could afford the cost and the calories , a 2-foot-long hot dog sold for $ 36 . Kershaw ran like he 'd eaten one of those hot dogs when he tried to stretch a one - out single in the seventh into a double , but was easily thrown out at second	False
Van Slyke , playing because of an injury to Matt Kemp and paternity leave to Carl Crawford , nearly cleared the left-field fence in the second inning . His double set up a grounder by Andre Ethier that scored Adrian Gonzalez with the Dodgers ' first run . In his next at-bat in the fourth	True
Sydney Cricket Ground was refurbished two weeks ago to create the baseball diamond and an outfield with an 8-foot wall . It was 328 feet down the foul lines and 400 feet to straightaway center . Miley , who came out for a pinch hitter in the fifth	True
Both teams finished with five hits . The Diamondbacks scored in the sixth	True
Both teams finished with five hits . The Diamondbacks scored in the sixth after a double by Paul Goldschmidt , who had two hits . He moved to third	False
Rendon finished a triple shy of the cycle and had four hits , Jordan Zimmermann pitched smoothly into the seventh inning and the Washington Nationals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 0 Wednesday night . Rendon , who had a cheering section of roughly a couple hundred behind the Washington dugout and down the left field line , connected for a two - run double in a four - run fourth	True
Rendon finished a triple shy of the cycle and had four hits , Jordan Zimmermann pitched smoothly into the seventh inning and the Washington Nationals beat the Houston Astros 7 - 0 Wednesday night . Rendon , who had a cheering section of roughly a couple hundred behind the Washington dugout and down the left field line , connected for a two - run double in a four - run fourth and added a solo home run in the sixth	True
Rendon , who had a cheering section of roughly a couple hundred behind the Washington dugout and down the left field line , connected for a two - run double in a four - run fourth and added a solo home run in the sixth . The Houston native added a double in the first	True
Rendon , who had a cheering section of roughly a couple hundred behind the Washington dugout and down the left field line , connected for a two - run double in a four - run fourth and added a solo home run in the sixth . The Houston native added a double in the first and a single in the third	False
Rendon , who had a cheering section of roughly a couple hundred behind the Washington dugout and down the left field line , connected for a two - run double in a four - run fourth and added a solo home run in the sixth . The Houston native added a double in the first and a single in the third but flew out to left in the eighth	True
Zimmermann ( 2 - 1 ) scattered seven hits in 6 1/3 innings . He struck out seven to earn his 45th win with the Nationals , making him the winningest pitcher for the club since the Montreal Expos moved to Washington in 2005 . Denard Span and Kevin Frandsen each had two hits and Danny Espinosa also had two hits , including a solo home run in the fifth	True
Denard Span and Kevin Frandsen each had two hits and Danny Espinosa also had two hits , including a solo home run in the fifth that chased Brett Oberholtzer ( 0 - 5 ) . Span put the Nationals up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Span put the Nationals up 1 - 0 in the third with a triple to center field , and he scored on an error by George Springer . Frandsen extended the lead to 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Span put the Nationals up 1 - 0 in the third with a triple to center field , and he scored on an error by George Springer . Frandsen extended the lead to 2 - 0 in the fourth , scoring on Jesus Guzman 's error after advancing to third	False
After beginning its 10-game trip with two messy losses in Colorado , Philadelphia won six of eight to return home a game above .500 ( 13 - 12 ) . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
After beginning its 10-game trip with two messy losses in Colorado , Philadelphia won six of eight to return home a game above .500 ( 13 - 12 ) . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save and second	False
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save and second in as many games , having closed out Saturday night 's 6 - 5 victory , a game the Phillies won after trailing 5 - 0 . On Sunday , Chase Utley hit an RBI single in the first	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save and second in as many games , having closed out Saturday night 's 6 - 5 victory , a game the Phillies won after trailing 5 - 0 . On Sunday , Chase Utley hit an RBI single in the first , then doubled and scored in the sixth	True
Still , the Diamondbacks fell to 2 - 11 at Chase Field this season . Ben Revere opened the game with a single , stole second	False
Gibson said Ross got a bad break on the ball , thinking it was going deeper . McCarthy shut the Phillies down the next four innings . In the sixth	True
Gibson said Ross got a bad break on the ball , thinking it was going deeper . McCarthy shut the Phillies down the next four innings . In the sixth , Utley led off with a double and scored when shortstop Chris Owings made a nice stop on Marlon Byrd 's grounder but threw wildly to third	False
The Diamondbacks had their chances . Pollock and Owings opened the fourth	True
Pollock and Owings opened the fourth with singles , but McCarthy bunted into a force play . Prado bounced into a double play that ended the inning . In the fourth	True
Pollock and Owings opened the fourth with singles , but McCarthy bunted into a force play . Prado bounced into a double play that ended the inning . In the fourth , Burnett struck out the first two batters before hitting Miguel Montero in the left foot . Montero made it to third	False
In the fourth , Burnett struck out the first two batters before hitting Miguel Montero in the left foot . Montero made it to third on Aaron Hill 's single but first baseman Ryan Howard caught Ross ' sharp grounder to end the threat . With one out in the third	True
With one out in the third , Owings tripled over Byrd 's head . Burnett helped himself by snagging McCarthy 's sharp grounder , and Gerardo Parra flied out . Parra doubled with two outs in the eighth	True
Parra doubled with two outs in the eighth but Prado grounded out . Right after entering the game in the ninth	True
PHOENIX -- The ball bounced in the dirt and away from Carlos Ruiz , a play the Philadelphia catcher could have easily given up on . Instead , he pounced on the ball , threw to second	False
Instead , he pounced on the ball , threw to second and -- with the help of a replay and a heads-up tag by Chase Utley -- retired Martin Prado to help preserve the Phillies ' comeback victory . Pinch hitter Cody Asche hit a two - run double in Philadelphia 's four - run eighth inning and Ruiz kept Arizona from getting a runner in scoring position with his hustle play in the ninth	True
The Phillies had to rally after ace Cliff Lee allowed five runs in the first three innings . Philadelphia fought back by scoring two runs off Bronson Arroyo in the seventh	True
The Phillies had to rally after ace Cliff Lee allowed five runs in the first three innings . Philadelphia fought back by scoring two runs off Bronson Arroyo in the seventh and four more in the eighth	True
Philadelphia fought back by scoring two runs off Bronson Arroyo in the seventh and four more in the eighth against Joe Thatcher and Trevor Cahill ( 1 - 5 ) . Jeff Manship ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a hit and two walks in an inning for his first win since Sept 6 , 2010 , with Minnesota and Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth	True
Jeff Manship ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a hit and two walks in an inning for his first win since Sept 6 , 2010 , with Minnesota and Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for his seventh save -- with an assist from Ruiz and a replay . The inning started with a single by Prado , who then was called safe on the close play at second	False
Ruiz also had three of Philadelphia 's 13 hits and drove in a run . The Phillies have won five of seven . Arizona had bounced back from a difficult start to the season behind its starting pitching and got a decent outing from Bronson Arroyo , who extended the rotation 's scoreless innings streak to 18 2/3 innings by pitching into the seventh	True
Arizona had bounced back from a difficult start to the season behind its starting pitching and got a decent outing from Bronson Arroyo , who extended the rotation 's scoreless innings streak to 18 2/3 innings by pitching into the seventh . But Arroyo gave up two runs in the seventh	True
But Arroyo gave up two runs in the seventh and the bullpen could n't hold the lead after he left , leading to the Diamondbacks ' ninth loss in 10 home games . Cody Ross had three RBIs and two hits for Arizona , which had three errors , including a dropped popup by Prado at third	False
Lee 's control was n't quite the same against the Diamondbacks . Arizona scored two runs off Lee in the first	True
Lee 's control was n't quite the same against the Diamondbacks . Arizona scored two runs off Lee in the first , including an RBI single by Ross that ended a 1 - for - 22 slump since returning from the disabled list with a dislocated hip . A. J. Pollock added a run-scoring triple in the second inning and Ross made it 5 - 0 in the third	True
Washington got all the offense it needed in the first inning as singles by Anthony Rendon , Jayson Werth and Adam LaRoche produced one run . Desmond 's double to the right-field corner brought in another . Danny Espinosa 's sacrifice fly gave the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Washington increased its advantage to 4 - 0 in the sixth	True
Buehrle came in with a major league-best 0.64 ERA , but allowed 12 hits and seven runs , six earned , in 5 1/3 innings . Buehrle gave up more earned runs in Boston 's four - run second	True
Peavy ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits to win for the first time in five starts . He walked two and struck out seven . Chris Capuano struck out the side in the eighth	True
Chris Capuano struck out the side in the eighth and Andrew Miller finished for Boston . Red Sox catcher A. J. Pierzynski opened the scoring in the second	True
Red Sox catcher A. J. Pierzynski opened the scoring in the second with a sacrifice fly off Buehrle , his former Chicago White Sox batterymate . Middlebrooks followed with an RBI single , the first hit against Buehrle in 24 at-bats this season with a runner in scoring position . Dustin Pedroia capped the rally with a two - run single . Ortiz made it 5 - 0 with a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
Ortiz made it 5 - 0 with a leadoff homer in the fifth , the 50th of his career against Toronto . Ortiz has 33 career homers at Rogers Centre , the second-highest total by an opposing player . Alex Rodriguez leads with 36 . Pierzynski singled to begin the sixth	True
Ortiz made it 5 - 0 with a leadoff homer in the fifth , the 50th of his career against Toronto . Ortiz has 33 career homers at Rogers Centre , the second-highest total by an opposing player . Alex Rodriguez leads with 36 . Pierzynski singled to begin the sixth and scored on a double by Middlebrooks , who was thrown out at third	False
Peavy , meanwhile , breezed through the first five innings , allowing just two hits . Jose Bautista hit a one - out double in the fourth	True
Peavy , meanwhile , breezed through the first five innings , allowing just two hits . Jose Bautista hit a one - out double in the fourth and Edwin Encarnacion walked , but Bautista unwisely tried to steal third	False
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons made it clear he had n't called for a steal . Jose Reyes hit a one - out double in the sixth	True
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons made it clear he had n't called for a steal . Jose Reyes hit a one - out double in the sixth and went to third	False
Jose Reyes hit a one - out double in the sixth and went to third on Melky Cabrera 's single , but Peavy struck out Bautista looking , then fanned Encarnacion to escape the inning . Francisco ended Peavy 's shutout bid in the seventh	False
Jose Reyes hit a one - out double in the sixth and went to third on Melky Cabrera 's single , but Peavy struck out Bautista looking , then fanned Encarnacion to escape the inning . Francisco ended Peavy 's shutout bid in the seventh with a towering homer into the fourth deck , his first	False
Charlie Blackmon hit an RBI single in the 11th inning and the Rockies got home runs from Tulowitzki and Corey Dickerson to beat Los Angeles 5 - 4 on Friday . Carlos Gonzalez also had an RBI during the decisive rally . Adam Ottavino took over in the eighth	True
Adam Ottavino took over in the eighth for Lyles as a steady drizzle sent many in the crowd of 44,866 for cover . Ottavino retired the side in order before Boone Logan struck out his first two batters in the ninth -- including Matt Kemp , who was ejected by umpire Angel Hernandez for arguing a called third strike . It was Kemp 's seventh career ejection and the Dodgers ' first	False
It was Kemp 's seventh career ejection and the Dodgers ' first this season . The drizzle had turned into a downpour by the 10th	True
It was Kemp 's seventh career ejection and the Dodgers ' first this season . The drizzle had turned into a downpour by the 10th . Brandon Barnes pinch-hit for reliever Rex Brothers ( 2 - 2 ) with one out in the 11th	True
Puig , the second batter Lyles faced , hit the first pitch to center field for his third home run . Ten of Puig 's first 22 big league homers have come on the first pitch . Tulowitzki drove Beckett 's second pitch of the second inning deep into the left-field pavilion for his fifth	False
Lucas Duda hit a long home run and New York threw out the potential tying run at the plate to hold off the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 Wednesday on a blustery night at Citi Field . Jonathon Niese earned his first win of the season , and shortstop Ruben Tejada cut down Matt Carpenter for the second	False
Lucas Duda hit a long home run and New York threw out the potential tying run at the plate to hold off the St. Louis Cardinals 3 - 2 Wednesday on a blustery night at Citi Field . Jonathon Niese earned his first win of the season , and shortstop Ruben Tejada cut down Matt Carpenter for the second out of the ninth	True
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny challenged the call by plate umpire Marty Foster , which was confirmed following a replay review of 1 minute , 20 seconds that showed d'Arnaud nicked Carpenter with a sweep tag behind his armpit . With a runner on second	False
Curtis Granderson snapped his career-worst hitless skid at 22 at-bats with a first-inning single , and the Mets got 6 2/3 effective innings from Niese ( 1 - 2 ) with wind gusting up to 41 mph on a 51-degree night . Carlos Torres and Scott Rice escaped an eighth-inning jam before Farnsworth worked the ninth	False
Carlos Torres and Scott Rice escaped an eighth-inning jam before Farnsworth worked the ninth for his second save . He gave up consecutive singles and an RBI double to pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso that one - hopped the wall in left-center , but New York 's defense saved Farnsworth . Carpenter had four hits and Yadier Molina added three for the Cardinals , but Jhonny Peralta 's hitless streak reached 21 at-bats . Peralta popped out with runners at second	False
Carlos Torres and Scott Rice escaped an eighth-inning jam before Farnsworth worked the ninth for his second save . He gave up consecutive singles and an RBI double to pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso that one - hopped the wall in left-center , but New York 's defense saved Farnsworth . Carpenter had four hits and Yadier Molina added three for the Cardinals , but Jhonny Peralta 's hitless streak reached 21 at-bats . Peralta popped out with runners at second and third	False
Carlos Torres and Scott Rice escaped an eighth-inning jam before Farnsworth worked the ninth for his second save . He gave up consecutive singles and an RBI double to pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso that one - hopped the wall in left-center , but New York 's defense saved Farnsworth . Carpenter had four hits and Yadier Molina added three for the Cardinals , but Jhonny Peralta 's hitless streak reached 21 at-bats . Peralta popped out with runners at second and third in the eighth	True
Wacha 's red cap blew right off his head as he was waiting for a new ball and rolled , like tumbleweed , to second baseman Mark Ellis . Duda homered against Seth Maness leading off the sixth	True
Early on , it appeared the 22-year-old Wacha was headed to a record-setting performance . Last year 's NL championship series MVP overpowered the Mets with nine strikeouts in the first three innings but soon lost his control . He walked three in the fourth	True
Last year 's NL championship series MVP overpowered the Mets with nine strikeouts in the first three innings but soon lost his control . He walked three in the fourth , including No . 8 batter Tejada and Nieuwenhuis with the bases loaded , forcing in two runs . Wacha was pulled for a pinch hitter in the fifth	True
The Mets said Wacha joined Smoky Joe Wood ( 1909 ) , Felix Hernandez ( 2013 ) and Danny Salazar ( 2014 ) as the only pitchers since 1900 to have at least 10 strikeouts in an outing that lasted no more than four innings , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Molina doubled home a run with two outs in the first	True
Houston began the night with a .192 batting average , the lowest for any major league team through 19 games since the 2003 Detroit Tigers ( .180 ) , according to STATS . The Tigers went on to lose 119 games . The Astros collected nine hits on Tuesday , five of which went for extra-bases , to raise their average to .196 . Early on , though , it appeared the Astros were headed for another miserable night offensively after Hernandez allowed just a walk to the first 12 batters . Even after Dexter Fowler 's single in the fourth	True
Early on , though , it appeared the Astros were headed for another miserable night offensively after Hernandez allowed just a walk to the first 12 batters . Even after Dexter Fowler 's single in the fourth , Hernandez kept the Astros in check . Dominguez provided an offensive jolt when he broke a scoreless tie with a two - run home run over the visitor 's bullpen in left field in the fifth	True
Dominguez provided an offensive jolt when he broke a scoreless tie with a two - run home run over the visitor 's bullpen in left field in the fifth . Dominguez 's line-drive followed a single by Alex Presley , which had been just the second hit of the game for the Astros . The Mariners answered in the bottom of the fifth	False
Dominguez provided an offensive jolt when he broke a scoreless tie with a two - run home run over the visitor 's bullpen in left field in the fifth . Dominguez 's line-drive followed a single by Alex Presley , which had been just the second hit of the game for the Astros . The Mariners answered in the bottom of the fifth with a pair of runs to tie the game 2-all , but the Astros were able to retake the lead in the sixth	True
The Mariners answered in the bottom of the fifth with a pair of runs to tie the game 2-all , but the Astros were able to retake the lead in the sixth by capitalizing on a Seattle error . After Jose Altuve led off the sixth	True
Jason Castro followed with a sacrifice fly to score Altuve and give the Astros a 3 - 2 lead . Hernandez looked as if he 'd escape further damage by striking out George Springer , but Marc Krauss , Alex Presley and Dominguez hit a run-scoring single , triple and double , respectively . Marc Krauss added a solo home run in the eighth	True
Marc Krauss added a solo home run in the eighth . Dallas Keuchel ( 2 - 1 ) struck out a season-high eight and deftly navigated the Mariners for six innings , allowing six hits and a walk . Keuchel allowed just two runs , both coming in the fifth	True
It is the seventh straight loss for Seattle , which is the longest active streak in the majors . Hernandez ( 3 - 1 ) took the major league lead with 43 strikeouts after recording four , but was unable to avoid his first loss of the season after allowing four unearned runs in the pivotal sixth	True
Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings of relief . Koji Uehara struck out three after a leadoff walk for his fourth save . The benches emptied briefly in the seventh	True
Norris did n't know why Ross was so upset , especially when he was giving up an at-bat to move a runner . Baltimore benefited from a challenge that overturned a call at first	False
Norris did n't know why Ross was so upset , especially when he was giving up an at-bat to move a runner . Baltimore benefited from a challenge that overturned a call at first on what would have been Cruz 's inning-ending grounder in the sixth	True
Baltimore benefited from a challenge that overturned a call at first on what would have been Cruz 's inning-ending grounder in the sixth . Holt tripled into the right-center field gap in the seventh	True
Holt tripled into the right-center field gap in the seventh after Mike Carp drew a leadoff walk from Norris . Herrara then dropped down a bunt fouling off on his first attempt . Boston starter Felix Doubront retired 13 consecutive batters after giving up a run in the first	True
Holt tripled into the right-center field gap in the seventh after Mike Carp drew a leadoff walk from Norris . Herrara then dropped down a bunt fouling off on his first attempt . Boston starter Felix Doubront retired 13 consecutive batters after giving up a run in the first before Nick Markakis opened the sixth	True
Boston starter Felix Doubront retired 13 consecutive batters after giving up a run in the first before Nick Markakis opened the sixth with a single , but was erased when Delmon Young bounced into double play . The Orioles then got runners on first	False
Boston starter Felix Doubront retired 13 consecutive batters after giving up a run in the first before Nick Markakis opened the sixth with a single , but was erased when Delmon Young bounced into double play . The Orioles then got runners on first and third	False
Boston starter Felix Doubront retired 13 consecutive batters after giving up a run in the first before Nick Markakis opened the sixth with a single , but was erased when Delmon Young bounced into double play . The Orioles then got runners on first and third when Cruz hit a grounder to deep third	False
The Orioles then got runners on first and third when Cruz hit a grounder to deep third . Holt made a throw from near the foul line . Cruz was called out by first base umpire Ted Barrett . Showalter challenged his first call of the season and it was overturned after a 49-second wait . Ortiz 's homer hooked around the Pesky Pole and gave the Red Sox a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Doubront pitched 6 2/3 innings , allowing two runs on five hits , striking out seven and walking two . Cruz 's RBI single made it 1 - 0 in the first	True
Brian Roberts , Jacoby Ellsbury , Brian McCann and rookie Yangervis Solarte drove in two runs each for the Yankees , who have started 10 - 6 for the fourth consecutive year . Roberts and Ellsbury both had run-scoring triples , and Derek Jeter hit an RBI single during a three - run second	True
New York tripled twice in an inning for the first time since Brett Gardner and Jeter on May 19 , 2011 , at Baltimore , according to STATS . Alfonso Soriano and McCann made it 6 - 1 with consecutive homers during the fifth	True
New York tripled twice in an inning for the first time since Brett Gardner and Jeter on May 19 , 2011 , at Baltimore , according to STATS . Alfonso Soriano and McCann made it 6 - 1 with consecutive homers during the fifth . Solarte added his first major league homer , a two - run shot off Grant Balfour in the ninth	True
Alfonso Soriano and McCann made it 6 - 1 with consecutive homers during the fifth . Solarte added his first major league homer , a two - run shot off Grant Balfour in the ninth Tampa Bay got a run in the fourth	False
Alfonso Soriano and McCann made it 6 - 1 with consecutive homers during the fifth . Solarte added his first major league homer , a two - run shot off Grant Balfour in the ninth Tampa Bay got a run in the fourth when Logan Forsythe scored on McCann 's passed ball , beating Sabathia 's attempted tag at the plate . Rodriguez homered during the seventh	True
Tampa Bay got a run in the fourth when Logan Forsythe scored on McCann 's passed ball , beating Sabathia 's attempted tag at the plate . Rodriguez homered during the seventh . Rodriguez grounded into a triple play for the second time in his career . The Rays had runners on first	False
Tampa Bay got a run in the fourth when Logan Forsythe scored on McCann 's passed ball , beating Sabathia 's attempted tag at the plate . Rodriguez homered during the seventh . Rodriguez grounded into a triple play for the second time in his career . The Rays had runners on first and second	False
Tampa Bay got a run in the fourth when Logan Forsythe scored on McCann 's passed ball , beating Sabathia 's attempted tag at the plate . Rodriguez homered during the seventh . Rodriguez grounded into a triple play for the second time in his career . The Rays had runners on first and second in the second	True
Tampa Bay got a run in the fourth when Logan Forsythe scored on McCann 's passed ball , beating Sabathia 's attempted tag at the plate . Rodriguez homered during the seventh . Rodriguez grounded into a triple play for the second time in his career . The Rays had runners on first and second in the second when Rodriguez hit a hard grounder off Sabathia that Solarte fielded , and he stepped on the third	False
Said Rockies manager Walt Weiss : `` He struggled with his command , and his slider was bouncing well in front of the plate . He was n't getting swings on his slider like he usually does . '' Dale Thayer ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning and Huston Street worked the ninth	False
The Rockies lost for the sixth time in eight road games . Pinch-hitter Tommy Medica and Everth Cabrera had consecutive run-scoring doubles and Alexi Amarista followed with a run-scoring triple as San Diego cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the fifth	True
Garrett Jones homered and Casey McGehee had two hits and an RBI for the Marlins , who lost their seventh straight . The Marlins return home to face the Nationals on Monday after getting swept on the six - game road trip through Washington and Philadelphia . Utley broke a 3-all tie with two outs in the eighth	True
Utley broke a 3-all tie with two outs in the eighth by driving a 1 - 0 offering from Mike Dunn ( 0 - 1 ) into the seats in right-center . A. J. Bastardo ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
A. J. Bastardo ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
His counterpart , Henderson Alvarez , yielded three runs and 12 hits in six innings . The Marlins took advantage of first baseman Ryan Howard 's fielding error to get a run in the first	True
His counterpart , Henderson Alvarez , yielded three runs and 12 hits in six innings . The Marlins took advantage of first baseman Ryan Howard 's fielding error to get a run in the first on McGehee 's RBI single and tacked on a run on in the second	True
The Marlins took advantage of first baseman Ryan Howard 's fielding error to get a run in the first on McGehee 's RBI single and tacked on a run on in the second on Christian Yelich 's run-scoring single . Jones launched his first homer of the season to deep right with one out in the fifth	True
The Phillies requested an out call at home plate be reviewed in the seventh inning . Tony Gwynn Jr. was called out trying to score from first	False
Sandberg , though , believes there needs to be clarification to the rule . Howard had just three hits in his last 17 at-bats before homering to the opposite field with one out in the third	True
Howard had just three hits in his last 17 at-bats before homering to the opposite field with one out in the third to tie it at 1 . It was the second homer of the season for Howard . Gwynn started in center field in place of Ben Revere for the third straight game and had three hits . Revere struck out swinging in the seventh	True
Rollins said he told the fan to shut up , using an abbreviated expletive . B. J. Rosenberg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Stanton finished with three hits and three RBIs for the Marlins . His first homer , measured at 470 feet , cleared the seats in left-center and landed on Ashburn Alley -- a popular outfield concessions spot . The fifth-inning solo drive off Jonathan Pettibone pulled Miami to 4 - 2 . Stanton tied it at 4 in the seventh	True
Stanton tied it at 4 in the seventh when he drilled reliever Justin De Fratus ' first offering to deep left for a two - run shot . It was the 10th two - homer game for Stanton . Stanton was due to bat second	False
Stanton tied it at 4 in the seventh when he drilled reliever Justin De Fratus ' first offering to deep left for a two - run shot . It was the 10th two - homer game for Stanton . Stanton was due to bat second in the 11th	True
Rollins ' RBI single and Utley 's run-scoring double gave Philadelphia a 2 - 0 lead after one . The Marlins got a run back in the second	True
The Marlins got a run back in the second and would have scored at least two more if not for replay . Second base umpire Gary Cederstrom called Marcell Ozuna safe at second	False
But Sandberg challenged and , after a 2 minute , 27 seconds delay , umpires overturned the call . Replays showed that Rollins touched the bag before Ozuna for the final out . Adeiny Hechavarria had scored , Christian Yelich likely would have scored and the Marlins then would 've had runners on first	False
But Sandberg challenged and , after a 2 minute , 27 seconds delay , umpires overturned the call . Replays showed that Rollins touched the bag before Ozuna for the final out . Adeiny Hechavarria had scored , Christian Yelich likely would have scored and the Marlins then would 've had runners on first and second	False
Adeiny Hechavarria had scored , Christian Yelich likely would have scored and the Marlins then would 've had runners on first and second with two outs . Miami did get some good fortune in the inning as Ryan Howard dropped Rollins ' throw to first	False
Adeiny Hechavarria had scored , Christian Yelich likely would have scored and the Marlins then would 've had runners on first and second with two outs . Miami did get some good fortune in the inning as Ryan Howard dropped Rollins ' throw to first on Ozuna 's grounder to shortstop that would 've been the final out . Jarrod Saltalamacchia scored from third	False
Miami did get some good fortune in the inning as Ryan Howard dropped Rollins ' throw to first on Ozuna 's grounder to shortstop that would 've been the final out . Jarrod Saltalamacchia scored from third on Howard 's error . The Phillies went ahead 4 - 1 in the third	True
Miley gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings . A. J. Pollock had a pinch-hit homer for the Diamondbacks , who scored three in the ninth	True
Arizona fell to 4 - 10 . Los Angeles scored twice without an out in the second inning . Gonzalez drew a leadoff walk , Scott Van Slyke doubled to put runners at second	False
Arizona fell to 4 - 10 . Los Angeles scored twice without an out in the second inning . Gonzalez drew a leadoff walk , Scott Van Slyke doubled to put runners at second and third	False
Los Angeles scored twice without an out in the second inning . Gonzalez drew a leadoff walk , Scott Van Slyke doubled to put runners at second and third , and Uribe singled to bring both of them home . Puig led off the third	True
Puig led off the third with a single , then with two outs Gonzalez homered to make it 4 - 0 and give the slugger seven RBIs in the first 12 innings of the series . Los Angeles added a fifth run in the fourth	True
Los Angeles added a fifth run in the fourth . Justin Turner led off with a double and scored on Puig 's two - out single . Arizona finally got a run after being blanked for the first 13 innings of the series when Pollock led off the fifth	True
Arizona finally got a run after being blanked for the first 13 innings of the series when Pollock led off the fifth with a home run to the porch in right-center , his first career pinch-hit homer . The Dodgers got an unearned run without a hit in the sixth	True
Arizona finally got a run after being blanked for the first 13 innings of the series when Pollock led off the fifth with a home run to the porch in right-center , his first career pinch-hit homer . The Dodgers got an unearned run without a hit in the sixth . Oliver Perez walked Drew Butera to start the inning . Greinke 's bunt advanced the runner to second	False
The Dodgers got an unearned run without a hit in the sixth . Oliver Perez walked Drew Butera to start the inning . Greinke 's bunt advanced the runner to second , then Butera scored when third baseman Martin Prado could n't handle Matt Kemp 's sharp grounder . J. J. Putz walked Hanley Ramirez with the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth	True
The Dodgers got an unearned run without a hit in the sixth . Oliver Perez walked Drew Butera to start the inning . Greinke 's bunt advanced the runner to second , then Butera scored when third baseman Martin Prado could n't handle Matt Kemp 's sharp grounder . J. J. Putz walked Hanley Ramirez with the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth to make it 7 - 1 . Cliff Pennington singled in Arizona 's second run in the eighth	False
Colabello drove in four runs to raise his AL-leading total to 11 , Brian Dozier scored three times and the Minnesota Twins outslugged the Cleveland Indians 10 - 7 on Sunday to take two of three games in the series . Colabello , who spent 2005 to 2011 paying his dues in the Canadian-American Association before signing with the Twins in 2012 , broke a 6 - 6 tie with a three - run double in the sixth inning off Blake Wood ( 0 - 1 ) . The 30-year-old Colabello also had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Joe Mauer had three hits and scored twice for the Twins , who took advantage of wildness by Cleveland pitchers . Of Minnesota 's 10 runs , seven were set up by either a walk or hit batter . Anthony Swarzak ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win in relief of Twins starter Ricky Nolasco , and Glen Perkins worked a perfect ninth	True
Indians starter Justin Masterson did n't get through four innings , but got his second straight no-decision . He pitched seven shutout innings at Oakland on opening day . After the Indians rallied from a 6 - 2 deficit on Kipnis ' three - run double in the fourth	True
Indians starter Justin Masterson did n't get through four innings , but got his second straight no-decision . He pitched seven shutout innings at Oakland on opening day . After the Indians rallied from a 6 - 2 deficit on Kipnis ' three - run double in the fourth and Murphy 's RBI double in the fifth	True
Indians starter Justin Masterson did n't get through four innings , but got his second straight no-decision . He pitched seven shutout innings at Oakland on opening day . After the Indians rallied from a 6 - 2 deficit on Kipnis ' three - run double in the fourth and Murphy 's RBI double in the fifth , the Twins loaded the bases in the sixth	True
Simon ( 1 - 0 ) made 99 relief appearances for the Reds since his previous start , on Sept. 28 , 2011 , for Baltimore , but manager Bryan Price tapped the right-hander because Mat Latos is rehabbing from knee and elbow operations . Price said Simon is one of the most durable guys on the staff and had no problem letting him go deep into the game . He lifted Simon for the left-handed Parra to start the eighth	True
Simon took the mound in a game for the first time since March 24 but there was little rust . After an easy first	True
An inning later , Simon walked Niese and Eric Young Jr. doubled to left-center with one out . But Daniel Murphy and David Wright struck out , starting a run of 10 in a row that ended when Simon hit Wright with a pitch . Simon started the Reds ' go-ahead rally in the sixth	True
Jay Bruce grounded to first base , ending Niese 's day on his 90th pitch . Gonzalez Germen relieved and pitched around Todd Frazier to face Zack Cozart with the bases loaded . Cozart grounded out to extend his hitless start to 0 for 18 . Cozart then flew out to right field in the ninth	True
Bumgarner struck out 10 while working into the seventh inning , and the Giants got home runs from Michael Morse , Pablo Sandoval and Buster Posey in a 7 - 2 victory on Sunday . Right fielder Yasiel Puig returned to the Dodgers ' starting lineup , batting leadoff a day after he was benched by manager Don Mattingly for arriving late for stretching and batting practice before Friday 's home opener . Puig went 1 for 4 and was picked off first	False
Bumgarner is 4 - 1 with a 1.53 ERA in his last five starts at Chavez Ravine . Puig came up in the seventh	True
Puig came up in the seventh with the bases loaded and one out after Giants skipper Bruce Bochy replaced Bumgarner with Santiago Casilla . Puig 's flyball to right field was too shallow to score Scott Van Slyke , but pinch-hitter Andre Ethier followed with an RBI single . A. J. Ellis tried to score behind Van Slyke and was thrown out by Hunter Pence for the third	False
Morse , playing for his fourth team in a span of three seasons , gave San Francisco a 2 - 1 lead when he drove Maholm 's first pitch of the fourth deep into the pavilion seats in left-center for his first homer with the Giants . Sandoval , the Giants ' slimmed-down third baseman and 2012 World Series MVP , parked Maholm 's 80th and final pitch over the left field fence in the fifth	True
It was a series of sprints by the burly Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman , however , that ignited a 12 - 2 win over the St. Louis Cardinals . Alvarez broke open a close game in the sixth	True
Alvarez broke open a close game in the sixth by beating out a potential double play , followed it up with the fifth stolen base of his career , then scored with a deft slide around St. Louis catcher Yadier Molina 's tag that gave the Pirates the momentum they needed to pull away . It certainly looked like it , as Alvarez 's outstretched left arm slid across the plate a split second	False
Cole is considered the ace in waiting after a stellar rookie season in which he was arguably Pittsburgh 's best pitcher over the final six weeks . Eager to take the next step in his development , the 23-year-old kept the Cardinals in check by mixing a fastball that consistently reaches the upper 90s with improved offspeed stuff . He also showcased some of his maturity , working out of a bases-loaded situation in the fourth	True
Cole is considered the ace in waiting after a stellar rookie season in which he was arguably Pittsburgh 's best pitcher over the final six weeks . Eager to take the next step in his development , the 23-year-old kept the Cardinals in check by mixing a fastball that consistently reaches the upper 90s with improved offspeed stuff . He also showcased some of his maturity , working out of a bases-loaded situation in the fourth by getting Jhonny Peralta to fly out . His only mistake came in the fifth	True
Archer 's contract includes club options for 2020 and 2021 that could raise the value to $ 43.75 million . Longoria tied Carlos Pena for first	False
The Blue Jays extended their winless road series streak at Tampa Bay to 21 . Since taking a series in April 2007 , Toronto has lost 19 and split two road series against the Rays . Ryan Hanigan had an RBI single in the second	True
The Blue Jays extended their winless road series streak at Tampa Bay to 21 . Since taking a series in April 2007 , Toronto has lost 19 and split two road series against the Rays . Ryan Hanigan had an RBI single in the second , and Desmond Jennings hit a run-scoring double during a three - run third	True
Ryan Hanigan had an RBI single in the second , and Desmond Jennings hit a run-scoring double during a three - run third as the Rays took a 4 - 0 lead . Toronto got to 4 - 2 in the fourth	False
Rays outfielder David DeJesus returned after missing the previous two games with a bruised right foot and went 2 for 5 . First listed to start in left field , DeJesus was moved to designated hitter . Gibbons wanted to challenge an out call on Lawrie 's one - out grounder in the ninth	True
Solarte , 26 , spent time in the minors with Minnesota and Texas but never got called up until this season after hitting .429 this spring . Solarte singled in a two - run third inning that put New York up 2 - 1 . He doubled in the fifth	True
Houston cut the lead to one in the bottom of that inning before Solarte came through again , this time with a single that drove in Ichiro Suzuki . Solarte , the third baseman , also had a nifty defensive play when he grabbed a bullet hit right at him by Jose Altuve in the eighth	True
Ivan Nova allowed six hits and two runs and walked five in 5 2/3 innings . He was helped by a defense that turned four double plays with him on the mound . David Robertson , who took over as closer for Mariano Rivera , pitched a perfect ninth	True
Houston starter Brett Oberholtzer also went 5 2/3 innings , allowing five hits and three runs while fanning five . Suzuki doubled with two outs in the seventh	True
Suzuki doubled with two outs in the seventh before scoring on the RBI by Solarte . Solarte 's hit was a high pop-up that dropped right among three Astros players assembled directly in front of home plate . Solarte doubled with one out in the fifth	True
Jeter walked and Carlos Beltran 's sacrifice fly scored Solarte to give New York a 2 - 1 lead . Fowler and Robbie Grossman hit back-to-back singles to start the first	True
Jeter walked and Carlos Beltran 's sacrifice fly scored Solarte to give New York a 2 - 1 lead . Fowler and Robbie Grossman hit back-to-back singles to start the first before Nova plunked Jason Castro to load the bases . Altuve grounded into a forceout that left Castro out at second	False
Fowler and Robbie Grossman hit back-to-back singles to start the first before Nova plunked Jason Castro to load the bases . Altuve grounded into a forceout that left Castro out at second and scored Fowler to make it 1 - 0 . Carter walked to load the bases again , but the Yankees turned a double play to limit the damage . The Yankees also used double plays to get out of the third	True
Carter walked to load the bases again , but the Yankees turned a double play to limit the damage . The Yankees also used double plays to get out of the third and fourth innings . Castro also was hit by a pitch in the third inning to become the first Astro since Brad Ausmus on April 7 , 2007 , to be hit twice in a game . He remained in the game before being replaced by Carlos Corporan in the top of the sixth	True
In the fourth inning , the Diamondbacks ' A. J. Pollock raced home on a passed ball and was called safe by home plate umpire Eric Cooper . Replays showed Giants pitcher Matt Cain appeared to tag Pollock before the runner crossed the plate . But there was nothing Giants manager Bruce Bochy could do about it . He had used up his challenge moments earlier in a failed attempt to reverse a safe call on a pickoff attempt of Pollock at first	False
But there was nothing Giants manager Bruce Bochy could do about it . He had used up his challenge moments earlier in a failed attempt to reverse a safe call on a pickoff attempt of Pollock at first . `` Good thing I made that play close at first	False
Gerardo Parra had two hits and the sacrifice fly that scored to the go-ahead run in the sixth inning . Brandon Belt hit a three - run home run in the first	True
Brandon Belt hit a three - run home run in the first , his second homer in as many games . Addison Reed , who gave up the game-winning home run to Buster Posey Monday night , pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Addison Reed , who gave up the game-winning home run to Buster Posey Monday night , pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save with the Diamondbacks . Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez reached second	False
Addison Reed , who gave up the game-winning home run to Buster Posey Monday night , pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save with the Diamondbacks . Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez reached second with one out in the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez reached second with one out in the ninth when Arizona rookie shortstop Chris Owings misjudged a pop fly to short left and it dropped for a double . But Brandon Crawford fouled out to the catcher and Juan Perez struck out looking to end the game . Pollock , dropped from the leadoff spot to No . 8 in the order , beat out an infield single in the first	True
Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez reached second with one out in the ninth when Arizona rookie shortstop Chris Owings misjudged a pop fly to short left and it dropped for a double . But Brandon Crawford fouled out to the catcher and Juan Perez struck out looking to end the game . Pollock , dropped from the leadoff spot to No . 8 in the order , beat out an infield single in the first , singled and scored in the fourth	True
Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez reached second with one out in the ninth when Arizona rookie shortstop Chris Owings misjudged a pop fly to short left and it dropped for a double . But Brandon Crawford fouled out to the catcher and Juan Perez struck out looking to end the game . Pollock , dropped from the leadoff spot to No . 8 in the order , beat out an infield single in the first , singled and scored in the fourth , then doubled in a run and scored the go-ahead run in the sixth	False
Juan Guiterrez ( 0 - 1 ) went two innings to take the loss in relief of Cain . The Diamondbacks scored twice in the sixth	True
Juan Guiterrez ( 0 - 1 ) went two innings to take the loss in relief of Cain . The Diamondbacks scored twice in the sixth to take the lead . Owings singled with one out , stole second	False
Juan Guiterrez ( 0 - 1 ) went two innings to take the loss in relief of Cain . The Diamondbacks scored twice in the sixth to take the lead . Owings singled with one out , stole second and scored on Pollock 's ground-rule double to left-center . Miley singled , an then Pollock scored from third	False
San Francisco jumped on Miley in a hurry . Singles by Angel Pagan , Pablo Sandoval and Posey brought in the first run . Then Belt hit Miley 's 1 - 0 pitch into the swimming pool area in right field and it was 4 - 0 . Arizona got two in the bottom of the first	True
Arizona got two in the bottom of the first . Parra led off with a single and came home on Goldschmidt 's double to deep right-center . Goldschmidt scored on Martin Prado 's single . Cain left with a 4 - 3 lead after five innings . He gave up two earned runs , struck out two and walked two . Will Harris pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Mattingly said Wilson had an MRI on Monday that showed nerve irritation . Mattingly said there was no sign of ligament damage . Wilson had reconstructive surgery in April 2012 . The Dodgers ' bullpen has had a rough go since returning from Sydney . Wilson allowed three runs in the eighth inning of Sunday night 's 3 - 1 loss , and Jansen had to dance out of trouble in the ninth	True
Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) went five innings , allowing two runs and two hits while striking out five and walking two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) went five innings , allowing two runs and two hits while striking out five and walking two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth when Dee Gordon singled in Juan Uribe . Uribe doubled to right-center with two outs and took third	False
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth when Dee Gordon singled in Juan Uribe . Uribe doubled to right-center with two outs and took third on second baseman Jedd Gyorko 's error . Gyorko had gone into the shallow outfield to take the throw from right fielder Chris Denorfia . He turned and started to throw , but apparently realized there was no play at third	False
Gyorko had gone into the shallow outfield to take the throw from right fielder Chris Denorfia . He turned and started to throw , but apparently realized there was no play at third and tried to hold up , losing his grip on the ball . That allowed Uribe to advance . San Diego pulled to 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
A chunk of Boston 's coaching staff had to watch the comeback from the clubhouse , where they were sent during a string of ejections in the latest testy game between the clubs , which included a bench-clearing scrum in the fourth inning . His two successors joined him later along with starting pitcher Brandon Workman , who was tossed in the sixth	True
Ortiz felt it was retribution for two homers he hit off Price in the playoffs last year . There was much more to come , including a bench-clearing scrum after Price plunked Boston first baseman Mike Carp in the fourth	True
These teams have a long history of bad blood , and Friday night was the latest chapter . Boston retaliated in the sixth	True
The last-place Rays had won five straight against the Red Sox , including a three - game sweep last weekend that extended Boston 's losing streak to 10 in a row . The Red Sox vented some of the frustration during a bench-clearing dustup Sunday at Tampa Bay . David DeJesus led off the game with a double and went to third	False
David DeJesus led off the game with a double and went to third on an error by Grady Sizemore in right field . Ben Zobrist followed with a fielder 's choice that allowed DeJesus to score and give Tampa Bay a 1 - 0 lead . The Rays added a run in the fifth	True
The Rays added a run in the fifth when Escobar led off with a double and scored on an RBI single by DeJesus . Boston cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth	False
The Rays added a run in the fifth when Escobar led off with a double and scored on an RBI single by DeJesus . Boston cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth on two - out singles by Xander Bogaerts , Dustin Pedroia and Ortiz . Bogaerts added an RBI double to tie it at 2-all in the seventh	True
Drew Pomeranz ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a season-high 5 1/3 innings , allowing five runs and four hits . He walked three and struck out five . Pomeranz had not allowed a run at home in 17 innings before the Angels struck in the fourth	True
He did get an out prior to Moss ' slam and loaded the bases again before getting his second ( and final ) out . Richards walked Crisp to force in a run and was replaced by Wade LeBlanc . Donaldson homered in the second	True
He did get an out prior to Moss ' slam and loaded the bases again before getting his second ( and final ) out . Richards walked Crisp to force in a run and was replaced by Wade LeBlanc . Donaldson homered in the second and singled home a run in the third	True
He did get an out prior to Moss ' slam and loaded the bases again before getting his second ( and final ) out . Richards walked Crisp to force in a run and was replaced by Wade LeBlanc . Donaldson homered in the second and singled home a run in the third before the Angels answered with three runs in the fourth	True
Donaldson homered in the second and singled home a run in the third before the Angels answered with three runs in the fourth on the homers by Kendrick and Trout . Donaldson added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Donaldson homered in the second and singled home a run in the third before the Angels answered with three runs in the fourth on the homers by Kendrick and Trout . Donaldson added a two - run shot in the fifth to put the A 's up 9 - 3 . Cron responded with a two - run double in the sixth	False
Mike Aviles , Michael Brantley and Ryan Raburn had two hits apiece for the Indians , who have dropped three of four . Brantley and Raburn each drove in a run . Cleveland third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall committed a costly error in the third inning , allowing Marcus Semien to reach . Gillaspie then singled to put runners on first	False
Mike Aviles , Michael Brantley and Ryan Raburn had two hits apiece for the Indians , who have dropped three of four . Brantley and Raburn each drove in a run . Cleveland third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall committed a costly error in the third inning , allowing Marcus Semien to reach . Gillaspie then singled to put runners on first and second	False
Gillaspie is batting .407 ( 24 for 59 ) in his last 16 games . The White Sox added two more runs in the sixth	True
Jose Quintana ( 3 - 4 ) pitched six effective innings for the White Sox , allowing two runs and five hits . Scott Downs got four outs for his first save . Quintana got some help from his defense in the sixth	True
Jacob deGrom ( 0 - 2 ) gave up three solo homers over six innings in his second big league start . Pitching in place of injured Dillon Gee , the shaggy-haired righty was n't quite as effective as last Thursday , when he went seven innings in a 1 - 0 loss to the New York Yankees . Lagares tripled in the ninth	True
Lagares tripled in the ninth and scored as second baseman Dee Gordon made a nice play on Daniel Murphy 's groundout . Kenley Jansen struck out Wright to end it . Campbell hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Ryu had thrown 33 straight shutout innings on the road since Sept. 24 , 2013 , at San Francisco . Brandon League protected a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Ryu had thrown 33 straight shutout innings on the road since Sept. 24 , 2013 , at San Francisco . Brandon League protected a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh , retiring Young with runners at second	False
Ryu had thrown 33 straight shutout innings on the road since Sept. 24 , 2013 , at San Francisco . Brandon League protected a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh , retiring Young with runners at second and third	False
Brandon League protected a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh , retiring Young with runners at second and third to end the inning . Wright 's two - out double squirted a few feet behind a diving Puig in right , but Murphy did n't appear to be running hard all the way and was held up at third base . Los Angeles added an insurance run in the eighth	False
Wilson worked a scoreless inning , and Jansen got three outs for his 13th save in 15 attempts . Gonzalez homered into the second deck in right field leading off the second	True
Wilson worked a scoreless inning , and Jansen got three outs for his 13th save in 15 attempts . Gonzalez homered into the second deck in right field leading off the second , his 12th	False
It 's the third time this season Gonzalez has gone deep in at least three consecutive games . Puig sent a solo drive to left-center in the sixth	True
It 's the third time this season Gonzalez has gone deep in at least three consecutive games . Puig sent a solo drive to left-center in the sixth for his 10th	False
It 's the third time this season Gonzalez has gone deep in at least three consecutive games . Puig sent a solo drive to left-center in the sixth for his 10th of the year , and Ramirez followed with his seventh	False
Puig has hit safely in 18 of his past 19 games , batting .408 with seven homers and 23 RBIs during that stretch . He was the National League co-player of the week last week . Ryu scattered five hits over the first five innings and struck out Curtis Granderson with the bases loaded to end the third	True
Jerry Crasnick asks : Hall of Fame skipper Tony La Russa 's move to the front office could portend big changes in Arizona , but when ? Working on six days rest because of a rainout and day off , Wainwright ( 7 - 2 ) retired the first 11 batters before Paul Goldschmidt doubled off the wall in center with two outs in the fourth	True
`` Just take what you get . '' Peralta hit his team-leading ninth	False
`` Just take what you get . '' Peralta hit his team-leading ninth of the season in the sixth	True
Peralta hit his team-leading ninth of the season in the sixth and added one of the Cardinals ' five doubles for a second RBI against Bronson Arroyo ( 4 - 3 ) . Arroyo had been 3 - 0 with an 0.39 ERA in May and had n't allowed a homer his last four starts . Arroyo gave up five runs in seven innings , all of the runs coming with two outs . Adams ' two - run shot in the first	True
Peralta hit his team-leading ninth of the season in the sixth and added one of the Cardinals ' five doubles for a second RBI against Bronson Arroyo ( 4 - 3 ) . Arroyo had been 3 - 0 with an 0.39 ERA in May and had n't allowed a homer his last four starts . Arroyo gave up five runs in seven innings , all of the runs coming with two outs . Adams ' two - run shot in the first was the Cardinals ' first since May 9 when Peralta and Craig homered at Pittsburgh . It was their first	False
The Cardinals entered with 23 homers , fewest in the National League and second fewest in the majors . The one - hitter was a career best for Wainwright , who has thrown four two - hitters . He threw his second shutout of the season and the eighth	True
The one - hitter was a career best for Wainwright , who has thrown four two - hitters . He threw his second shutout of the season and the eighth of his career on a day Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said struggling closer Trevor Rosenthal would not be available . Rosenthal has two blown saves his last five appearances , the last coming when he pitched for the fourth straight game and took the loss against the Braves on Sunday . Former closer Jason Motte , activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game , warmed up in the ninth	True
Former closer Jason Motte , activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game , warmed up in the ninth . Matheny said Motte would have made his season debut if Wainwright , who totaled 115 pitches with no walks , struggled . Wainwright said he lobbied Matheny for 12 pitches in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks arrived minus new chief baseball officer Tony La Russa , who managed the Cardinals for 16 seasons and retired in 2011 after leading them to a second World Series title . Manager Kirk Gibson said before the game he did n't think it would have been a distraction . Pollock made an outstanding running catch in center field a few steps from the wall to rob Molina of extra bases in the sixth	True
New York will try for its third three - game sweep of the Pirates , along with 2005 and ` 07 , in the finale of the first traditional twinbill at Yankee Stadium since 2004 . Pittsburgh 's Gerrit Cole faces Vidal Nuno in the second game . With the second game scheduled to begin about 30 minutes after the end of the first	False
Pirates manager Clint Hurdle said to expect lineup changes for the finale . His main concern , though , was protecting his bullpen for the second game , and Charlie Morton ( 0 - 6 ) did just that with seven solid innings after a shaky start . Morton walked Brett Gardner to open the first	True
Morton walked Brett Gardner to open the first . Jeter then bunted down the third base line for a hit and Ellsbury was hit by a pitch to load the bases for Teixeira , who homered Saturday . The hot-hitting first baseman lined his single to right-center . McCann followed with a single for a 3 - 1 lead . Gardner doubled in the second	True
Morton walked Brett Gardner to open the first . Jeter then bunted down the third base line for a hit and Ellsbury was hit by a pitch to load the bases for Teixeira , who homered Saturday . The hot-hitting first baseman lined his single to right-center . McCann followed with a single for a 3 - 1 lead . Gardner doubled in the second but Morton settled down after that . He allowed just one baserunner the rest of his outing , and Zoilo Almonte , who singled with two outs in the fourth	True
Gardner doubled in the second but Morton settled down after that . He allowed just one baserunner the rest of his outing , and Zoilo Almonte , who singled with two outs in the fourth , was picked off first base -- after a replay overturned an original safe call . Neil Walker homered in the first -- his ninth -- and added an RBI single in the fifth	False
Gardner doubled in the second but Morton settled down after that . He allowed just one baserunner the rest of his outing , and Zoilo Almonte , who singled with two outs in the fourth , was picked off first base -- after a replay overturned an original safe call . Neil Walker homered in the first -- his ninth -- and added an RBI single in the fifth to cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Tony Sanchez homered leading off the fifth	True
Dominguez homered twice and had four RBIs , helping the Astros to defeat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 2 . Dominguez hit his sixth	False
Dominguez homered twice and had four RBIs , helping the Astros to defeat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 2 . Dominguez hit his sixth and seventh homers of the season off White Sox lefty John Danks ( 3 - 4 ) in the third	True
Dominguez hit his sixth and seventh homers of the season off White Sox lefty John Danks ( 3 - 4 ) in the third and fifth innings . The first	False
Dominguez hit his sixth and seventh homers of the season off White Sox lefty John Danks ( 3 - 4 ) in the third and fifth innings . The first was hit to deep left-center on a full count that followed a double by Dexter Fowler . The second	False
The Astros improved to 12 - 3 when hitting two or more home runs . They are 1 - 17 when they fail to hit a homer . After a Chris Carter homer in the second inning gave the Astros an early lead , Jonathan Villar sparked a rally with a two - RBI single that scored Jesus Guzman and L. J. Hoes . Guzman advanced to second	False
The Astros improved to 12 - 3 when hitting two or more home runs . They are 1 - 17 when they fail to hit a homer . After a Chris Carter homer in the second inning gave the Astros an early lead , Jonathan Villar sparked a rally with a two - RBI single that scored Jesus Guzman and L. J. Hoes . Guzman advanced to second on a throwing error by left fielder Alejandro De Aza then stole third	False
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- C. J. Wilson does n't throw a complete game very often . And both times he has , it 's been against the Tampa Bay Rays . The Los Angeles Angels ' left-hander scattered five hits in his second career shutout and Grant Green homered in a 6 - 0 victory Saturday night . Wilson threw 127 pitches , struck out five and escaped a bases-loaded jam in the seventh	True
The two - time All-Star lefty has made 80 starts since his previous shutout and complete game , which was at Fort Lauderdale , Florida on Sept. 6 , 2011 , while pitching for Texas . The former Rangers reliever was converted into a starter in 2010 , and has gone the distance seven times in 149 career starts . Wilson ( 5 - 3 ) , who came in leading the majors with 116.3 pitches per start , threw just 75 through the first six innings before singles by Longoria and Yunel Escobar and a walk to Logan Forsythe loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Cesar Ramos ( 1 - 3 ) lasted only 35 pitches , getting charged with four runs and four hits through 1 1/3 innings in his seventh start since he was inserted into the rotation to replace the injured Matt Moore . Howie Kendrick , who entered with a .363 career average against Tampa Bay , opened the scoring in the first	True
Howie Kendrick , who entered with a .363 career average against Tampa Bay , opened the scoring in the first with an RBI single and Erick Aybar hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly two batters later . In the second	True
Howie Kendrick , who entered with a .363 career average against Tampa Bay , opened the scoring in the first with an RBI single and Erick Aybar hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly two batters later . In the second , Ramos plunked No . 9 hitter Luis Jimenez just below the left knee with a pitch that bounced on the grass first	False
Howie Kendrick , who entered with a .363 career average against Tampa Bay , opened the scoring in the first with an RBI single and Erick Aybar hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly two batters later . In the second , Ramos plunked No . 9 hitter Luis Jimenez just below the left knee with a pitch that bounced on the grass first . Collin Cowgill followed with a sharp single to the right of shortstop Escobar and continued to second	False
Howie Kendrick , who entered with a .363 career average against Tampa Bay , opened the scoring in the first with an RBI single and Erick Aybar hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly two batters later . In the second , Ramos plunked No . 9 hitter Luis Jimenez just below the left knee with a pitch that bounced on the grass first . Collin Cowgill followed with a sharp single to the right of shortstop Escobar and continued to second on rookie center fielder Kevin Kiermaier 's throw to third	False
It was Pujols ' 535th career double , breaking a tie with Lou Gehrig for 34th place . It also ended an RBI drought of nine games and 39 at-bats by the two - time NL MVP since his run-scoring single against the Yankees ' Shawn Kelley on May 6 at Angel Stadium . Green , who came to the Angels last July in a trade that sent Alberto Callaspo to Oakland , made it 6 - 0 in the third	True
Jason Castro hit a three - run homer and Dexter Fowler homered and drove in two runs in the victory . Castro 's home run came in Houston 's four - run first inning . The White Sox scored two in the second	True
Jason Castro hit a three - run homer and Dexter Fowler homered and drove in two runs in the victory . Castro 's home run came in Houston 's four - run first inning . The White Sox scored two in the second and one in the third	False
Kyle Farnsworth had a tough debut with the Astros after being signed Saturday . Alejandro De Aza and Gordon Beckham each had an RBI off of the veteran reliever in the eighth inning to cut the lead to 6 - 5 . He was replaced by Darin Downs with two outs . Downs retired Conor Gillaspie to end the inning and Chad Qualls pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chicago 's Hector Noesi ( 0 - 4 ) gave up eight hits and six runs -- five earned -- in six innings to remain winless in four starts and 10 appearances this season . Alexei Ramirez had two hits and an RBI , and rookie Jose Abreu drove in his AL-leading 42nd RBI with a sacrifice in the third	True
Jose Altuve hit a leadoff single before Springer 's hit sailed just over the head of center fielder De Aza for a triple to put Houston up 1 - 0 . Fowler walked before Castro 's sixth home run this season pushed the lead to 4 - 0 . There were runners at second	False
Jose Altuve hit a leadoff single before Springer 's hit sailed just over the head of center fielder De Aza for a triple to put Houston up 1 - 0 . Fowler walked before Castro 's sixth home run this season pushed the lead to 4 - 0 . There were runners at second and third	False
Fowler walked before Castro 's sixth home run this season pushed the lead to 4 - 0 . There were runners at second and third with two outs in the inning when right fielder Moises Sierra robbed Marwin Gonzalez of a hit and likely saved a couple of runs with a nifty diving catch . Noesi settled down after the first inning and allowed just two hits -- both singles -- over the next three innings before Fowler 's homer with no outs in the fifth	True
Noesi settled down after the first inning and allowed just two hits -- both singles -- over the next three innings before Fowler 's homer with no outs in the fifth . Adam Dunn walked to start the second inning and later scored on a sacrifice fly by Ramirez to get Chicago within 4 - 1 . Cosart issued consecutive walks after that to load the bases . A sacrifice fly by Sierra made it 4 - 2 , but De Aza was out at third	False
Adam Dunn walked to start the second inning and later scored on a sacrifice fly by Ramirez to get Chicago within 4 - 1 . Cosart issued consecutive walks after that to load the bases . A sacrifice fly by Sierra made it 4 - 2 , but De Aza was out at third on the play to end the inning . Beckham doubled with no outs in the third	True
Adam Dunn walked to start the second inning and later scored on a sacrifice fly by Ramirez to get Chicago within 4 - 1 . Cosart issued consecutive walks after that to load the bases . A sacrifice fly by Sierra made it 4 - 2 , but De Aza was out at third on the play to end the inning . Beckham doubled with no outs in the third , took second	False
Boston 's David Ortiz had a single to extend his hitting streak to 10 games , going 19 - for - 40 with five homers and eight RBIs during that stretch . With Detroit leading 1 - 0 in the third	True
With Detroit leading 1 - 0 in the third , Cabrera hit a fly ball down the right-field line , hooking it around the Pesky Pole about 10 to 15 feet and a couple of rows into the seats . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Torii Hunter had an RBI double and scored on Cabrera 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Red Sox were scoreless for 14 straight innings until Bogaerts homered into the seats above the Green Monster leading off the fifth	True
In the fourth , Torii Hunter had an RBI double and scored on Cabrera 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Red Sox were scoreless for 14 straight innings until Bogaerts homered into the seats above the Green Monster leading off the fifth . Rajai Davis ' RBI double made it 5 - 1 and chased Lackey in the sixth	True
The Red Sox were scoreless for 14 straight innings until Bogaerts homered into the seats above the Green Monster leading off the fifth . Rajai Davis ' RBI double made it 5 - 1 and chased Lackey in the sixth . Davis scored on Ian Kinsler 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers loaded the bases with no outs against Lackey in the second	True
The Tigers loaded the bases with no outs against Lackey in the second , but only managed one run on Alex Avila 's fielder 's choice grounder . Boston 's slumbering offense loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth	True
The Tigers loaded the bases with no outs against Lackey in the second , but only managed one run on Alex Avila 's fielder 's choice grounder . Boston 's slumbering offense loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but A. J. Pierzynski grounded weakly to second	False
CINCINNATI -- Held to three hits in the opener of a doubleheader , the Padres had a season-high three homers to gain a split and keep their momentum going . Rene Rivera hit the first	False
Brandon Phillips homered off Ian Kennedy ( 2 - 5 ) and Zack Cozart singled home two runs , part of a three - hit game for the shortstop . The Reds got runners on first	False
Brandon Phillips homered off Ian Kennedy ( 2 - 5 ) and Zack Cozart singled home two runs , part of a three - hit game for the shortstop . The Reds got runners on first and third	False
Brandon Phillips homered off Ian Kennedy ( 2 - 5 ) and Zack Cozart singled home two runs , part of a three - hit game for the shortstop . The Reds got runners on first and third with two outs in the fifth	True
The Reds got runners on first and third with two outs in the fifth , and Phillips connected for his third homer . In his last 11 games , Phillips is 14 for 39 with seven doubles , two homers and five multihit games . Cozart snapped an 0 - for - 15 streak with runners in scoring position when he singled home two runs in the sixth	True
Encarnacion hit two home runs , Juan Francisco also connected and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 Thursday night to give manager John Gibbons his 400th career win . Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the second	True
Encarnacion hit two home runs , Juan Francisco also connected and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 Thursday night to give manager John Gibbons his 400th career win . Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the second off Danny Salazar and added a two - run blast in the fifth	True
Encarnacion hit two home runs , Juan Francisco also connected and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 4 - 2 Thursday night to give manager John Gibbons his 400th career win . Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the second off Danny Salazar and added a two - run blast in the fifth off C. C. Lee . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the 13th	False
Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the second off Danny Salazar and added a two - run blast in the fifth off C. C. Lee . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the 13th of his career . Encarnacion finished 3 for 4 , adding a double in the third	True
Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the second off Danny Salazar and added a two - run blast in the fifth off C. C. Lee . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the 13th of his career . Encarnacion finished 3 for 4 , adding a double in the third . His only out was a hard liner straight at third baseman Carlos Santana to open the seventh	True
Encarnacion had just two home runs through April 30 , but has hit six since . He 's doubled his RBI total with 15 so far in May , and 10 of his 14 hits this month have been for extra bases . Two batters after Encarnacion 's homer in the second	True
Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ allowed one run and six hits in a season-high six innings . Happ ( 2 - 1 ) walked two and struck out four . Brett Cecil pitched the seventh	True
Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ allowed one run and six hits in a season-high six innings . Happ ( 2 - 1 ) walked two and struck out four . Brett Cecil pitched the seventh , Steve Delabar got two outs in the eighth	True
Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ allowed one run and six hits in a season-high six innings . Happ ( 2 - 1 ) walked two and struck out four . Brett Cecil pitched the seventh , Steve Delabar got two outs in the eighth and Aaron Loup got the third	True
Brett Cecil pitched the seventh , Steve Delabar got two outs in the eighth and Aaron Loup got the third . Casey Janssen finished for his second save in two chances . One night after setting season-highs with 15 runs and 22 hits , Cleveland struggled to get anything going offensively . Yan Gomes grounded into a double play with men at first	False
Brett Cecil pitched the seventh , Steve Delabar got two outs in the eighth and Aaron Loup got the third . Casey Janssen finished for his second save in two chances . One night after setting season-highs with 15 runs and 22 hits , Cleveland struggled to get anything going offensively . Yan Gomes grounded into a double play with men at first and second	False
Brett Cecil pitched the seventh , Steve Delabar got two outs in the eighth and Aaron Loup got the third . Casey Janssen finished for his second save in two chances . One night after setting season-highs with 15 runs and 22 hits , Cleveland struggled to get anything going offensively . Yan Gomes grounded into a double play with men at first and second in the second	True
Brett Cecil pitched the seventh , Steve Delabar got two outs in the eighth and Aaron Loup got the third . Casey Janssen finished for his second save in two chances . One night after setting season-highs with 15 runs and 22 hits , Cleveland struggled to get anything going offensively . Yan Gomes grounded into a double play with men at first and second in the second , and the Indians twice grounded into fielder 's choices with two on in the fourth	True
One night after setting season-highs with 15 runs and 22 hits , Cleveland struggled to get anything going offensively . Yan Gomes grounded into a double play with men at first and second in the second , and the Indians twice grounded into fielder 's choices with two on in the fourth . Murphy got the Indians on the board with his one - out homer in the fifth	True
Murphy got the Indians on the board with his one - out homer in the fifth . Michael Bourn reached on a two - out single and Nick Swisher walked , but Ryan Raburn grounded out . Raburn hit a leadoff double in the eighth	False
Salazar is 0 - 6 with a 4.28 ERA in 10 career road starts . The Blue Jays used a single , a hit batter and a walk to load the bases against Salazar in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays used a single , a hit batter and a walk to load the bases against Salazar in the fourth , but Melky Cabrera struck out to end the threat . Jose Bautista singled off Lee to start the fifth	True
Long after being let go by the Twins , David Ortiz is still making them pay , hitting four home runs in the past two nights , Gordon Edes writes . Both of his home runs -- off Kevin Correia ( 1 - 5 ) in the third	True
Do n't tell that to the Twins . In 56 games against Minnesota , Ortiz has a career average of .351 ( 75 - for - 214 ) with 19 homers and 49 RBIs . After his second 400-foot home run of the night landed in the upper deck , even the Minnesota crowd could n't help but show its appreciation for Ortiz 's latest display of power . With the game practically already out of reach , the Twins ' fans could only politely stand and clap as the Red Sox slugger rounded the bases for the fourth time in two nights and put Boston up 6 - 1 in the fifth	True
After his second 400-foot home run of the night landed in the upper deck , even the Minnesota crowd could n't help but show its appreciation for Ortiz 's latest display of power . With the game practically already out of reach , the Twins ' fans could only politely stand and clap as the Red Sox slugger rounded the bases for the fourth time in two nights and put Boston up 6 - 1 in the fifth . The Twins finally retired him in the sixth	True
Ortiz , who also doubled in the first inning , moved into sole possession of third place on Boston 's all-time homers list ( 384 ) and recorded his 43rd career multihomer game , 41 of which have come with the Red Sox . Trevor Plouffe hit his second homer of the year for Minnesota , a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Trevor Plouffe hit his second homer of the year for Minnesota , a two - run shot in the ninth . Joe Mauer 's sacrifice fly in the third scored Eduardo Escobar . Minnesota added an unearned run in the eighth	False
Trevor Plouffe hit his second homer of the year for Minnesota , a two - run shot in the ninth . Joe Mauer 's sacrifice fly in the third scored Eduardo Escobar . Minnesota added an unearned run in the eighth after a throwing error by Burke Badenhop from the mound allowed Chris Parmelee to reach third	False
Joe Mauer 's sacrifice fly in the third scored Eduardo Escobar . Minnesota added an unearned run in the eighth after a throwing error by Burke Badenhop from the mound allowed Chris Parmelee to reach third . He eventually scored on Eduardo Nunez 's RBI single . Grady Sizemore had two hits and a pair of RBIs ; Dustin Pedroia , Will Middlebrooks and Napoli each drove in a run for Boston . A. J. Pierzynski added a two - run double in the ninth	False
Beckett had a rib removed last July in a surgery to alleviate a nerve condition that was affecting his right arm , limiting his season . He was 0 - 5 with a 5.19 ERA in eight outings . Miami lost its fifth	False
Turner is 0 - 10 in 17 career starts on the road with a 3.97 ERA . The game was scoreless until the Dodgers got five runs in the sixth	True
Adrian Gonzalez followed with an RBI double , Matt Kemp singled home a run and Justin Turner hit a sacrifice fly . Beckett may have lost his edge after the Dodgers batted around . He gave up a leadoff double in the seventh	True
Justin Smoak homered to cap an eight - run burst in the seventh inning , leading Hisashi Iwakuma and the Mariners over the Houston Astros 9 - 8 Saturday night . Given a 2 - 1 lead , Dallas Keuchel ( 2 - 2 ) left after walking the first three batters of the seventh	True
Given a 2 - 1 lead , Dallas Keuchel ( 2 - 2 ) left after walking the first three batters of the seventh . Jose Cisneros forced in the run that made it 2 - 2 when he walked Mike Zunino , and Mchael Saunders followed with a two - run double . Stefen Romero and Robinson Cano added RBI singles , Kyle Seager doubled in run and Smoak 's two - run homer off Raul Valdes made it 9 - 2 . The inning was Seattle 's highest-scoring since getting eight in the second	True
Stefen Romero and Robinson Cano added RBI singles , Kyle Seager doubled in run and Smoak 's two - run homer off Raul Valdes made it 9 - 2 . The inning was Seattle 's highest-scoring since getting eight in the second at Texas on May 30 , 2012 . McClendon was ejected in the seventh	True
Iwakuma ( 1 - 0 ) made his first appearance after starting the season on the disabled list because of a sprained right middle finger . He allowed four runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings ; the Astros stopped his consecutive scoreless innings streak at 25 dating to last year . Fernando Rodney escaped a bases-loaded jam in the eighth	True
Fernando Rodney escaped a bases-loaded jam in the eighth and finished for his seventh save . Keuchel allowed four runs and four hits with three strikeouts , leaving after walking the bases loaded with no outs in the seventh	True
Keuchel allowed four runs and four hits with three strikeouts , leaving after walking the bases loaded with no outs in the seventh . Keuchel took a two - out shutout into the fifth	True
Keuchel allowed four runs and four hits with three strikeouts , leaving after walking the bases loaded with no outs in the seventh . Keuchel took a two - out shutout into the fifth , then gave up an RBI single in the sixth	True
Keuchel took a two - out shutout into the fifth , then gave up an RBI single in the sixth that closed the Mariners to 2 - 1 . Jonathan Villar and Chris Carter each homered in Houston 's four - run seventh	True
Jonathan Villar and Chris Carter each homered in Houston 's four - run seventh as the Astros dropped to 10 - 20 . Carter also tripled and Marwin Gonzalez had three hits . Carter hit an RBI triple to the center-field hill in the eighth	True
As if that was n't bad enough , the Royals also lost All-Star catcher Salvador Perez when he fouled a pitch off his shin in the seventh inning . He was listed as day to day with a bruise . Shields first got into trouble in the second	True
As if that was n't bad enough , the Royals also lost All-Star catcher Salvador Perez when he fouled a pitch off his shin in the seventh inning . He was listed as day to day with a bruise . Shields first got into trouble in the second , when he loaded the bases but escaped the jam unscathed . But things only got worse in the third	True
They never gave it back the rest of the game . J. D. Martinez kept the onslaught going when he led off the fourth	True
They never gave it back the rest of the game . J. D. Martinez kept the onslaught going when he led off the fourth with a double , and Avila followed by hitting the first pitch of his at-bat for his first homer of the season . Detroit added another run later in the inning when Andrew Romine reached third	False
J. D. Martinez kept the onslaught going when he led off the fourth with a double , and Avila followed by hitting the first pitch of his at-bat for his first homer of the season . Detroit added another run later in the inning when Andrew Romine reached third on an error by the Royals ' Mike Moustakas , and then scored on a double-play groundout . Butler provided the only bright spot the rest of the way for Kansas City , guiding a line drive over the fence in left field for his first homer of the season -- and the first	False
Butler provided the only bright spot the rest of the way for Kansas City , guiding a line drive over the fence in left field for his first homer of the season -- and the first by any hitter batting in the cleanup spot in the Royals lineup . Shields was finally pulled in the seventh	True
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Pirates fared a lot better facing Bartolo Colon for the second time this season . About a month after they were held scoreless into the eighth	True
About a month after they were held scoreless into the eighth by the Colon , Ike Davis and the Pirates built an early five - run lead against the heavy right-hander and held on for a 5 - 2 win Sunday . The biggest swings on Colon 's pitches over the plate were a two - run single in a three - run first	True
The biggest swings on Colon 's pitches over the plate were a two - run single in a three - run first from Davis , a former Met , and Pedro Alvarez 's two - run homer and an RBI double . Josh Harrison led off the fourth	True
Pirates starter Edinson Volquez ( 6 - 6 ) worked in and out of trouble , giving up eight hits and a walk in six shutout innings . He struck out a season-high seven as the Pirates took three of four from the Mets . New York had plenty of chances to score off Volquez , stranding 11 on base , including seven in scoring position . The Mets had men on base in every inning except the eighth	True
New York had plenty of chances to score off Volquez , stranding 11 on base , including seven in scoring position . The Mets had men on base in every inning except the eighth . Despite the ups and downs , Hurdle thought Volquez 's outing was fun to watch with the way he navigated through treacherous situations . It was especially fun for Hurdle in the third	True
New York had plenty of chances to score off Volquez , stranding 11 on base , including seven in scoring position . The Mets had men on base in every inning except the eighth . Despite the ups and downs , Hurdle thought Volquez 's outing was fun to watch with the way he navigated through treacherous situations . It was especially fun for Hurdle in the third , fourth	True
Left-handers Justin Wilson and Tony Watson each worked a scoreless inning in relief of Volquez . The Mets scored twice in the ninth	True
Tanaka , however , preferred to throw a fastball . Napoli lined it the opposite way , into the first row of seats in right field . Napoli , who also homered off Tanaka at Fenway Park in late April , raised his right arm as he rounded first base and clapped his hands as he headed for second	False
The Red Sox won for just the third time in nine games . The victory made the defending World Series champions 37 - 44 at the midpoint of the season -- it 's the first time since 1997 that Boston has been under .500 at the halfway mark . Lester ( 9 - 7 ) held the Yankees hitless until the sixth	True
Lester ( 9 - 7 ) held the Yankees hitless until the sixth . He gave up an unearned run and five hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking two . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect ninth	True
Napoli did his part , too , tagging Tanaka . An odd sequence ended the Yankees ' eighth	True
Napoli did his part , too , tagging Tanaka . An odd sequence ended the Yankees ' eighth . Jacoby Ellsbury tried to steal second	False
Napoli did his part , too , tagging Tanaka . An odd sequence ended the Yankees ' eighth . Jacoby Ellsbury tried to steal second with two outs , and the fans cheered when catcher David Ross ' throw skipped into center field . As Ellsbury headed toward third	False
Earlier in the inning , second baseman Dustin Pedroia made a nifty pickup and glove flip to start a double play on Derek Jeter . Ross homered in his second straight game , launching a drive far over the left-field fence in the third	True
Ross homered in his second straight game , launching a drive far over the left-field fence in the third . Tanaka muttered to himself as Ross rounded the bases . Lester , who threw a no-hitter against Kansas City in 2008 , held the Yankees hitless until Brett Gardner bounced a leadoff single up the middle in the sixth	True
Lester , who threw a no-hitter against Kansas City in 2008 , held the Yankees hitless until Brett Gardner bounced a leadoff single up the middle in the sixth . Lester 's bid was extended with two outs in the fifth	True
Pedroia opened the next inning with a single and tried to test the arm of Ellsbury , his former teammate . The Yankees center fielder made an accurate throw and Pedroia was called safe , but he was ruled out after New York challenged the umpire 's decision . The Yankees scored in the third	True
The Indians jumped on Mariners starter Roenis Elias ( 7 - 6 ) for a pair of runs in the first inning . Asdrubal Cabrera doubled and scored on a single from Michael Brantley . Brantley advanced to second	False
Brantley advanced to second on the throw home and scored on a double by Carlos Santana to give the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . Mike Aviles singled with one out in the fifth	True
Brantley advanced to second on the throw home and scored on a double by Carlos Santana to give the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . Mike Aviles singled with one out in the fifth and came around to score on Michael Bourn 's double . A balk by Elias moved Bourn to third	False
Meanwhile , the Mariners could n't solve Tomlin . He retired the first 12 batters he faced with some help from right fielder Ryan Raburn . He tracked down a deep line drive from Seager with a diving grab on the warning track in the second inning . Seager singled to lead off the fifth	True
Meanwhile , the Mariners could n't solve Tomlin . He retired the first 12 batters he faced with some help from right fielder Ryan Raburn . He tracked down a deep line drive from Seager with a diving grab on the warning track in the second inning . Seager singled to lead off the fifth and took second	False
Meanwhile , the Mariners could n't solve Tomlin . He retired the first 12 batters he faced with some help from right fielder Ryan Raburn . He tracked down a deep line drive from Seager with a diving grab on the warning track in the second inning . Seager singled to lead off the fifth and took second on a wild pitch and advanced to third	False
Altuve had four hits , an RBI and two steals , including one of home , in Houston 's 4 - 3 win in 11 innings over Detroit that snapped the Tigers ' seven - game winning streak . Castro launched a pitch from Blaine Hardy ( 0 - 1 ) into the seats in right field with one out in the 11th	True
Castro launched a pitch from Blaine Hardy ( 0 - 1 ) into the seats in right field with one out in the 11th to give Houston the victory . The Tigers tied it when Eugenio Suarez scored on an error in the eighth inning . Jake Buchanan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Altuve had his MLB-leading 33rd multihit game of the season . He leads baseball with 111 hits and the AL with 32 stolen bases . Altuve scored a run in the first	True
Altuve had his MLB-leading 33rd multihit game of the season . He leads baseball with 111 hits and the AL with 32 stolen bases . Altuve scored a run in the first and tied it up with a RBI double in the fifth	True
Altuve left before reporters were allowed in the clubhouse after the game and was n't available for comment . First baseman Jon Singleton let a foul ball hit by Suarez drop for an error with no outs in the eighth inning . Suarez then drew a walk and reached second	False
Altuve left before reporters were allowed in the clubhouse after the game and was n't available for comment . First baseman Jon Singleton let a foul ball hit by Suarez drop for an error with no outs in the eighth inning . Suarez then drew a walk and reached second on a groundout by Torii Hunter for the second	False
Jonathan Villar 's error on a ball hit by Miguel Cabrera allowed him to reach and Suarez to score to tie it at 3 - 3 . Nick Castellanos had a solo homer to give the Tigers the lead in the fourth inning and Ian Kinsler had three hits for his sixth straight multi-hit game , a career-high . He 's second	False
J. D. Martinez , who spent three seasons with the Astros before they released him in March , had two hits to snap his 14-game hitting streak a day after going 0 for 4 . L. J. Hoes singled to start Houston 's fifth	True
J. D. Martinez , who spent three seasons with the Astros before they released him in March , had two hits to snap his 14-game hitting streak a day after going 0 for 4 . L. J. Hoes singled to start Houston 's fifth and took second	False
J. D. Martinez , who spent three seasons with the Astros before they released him in March , had two hits to snap his 14-game hitting streak a day after going 0 for 4 . L. J. Hoes singled to start Houston 's fifth and took second on a throwing error by Justin Verlander on a pickoff attempt . Hoes reached third	False
L. J. Hoes singled to start Houston 's fifth and took second on a throwing error by Justin Verlander on a pickoff attempt . Hoes reached third on a sacrifice bunt by Villar . Then Altuve went to work . His 24th double of the season scored Hoes to tie it 2 - 2 . George Springer singled and Altuve moved to third	False
L. J. Hoes singled to start Houston 's fifth and took second on a throwing error by Justin Verlander on a pickoff attempt . Hoes reached third on a sacrifice bunt by Villar . Then Altuve went to work . His 24th double of the season scored Hoes to tie it 2 - 2 . George Springer singled and Altuve moved to third before Verlander tried to pickoff Springer at first	False
Altuve broke on the throw and stole home , sliding under the attempted tag by Alex Avila to put the Astros on top 3 - 2 . Martinez singled to start the second inning and advanced to second	False
Martinez singled to start the second inning and advanced to second on a passed ball . He scored on a single by Avila with two outs to tie it at 1 - 1 . But Avila was thrown out trying to stretch the hit into a double to end the inning . Altuve led off the game with a single and stole second base . He advanced to third	False
The Marlins have won two of the first three in the four - game set . They had lost eight of their previous nine games in Philadelphia before this series . Steve Cishek struck out the side in the ninth	True
Miami improved to .500 at 39 - 39 and trails NL East-leading Washington by only 2 1/2 games . The Marlins had runners on first	False
Miami improved to .500 at 39 - 39 and trails NL East-leading Washington by only 2 1/2 games . The Marlins had runners on first and second	False
Miami improved to .500 at 39 - 39 and trails NL East-leading Washington by only 2 1/2 games . The Marlins had runners on first and second with two outs in the fourth	True
Brown , an All-Star last year when he led the Phillies with 27 homers , has played shaky defense . He is hitting just .217 with five homers . The Phillies scored an unearned run in the fifth	True
Alvarez has allowed just four earned runs in his last seven starts . He started his turnaround against the Phillies on May 22 when he tossed four - hit ball over seven innings . Alvarez pitched out of a jam in the second	True
Alvarez has allowed just four earned runs in his last seven starts . He started his turnaround against the Phillies on May 22 when he tossed four - hit ball over seven innings . Alvarez pitched out of a jam in the second . He struck out Brown with one out and runners on first	False
Alvarez has allowed just four earned runs in his last seven starts . He started his turnaround against the Phillies on May 22 when he tossed four - hit ball over seven innings . Alvarez pitched out of a jam in the second . He struck out Brown with one out and runners on first and third	False
Alvarez has allowed just four earned runs in his last seven starts . He started his turnaround against the Phillies on May 22 when he tossed four - hit ball over seven innings . Alvarez pitched out of a jam in the second . He struck out Brown with one out and runners on first and third . He then retired Burnett on a bouncer to third	False
Marlon Byrd hit a two - run homer and David Buchanan threw five effective innings to help the Phillies snap a three - game losing streak . Buchanan ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits . The rookie right-hander struck out Marcell Ozuna on a 3 - 2 changeup with two runners on and two outs in the fifth	True
Buchanan ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits . The rookie right-hander struck out Marcell Ozuna on a 3 - 2 changeup with two runners on and two outs in the fifth , preserving a 4 - 2 lead . He pumped his fist and shouted as he walked off the mound . Miami 's Garrett Jones hit a two - run homer off B. J. Rosenberg in the eighth	True
Buchanan ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits . The rookie right-hander struck out Marcell Ozuna on a 3 - 2 changeup with two runners on and two outs in the fifth , preserving a 4 - 2 lead . He pumped his fist and shouted as he walked off the mound . Miami 's Garrett Jones hit a two - run homer off B. J. Rosenberg in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon tossed a scoreless ninth	True
After Ryan Howard struck out , Byrd hit a 419-foot shot out to left-center to make it 3 - 0 . Cody Asche lined a two - run double in the sixth	True
Rollins finished 2 for 2 and also walked . It was his first multi-hit game since May 30 , even though he 's hit safely in 20 of his last 22 games , including a 15-game hitting streak . The Marlins got a run in the second	True
Rollins finished 2 for 2 and also walked . It was his first multi-hit game since May 30 , even though he 's hit safely in 20 of his last 22 games , including a 15-game hitting streak . The Marlins got a run in the second when Utley dropped Ed Lucas ' infield fly with the bases loaded , allowing Saltalamacchia to score from third	False
Rollins finished 2 for 2 and also walked . It was his first multi-hit game since May 30 , even though he 's hit safely in 20 of his last 22 games , including a 15-game hitting streak . The Marlins got a run in the second when Utley dropped Ed Lucas ' infield fly with the bases loaded , allowing Saltalamacchia to score from third . Utley dropped another pop-up in the eighth	True
The Marlins got a run in the second when Utley dropped Ed Lucas ' infield fly with the bases loaded , allowing Saltalamacchia to score from third . Utley dropped another pop-up in the eighth , but it turned into a fielder 's choice . Ben Revere hit a triple and scored on a wild pitch to give the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead in the second	True
Ben Revere hit a triple and scored on a wild pitch to give the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead in the second . After Giancarlo Stanton 's second double of the game put runners on second	False
Ben Revere hit a triple and scored on a wild pitch to give the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead in the second . After Giancarlo Stanton 's second double of the game put runners on second and third	False
Ben Revere hit a triple and scored on a wild pitch to give the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead in the second . After Giancarlo Stanton 's second double of the game put runners on second and third in the fifth	True
Especially for Gonzalez ( 4 - 4 ) , who walked four and struck out five in six innings . It was an encouraging outing in his second start following a monthlong stint on the disabled list for left shoulder inflammation . Gonzalez outdueled Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) , who struck out seven in seven innings but allowed LaRoche 's homer to straightaway center in the third	True
Especially for Gonzalez ( 4 - 4 ) , who walked four and struck out five in six innings . It was an encouraging outing in his second start following a monthlong stint on the disabled list for left shoulder inflammation . Gonzalez outdueled Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) , who struck out seven in seven innings but allowed LaRoche 's homer to straightaway center in the third . Tyler Clippard struck out the side in the ninth	True
Gonzalez outdueled Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) , who struck out seven in seven innings but allowed LaRoche 's homer to straightaway center in the third . Tyler Clippard struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . Clippard opened the ninth	True
Clippard opened the ninth by getting Gomez swinging . He finished 0 for 4 , snapping a 35-game streak of reaching base and a career-best 18-game hitting streak . Gomez contemplated dropping a bunt in the ninth	True
Not his style in that situation , though . Could have used bright spot on Monday , too . But he flied out to left with two outs and the bases loaded to end the third	True
Could have used bright spot on Monday , too . But he flied out to left with two outs and the bases loaded to end the third , the Brewers ' best chance to break through at the plate . Gonzalez left after throwing a season-high 114 pitches , his night ending after getting Khris Davis to ground into a 6 - 4 - 4 double play following a walk to Aramis Ramirez with one out in the sixth	True
The lanky left-hander pitched into the ninth inning in a dominant performance , leading the San Francisco Giants to a 4 - 1 victory against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Sunday . When Bumgarner took the mound for the ninth	True
Sergio Romo gave up Martin Prado 's RBI single but got his second save in two nights and his 22nd in 26 opportunities overall . Cody Ross got Arizona 's first hit when he reached on a dribbler to the left of the mound in the second	True
San Francisco won two in a row against Arizona after losing six straight . It was the third victory in the last 12 games for the NL West-leading Giants , who play the next 10 at home . San Francisco led 1 - 0 through eight innings . The run scored when Tyler Colvin doubled home Brandon Crawford from first	False
San Francisco led 1 - 0 through eight innings . The run scored when Tyler Colvin doubled home Brandon Crawford from first in the fifth inning . Colvin was out trying to stretch it to a triple on a superb relay throw by shortstop Didi Gregorius . San Francisco tagged on three in the ninth	True
San Francisco tagged on three in the ninth , including Joe Panik 's run-scoring double for his first career RBI in his first major league start . Buster Posey also doubled home a run and Crawford had an RBI single . In the Arizona ninth	True
After squandering a ninth-inning lead in Friday night 's loss , Baltimore outhomered the Yankees 6 - 1 and outscored them 14 - 1 in the final two games of the series . New York slugger Mark Teixeira left in the eighth	True
After squandering a ninth-inning lead in Friday night 's loss , Baltimore outhomered the Yankees 6 - 1 and outscored them 14 - 1 in the final two games of the series . New York slugger Mark Teixeira left in the eighth after getting hit on the toes of his left foot by an 85 mph slider from T. J. McFarland . Teixeira hobbled toward first	False
His only other defeat came on May 20 against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field . Then he went 5 - 0 with a 1.26 ERA in his next five starts before Sunday . Hardy hit a bases-loaded double in a four - run eighth	True
Hardy hit a bases-loaded double in a four - run eighth against Adam Warren after a disputed call went against the Yankees . Manny Machado chopped an RBI single , and Joseph homered in the ninth	True
The 28-year-old catcher got the souvenir ball back , and said he was told it was Derek Jeter who went to the ball boy and made sure of it . Schoop homered to left on a 2 - 2 pitch in the second	True
Schoop homered to left on a 2 - 2 pitch in the second , making the 22-year-old infielder from Curacao the only big league player to go deep twice against Tanaka . Schoop also connected for a three - run shot at Yankee Stadium on April 9 , when Tanaka ended up with a no-decision in Baltimore 's 5 - 4 victory . Hardy singled to start the seventh	True
Schoop homered to left on a 2 - 2 pitch in the second , making the 22-year-old infielder from Curacao the only big league player to go deep twice against Tanaka . Schoop also connected for a three - run shot at Yankee Stadium on April 9 , when Tanaka ended up with a no-decision in Baltimore 's 5 - 4 victory . Hardy singled to start the seventh and went to third	False
A day after losing to Arizona on a walkoff hit , the Brewers beat the Diamondbacks for the third time in four games behind Gallardo ( 5 - 4 ) . The right-hander entered the game with a 1.93 ERA against the Diamondbacks and lowered it by holding them to a run over seven innings . He improved to 7 - 0 in 10 career starts against Arizona and earned his 86th career win , tying Ben Sheets for fifth	False
Gallardo did most of the heavy lifting . Coming off two solid starts , he retired the first 10 batters he faced until Chris Owings blooped a single to right in the fourth inning . Owings reached third	False
Lyle Overbay followed with a run-scoring double and Elian Herrera added an RBI single to put Milwaukee up 2 - 0 . Ramirez made it 3 - 1 with a run-scoring single in the sixth	True
Lyle Overbay followed with a run-scoring double and Elian Herrera added an RBI single to put Milwaukee up 2 - 0 . Ramirez made it 3 - 1 with a run-scoring single in the sixth after Jean Segura wound up on second	False
Anderson allowed two earned runs on five hits and struck out five in six innings . He 's allowed two earned runs or less in six of seven starts . Gomez struck out three times before hitting a run-scoring single in the eighth	True
Zimmerman , who came in 9 for 50 since coming off the disabled list , added two doubles and two RBIs . Tanner Roark ( 6 - 4 ) pitched five innings in winning his third straight start . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	True
Houston 's Jose Altuve returned to the lineup , going 4 for 5 with two doubles and two RBIs . He was limited to one pinch-hitting appearance in the last three games after being hit on the right hand by a pitch . Houston trailed 6 - 1 before scoring four in the eighth	True
Houston has lost three of four overall and 11 of its last 12 against Washington . Roark gave up seven hits and walked two , but minimized the damage when the Astros loaded the bases on three singles leading off the fourth	True
Washington scored four in the first three innings . Denard Span broke a 0 for 18 skid when he opened the first	True
Denard Span broke a 0 for 18 skid when he opened the first with an infield hit . He scored on Rendon 's double . With one out , Zimmerman doubled to drive in Rendon and make it 2 - 0 . The Nationals doubled their lead in the third	True
The Nationals doubled their lead in the third when Zimmerman doubled home Jayson Werth and scored on a single by Ian Desmond . Rendon made it 6 - 1 when he doubled in two runs off reliever Kyle Farnsworth in the sixth	True
Michael Choice and Robinson Chirinos also homered , and Adrian Beltre drove in three runs to lead the Rangers to their fourth straight win at the Coliseum . Texas swept a three - game series in Oakland in April . The Rangers , who began the night eight games behind the division-leading A 's , nearly let the game slip away . They led 11 - 3 before Oakland scored four times in the sixth	True
Michael Choice and Robinson Chirinos also homered , and Adrian Beltre drove in three runs to lead the Rangers to their fourth straight win at the Coliseum . Texas swept a three - game series in Oakland in April . The Rangers , who began the night eight games behind the division-leading A 's , nearly let the game slip away . They led 11 - 3 before Oakland scored four times in the sixth and once in the eighth	True
The Rangers , who began the night eight games behind the division-leading A 's , nearly let the game slip away . They led 11 - 3 before Oakland scored four times in the sixth and once in the eighth . Murphy , who hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Rangers , who began the night eight games behind the division-leading A 's , nearly let the game slip away . They led 11 - 3 before Oakland scored four times in the sixth and once in the eighth . Murphy , who hit a two - run homer in the fourth , helped seal the victory with a solo shot in the ninth	True
Coco Crisp got the A 's going early when he doubled past diving Texas center fielder Dan Robertson and scored on John Jaso 's single . Cespedes added a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Texas tied it on Chirinos ' two - run single off Oakland starter Drew Pomeranz in the second	True
Coco Crisp got the A 's going early when he doubled past diving Texas center fielder Dan Robertson and scored on John Jaso 's single . Cespedes added a sacrifice fly to make it 2 - 0 . Texas tied it on Chirinos ' two - run single off Oakland starter Drew Pomeranz in the second , then broke the game open with a six - run fourth	True
Texas tied it on Chirinos ' two - run single off Oakland starter Drew Pomeranz in the second , then broke the game open with a six - run fourth . Murphy hit a two - run home run , Robertson added an RBI single and Rougned Odor scored on a fielder 's choice to chase Pomeranz . Beltre 's two - run double off reliever Ryan Cook made it 8 - 2 . Beltre added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Lewis and five Texas relievers made the lead hold up . The A 's , who scored twice in the first	True
Lewis and five Texas relievers made the lead hold up . The A 's , who scored twice in the first , pulled to 10 - 3 on Moss ' towering solo home run in the fifth	True
The A 's , who scored twice in the first , pulled to 10 - 3 on Moss ' towering solo home run in the fifth . Lewis left after giving up back-to-back doubles to Alberto Callaspo and Crisp in the sixth	True
Lewis left after giving up back-to-back doubles to Alberto Callaspo and Crisp in the sixth . Pinch hitter Kyle Blanks drew a walk off reliever Robbie Ross Jr. before Cespedes hit his 13th home run to cut the gap to 11 - 7 . Murphy and Chirinos hit back-to-back home runs off Fernando Abad in the ninth	False
Called on to bat for reliever Carlos Villanueva ( 3 - 5 ) , Wood hit a sharp groundball off Jacob Turner ( 2 - 5 ) down the left field line , scoring Junior Lake for the go-ahead run . Wood was pressed into action as available players dwindled . Cubs manager Rick Renteria used lefties Chris Coghlan and Nate Schierholtz in the seventh	True
Wood was pressed into action as available players dwindled . Cubs manager Rick Renteria used lefties Chris Coghlan and Nate Schierholtz in the seventh and 10th innings , respectively . By the 13th	True
After the Marlins were unable to turn a double play on pitcher Justin Hammel 's bunt , Luis Valbuena and Justin Ruggiano followed with singles . Hammel ended Koehler 's shutout when he scored on a groundout by Anthony Rizzo . Castro then gave Chicago a 4 - 3 lead with a three - run homer , his 10th	False
Koehler , who gave up five hits and struck out five , failed to get beyond the sixth inning for the third time in his last four starts . The Marlins responded in the bottom half of the sixth	True
Giancarlo Stanton put the Marlins on the board in the first inning with his 19th home run , a two - run line drive that just cleared the right field wall . Miami padded its lead in the third	True
Miami padded its lead in the third when Stanton scored on Casey McGehee 's single to right . The Marlins failed to convert with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
SEATTLE -- With two strikes on him and two outs in the ninth inning of a tie game , Leonys Martin kept his plan simple . Martin slapped a single just past the glove of a diving Kyle Seager at third base , scoring Luis Sardinas from second	False
Martin slapped a single just past the glove of a diving Kyle Seager at third base , scoring Luis Sardinas from second with the go-ahead run and the Rangers held on for a 4 - 3 win over Seattle on Saturday night , extending the Mariners ' losing streak to five games . Luis Sardinas singled off Fernando Rodney ( 1 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth	True
Martin slapped a single just past the glove of a diving Kyle Seager at third base , scoring Luis Sardinas from second with the go-ahead run and the Rangers held on for a 4 - 3 win over Seattle on Saturday night , extending the Mariners ' losing streak to five games . Luis Sardinas singled off Fernando Rodney ( 1 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth and moved to second	False
Luis Sardinas singled off Fernando Rodney ( 1 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth and moved to second on a groundout . Martin , who reached base three times as manager Ron Washington 's latest test in the leadoff spot , followed with the game-winning hit , which scored Sardinas without a play at the plate . Despite allowing an inherited runner to score after allowing a bases-loaded RBI single to Robinson Cano in the seventh	True
Luis Sardinas singled off Fernando Rodney ( 1 - 3 ) with one out in the ninth and moved to second on a groundout . Martin , who reached base three times as manager Ron Washington 's latest test in the leadoff spot , followed with the game-winning hit , which scored Sardinas without a play at the plate . Despite allowing an inherited runner to score after allowing a bases-loaded RBI single to Robinson Cano in the seventh , Neal Cotts ( 2 - 3 ) limited the damage and earned the win with 1 2/3 innings of four - strikeout relief . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
The late run spoiled a win for Texas starter Joe Saunders , who was in line for his first victory of the season in his fourth start after coming off the disabled list . Saunders allowed two runs in six innings . The Rangers had to rally early in the game after falling behind 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
The late run spoiled a win for Texas starter Joe Saunders , who was in line for his first victory of the season in his fourth start after coming off the disabled list . Saunders allowed two runs in six innings . The Rangers had to rally early in the game after falling behind 1 - 0 in the fifth . Shin-Soo Choo singled off reliever Danny Farquhar to open the sixth	True
Farquhar came on for Erasmo Ramirez , who had skirted danger in five scoreless innings . Ramirez allowed just three hits , but struggled with his command and walked four . The right-hander allowed seven baserunners and threw 89 pitches . The Mariners took the lead in the fifth	True
Farquhar came on for Erasmo Ramirez , who had skirted danger in five scoreless innings . Ramirez allowed just three hits , but struggled with his command and walked four . The right-hander allowed seven baserunners and threw 89 pitches . The Mariners took the lead in the fifth when Stefen Romero hit a sacrifice fly to left to score John Buck from third	False
Farquhar came on for Erasmo Ramirez , who had skirted danger in five scoreless innings . Ramirez allowed just three hits , but struggled with his command and walked four . The right-hander allowed seven baserunners and threw 89 pitches . The Mariners took the lead in the fifth when Stefen Romero hit a sacrifice fly to left to score John Buck from third . Buck led off the frame with a single and moved to third	False
The Mariners took the lead in the fifth when Stefen Romero hit a sacrifice fly to left to score John Buck from third . Buck led off the frame with a single and moved to third when Seager followed with a base hit . The run snapped a 13-inning scoreless streak for the Mariners . Seattle added a run in the sixth	True
The Mariners took the lead in the fifth when Stefen Romero hit a sacrifice fly to left to score John Buck from third . Buck led off the frame with a single and moved to third when Seager followed with a base hit . The run snapped a 13-inning scoreless streak for the Mariners . Seattle added a run in the sixth when Buck scored Cano from second	False
After the final out , some fans lingered near TVs inside the ballpark to keep watching . In the end , the Rangers lost in double overtime . The 41-year-old Colon had uncharacteristic trouble with his command at the start . He walked his first batter and gave up Yonder Alonso 's leadoff single in the second	True
The home run gave Cashner an uncommon 2 - 0 lead -- the Padres had scored only once in his previous 33 innings . Colon , however , quickly regrouped and retired his next 18 batters until Alexi Amarista opened the eighth	True
Vic Black retired cleanup man Carlos Quentin with the bases loaded to end the inning . Batting fourth	False
Vic Black retired cleanup man Carlos Quentin with the bases loaded to end the inning . Batting fourth in place of Curtis Granderson ( calf ) , the 40-year-old Abreu hit a leadoff double in the second	True
Batting fourth in place of Curtis Granderson ( calf ) , the 40-year-old Abreu hit a leadoff double in the second and scored on Taylor Teagarden 's two - out single . He singled in the fourth	True
He singled in the fourth and Lucas Duda tied it 2-all on a two - out double just beyond the reach of diving center fielder Will Venable . Matt den Dekker blooped a ground-rule double that put New York ahead . Abreu added RBI singles in the fifth	True
He singled in the fourth and Lucas Duda tied it 2-all on a two - out double just beyond the reach of diving center fielder Will Venable . Matt den Dekker blooped a ground-rule double that put New York ahead . Abreu added RBI singles in the fifth and seventh	True
He singled in the fourth and Lucas Duda tied it 2-all on a two - out double just beyond the reach of diving center fielder Will Venable . Matt den Dekker blooped a ground-rule double that put New York ahead . Abreu added RBI singles in the fifth and seventh . Slumping star David Wright had a long sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Lucroy doubled twice and drove in a run , raising his batting average to .341 . Carlos Gomez and Jean Segura each had an RBI as the NL Central leaders wore down Jacob deGrom ( 0 - 3 ) , still looking for his first career win after six mostly solid starts . The shaggy-haired rookie was lifted in the sixth	True
The shaggy-haired rookie was lifted in the sixth after throwing 80 strikes in 107 pitches . But he got little help from his teammates as New York lost for the seventh time in eight games . Collins made it halfway through the latest defeat , ejected in the fifth	True
It was the second time Peralta has shut down the Mets . He beat them 3 - 0 with eight innings of two - hit ball at Miller Park on Sept. 16 , 2012 . Will Smith worked a scoreless eighth	True
In his second game since moving into the leadoff spot , Scooter Gennett gave the Brewers a pair of pesky at-bats that paid off . He saw a total of 16 pitches during his first two trips to the plate and got a hit both times . After a double to start the third	True
He saw a total of 16 pitches during his first two trips to the plate and got a hit both times . After a double to start the third , he scored on a groundout by Lucroy . With the score tied in the fourth	True
With the score tied in the fourth , Mets left fielder Curtis Granderson misplayed Aramis Ramirez 's leadoff double . Segura tried to squeeze home a run with one out , but bunted foul . On the next pitch , he lined an RBI single to snap a 2 - for - 28 skid . Lucroy 's fifth-inning double sent Ryan Braun to third	False
Lucroy 's fifth-inning double sent Ryan Braun to third . He scored on Gomez 's infield single to make it 3 - 1 . Taylor Teagarden was called out on a bang-bang play at first	False
It was Collins ' first ejection this season . Managers are not allowed to argue replay rulings . Lucas Duda 's sacrifice fly put the Mets ahead in the second	True
DENVER -- Tyler Matzek was nervous and wild in his bullpen session before his first major league start . When he took the mound he was nearly unhittable . Matzek pitched two - hit ball for the first seven innings of his big league debut before faltering in the eighth	True
Matzek pitched two - hit ball for the first seven innings of his big league debut before faltering in the eighth , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 2 on Wednesday night . The left-hander retired the first 13 hitters and 21 of 23 before allowing three straight singles to start the eighth	True
Matzek ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs on five hits and struck out seven in seven - plus innings . He also had his first hit and run scored . The Rockies had lost 11 of 12 . He is the third Colorado pitcher in the last six days to make his debut and the first	False
It was what the Rockies needed after they had lost 15 of 18 . They broke out against Braves starter Julio Teheran , who had blanked them over six innings in Atlanta on May 25 . Teheran ( 6 - 4 ) entered Wednesday with a 1.89 ERA , best in the majors , but Colorado scored three in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki and Justin Morneau had three hits each for Colorado . Matzek breezed through the first four innings on 39 pitches . Atlanta hit three balls hard , including a line drive by Teheran snared by Morneau to end the third	True
Matzek breezed through the first four innings on 39 pitches . Atlanta hit three balls hard , including a line drive by Teheran snared by Morneau to end the third . Morneau could n't come down with Justin Upton 's single with one out in the fifth	True
Johnson , Tommy La Stella and Andrelton Simmons singled to start the eight and make it 8 - 1.Franklin Morales came on and gave up a two - out RBI single to B. J. Upton before getting Freddie Freeman to fly out . Matzek received another ovation as he walked to the dugout when Weiss pulled him in the eighth	True
Matzek received another ovation as he walked to the dugout when Weiss pulled him in the eighth . The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Tulowitzki scored on a sacrifice fly by Stubbs . Josh Rutledge scored from third	False
The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Tulowitzki scored on a sacrifice fly by Stubbs . Josh Rutledge scored from third when Tulowitzki , who singled , was caught in a rundown between first	False
The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Tulowitzki scored on a sacrifice fly by Stubbs . Josh Rutledge scored from third when Tulowitzki , who singled , was caught in a rundown between first and second	False
The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Tulowitzki scored on a sacrifice fly by Stubbs . Josh Rutledge scored from third when Tulowitzki , who singled , was caught in a rundown between first and second in the fifth	True
The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Tulowitzki scored on a sacrifice fly by Stubbs . Josh Rutledge scored from third when Tulowitzki , who singled , was caught in a rundown between first and second in the fifth . Stubbs and Dickerson led off the sixth	False
Josh Rutledge scored from third when Tulowitzki , who singled , was caught in a rundown between first and second in the fifth . Stubbs and Dickerson led off the sixth with consecutive doubles to give Colorado a 6 - 0 lead . Tulowitzki and Morneau had RBI singles in the seventh	False
Blanco gave Angel Pagan a day off in center field . Hector Sanchez started at catcher for All-Star Buster Posey . Offseason addition Michael Morse played first base for Brandon Belt , who is on the disabled list with a broken left thumb . And Brandon Hicks started at second base , as he has most of the season for the injured Marco Scutaro . Morse , Hicks and Brandon Crawford each drove in a run for the Giants , who chased Zack Wheeler in the fourth	True
The Giants overcame deficits against the mistake-prone Mets in all three games . Following the pattern that played out all weekend , Granderson drove a 3 - 0 pitch over the wall in center to give New York a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants overcame deficits against the mistake-prone Mets in all three games . Following the pattern that played out all weekend , Granderson drove a 3 - 0 pitch over the wall in center to give New York a 2 - 0 lead in the first . He hit his eighth homer of the season in the sixth	True
The Giants overcame deficits against the mistake-prone Mets in all three games . Following the pattern that played out all weekend , Granderson drove a 3 - 0 pitch over the wall in center to give New York a 2 - 0 lead in the first . He hit his eighth homer of the season in the sixth and doubled in the eighth	True
Following the pattern that played out all weekend , Granderson drove a 3 - 0 pitch over the wall in center to give New York a 2 - 0 lead in the first . He hit his eighth homer of the season in the sixth and doubled in the eighth . The Mets might have scored more if Matt den Dekker had not been caught stealing third	False
Following the pattern that played out all weekend , Granderson drove a 3 - 0 pitch over the wall in center to give New York a 2 - 0 lead in the first . He hit his eighth homer of the season in the sixth and doubled in the eighth . The Mets might have scored more if Matt den Dekker had not been caught stealing third in the first	True
The Mets might have scored more if Matt den Dekker had not been caught stealing third in the first . Blanco 's two - run double capped a three - run second	True
The Mets might have scored more if Matt den Dekker had not been caught stealing third in the first . Blanco 's two - run double capped a three - run second for the Giants . Morse drove in another run to give San Francisco a 4 - 2 lead when he grounded into a double play in the third	True
Blanco 's two - run double capped a three - run second for the Giants . Morse drove in another run to give San Francisco a 4 - 2 lead when he grounded into a double play in the third . Lincecum singled in the fourth	True
Lincecum singled in the fourth for his first hit of the year . That also ended the afternoon for Wheeler , who gave up four runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two . Granderson started to bring the Mets back with a solo shot over the wall in right and into McCovey Cove in the sixth	True
Granderson started to bring the Mets back with a solo shot over the wall in right and into McCovey Cove in the sixth . It was his 15th multihomer game and first since Oct. 3 , 2012 , while playing with the Yankees against Boston . After Blanco 's RBI single in the seventh	True
Granderson started to bring the Mets back with a solo shot over the wall in right and into McCovey Cove in the sixth . It was his 15th multihomer game and first since Oct. 3 , 2012 , while playing with the Yankees against Boston . After Blanco 's RBI single in the seventh , Granderson doubled in the eighth	False
Granderson started to bring the Mets back with a solo shot over the wall in right and into McCovey Cove in the sixth . It was his 15th multihomer game and first since Oct. 3 , 2012 , while playing with the Yankees against Boston . After Blanco 's RBI single in the seventh , Granderson doubled in the eighth , putting Daniel Murphy in position to score from third	False
Granderson started to bring the Mets back with a solo shot over the wall in right and into McCovey Cove in the sixth . It was his 15th multihomer game and first since Oct. 3 , 2012 , while playing with the Yankees against Boston . After Blanco 's RBI single in the seventh , Granderson doubled in the eighth , putting Daniel Murphy in position to score from third on Jean Machi 's wild pitch . Machi got Chris Young to fly out with Granderson on third	False
After Blanco 's RBI single in the seventh , Granderson doubled in the eighth , putting Daniel Murphy in position to score from third on Jean Machi 's wild pitch . Machi got Chris Young to fly out with Granderson on third to keep the Giants ahead . Brandon Hicks singled home another run for San Francisco in the eighth	True
CHICAGO -- Henderson Alvarez 's scoreless streak came to an end , and the Miami Marlins did n't care one bit . They were just happy to hear the talented right-hander should be able to make his next start after a scary play at first base . Alvarez injured his left hip in the sixth	True
Alvarez injured his left hip in the sixth , but Miami made the most of a wild afternoon for Pedro Strop in a 4 - 3 win over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday that averted a three - game series sweep . The Marlins trailed 3 - 2 before they pushed across two runs in the eighth	True
The Marlins trailed 3 - 2 before they pushed across two runs in the eighth . They loaded the bases with one out on a walk , a hit by pitch and a single from Casey McGehee . Christian Yelich then scored on Garrett Jones ' sacrifice fly and Giancarlo Stanton came home on a wild pitch from Strop ( 0 - 3 ) . Steve Cishek then struck out two in a scoreless ninth	True
Mike Dunn ( 5 - 3 ) got two outs for the win , but that was secondary for Miami after Alvarez went down . He began the day with a streak of 21 scoreless innings and is regarded as the Marlins ' best pitcher after Jose Fernandez was shelved by a season-ending elbow surgery . With one out in the sixth inning of a scoreless tie , Luis Valbuena grounded to Jones at first	False
The Cubs went in front in the bottom half of the inning when Samardzija singled and Bonifacio hammered a 3 - 2 pitch from Miami starter Randy Wolf ( 1 - 2 ) into the left-field bleachers for a 2 - 1 lead . It was Bonifacio 's first homer since July 30 last season . The Cubs stretched the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
The Cubs stretched the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth when Lake hit a long homer into the shrubbery in center field , connecting with a 79 mph changeup on a 2 - 1 count . Miami got to 3 - 2 in the sixth inning when Giancarlo Stanton doubled with one out , moved to third	False
Miami got to 3 - 2 in the sixth inning when Giancarlo Stanton doubled with one out , moved to third on a wild pitch and scored on Casey McGehee 's groundout to first base . The Cubs got a run back in the bottom half when Starlin Castro led off with a double , advanced to third	False
Montero drove in a career-high six runs , Paul Goldschmidt hit a go-ahead , three - run double in the eighth inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks sent the Colorado Rockies to their sixth straight loss , 16 - 8 on Wednesday night . The Rockies led 8 - 5 when the Diamondbacks scored six times in the eighth	True
Montero drove in a career-high six runs , Paul Goldschmidt hit a go-ahead , three - run double in the eighth inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks sent the Colorado Rockies to their sixth straight loss , 16 - 8 on Wednesday night . The Rockies led 8 - 5 when the Diamondbacks scored six times in the eighth to reclaim the lead . They were hardly done , adding five more in the ninth	True
The Rockies led 8 - 5 when the Diamondbacks scored six times in the eighth to reclaim the lead . They were hardly done , adding five more in the ninth to turn a close game into a runaway . The Diamondbacks tied a season high with 21 hits . The top five hitters in the lineup had three hits each and combined for 14 RBIs . Montero led the way as he drove in two runs on sacrifice flies , had a run-scoring single and hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
The top five hitters in the lineup had three hits each and combined for 14 RBIs . Montero led the way as he drove in two runs on sacrifice flies , had a run-scoring single and hit a three - run homer in the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the seventh	True
The top five hitters in the lineup had three hits each and combined for 14 RBIs . Montero led the way as he drove in two runs on sacrifice flies , had a run-scoring single and hit a three - run homer in the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the seventh to earn the win . Rex Brothers ( 2 - 4 ) took the loss after the big eighth	True
Rockies starter Jordan Lyles broke his left hand in the first inning when he tried to tag out Martin Prado at home after a wild pitch . Lyles used two hands to catch the ball when it was thrown back to him , then left after the fourth	True
Lyles used two hands to catch the ball when it was thrown back to him , then left after the fourth . Arizona surrendered four runs in the seventh	True
Didi Gregorius led off the game with a solo homer as Arizona built an early 4 - 0 lead . The Rockies came back with four runs in the fifth	True
Didi Gregorius led off the game with a solo homer as Arizona built an early 4 - 0 lead . The Rockies came back with four runs in the fifth and four more in the seventh	False
Brothers faced five batters without getting an out . He allowed five runs . Arizona starter Josh Collmenter , coming off a complete-game win , was cruising until the fifth	True
San Diego won 1 - 0 at San Francisco on April 20 , 2010 , when Jonathan Sanchez and Sergio Romo combined on a one - hitter . San Diego beat the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 on July 19 , 1975 , when Steve Stone and Tom Dettore had a combined one - hitter . The Padres played ultimate small-ball , scoring on a sacrifice fly , an error and a bases-loaded walk to avoid a three - game sweep . Rene Rivera 's fly to Andrew McCutcheon to end the eighth	True
`` Nobody can beat us when we go 23 outs before the first one goes to the outfield , '' Black cracked . Carlos Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Carlos Quentin hit a sacrifice fly in the first , but it was caught in short right by Harrison . Ian Kennedy ( 5 - 6 ) won his third straight start , striking out seven and allowing two runs on five hits in six innings . He walked one . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
Liriano ( 1 - 6 ) walked six and struck out seven in five innings . He walked the bases loaded in the fourth inning and then walked Chris Denorfia to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . San Diego took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Liriano ( 1 - 6 ) walked six and struck out seven in five innings . He walked the bases loaded in the fourth inning and then walked Chris Denorfia to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . San Diego took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Denorfia drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
Liriano ( 1 - 6 ) walked six and struck out seven in five innings . He walked the bases loaded in the fourth inning and then walked Chris Denorfia to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . San Diego took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Denorfia drew a leadoff walk , stole second and took third	False
Said Liriano : `` It just got a little confusing . He put it in the right spot , it was a good bunt . I was n't expecting a bunt on a 3 - 2 count . '' Pittsburgh pulled to 2 - 1 on Andrew McCutcheon 's homer to left leading off the fourth	True
Said Liriano : `` It just got a little confusing . He put it in the right spot , it was a good bunt . I was n't expecting a bunt on a 3 - 2 count . '' Pittsburgh pulled to 2 - 1 on Andrew McCutcheon 's homer to left leading off the fourth , his sixth	False
Pittsburgh pulled to 2 - 1 on Andrew McCutcheon 's homer to left leading off the fourth , his sixth . The Pirates added another run in the fifth	True
Masterson shook off a rocky start and pitched seven scoreless innings as the Cleveland Indians ended Boston 's seven - game winning streak with a 3 - 2 victory Monday night . Masterson ( 3 - 4 ) walked four in the first three innings , but got a huge strikeout to escape a bases-loaded threat in the first	True
Grady Sizemore 's return to Cleveland , far removed from the days when he owned this town , had a rather empty feeling , writes Gordon Edes . During one stretch from the third	True
Grady Sizemore 's return to Cleveland , far removed from the days when he owned this town , had a rather empty feeling , writes Gordon Edes . During one stretch from the third to sixth	True
During one stretch from the third to sixth , Masterson threw 25 consecutive strikes . Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run single in the first	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run single in the first off John Lackey ( 6 - 4 ) , and the Indians won their fourth straight . Xander Bogaerts hit a two - run homer in the Boston eighth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run single in the first off John Lackey ( 6 - 4 ) , and the Indians won their fourth straight . Xander Bogaerts hit a two - run homer in the Boston eighth off Bryan Shaw to bring the Red Sox to 3 - 2 . But left-hander Marc Rzepczynski retired David Ortiz for the final out in the inning , and Cody Allen worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Masterson was two different pitchers against the Red Sox . His wildness had him flirting with danger in the first	True
Masterson was two different pitchers against the Red Sox . His wildness had him flirting with danger in the first and third innings , but he managed to pitch out of trouble both times . Masterson needed 61 pitches to get the first nine outs , but he struck out the side in the fourth	True
His wildness had him flirting with danger in the first and third innings , but he managed to pitch out of trouble both times . Masterson needed 61 pitches to get the first nine outs , but he struck out the side in the fourth on just nine pitches . Masterson retired eight in a row before Ortiz singled through Cleveland 's shift in the sixth	True
Boston outfielder Grady Sizemore was hitless in four at-bats -- he popped up for the final out -- in his return to Cleveland . Sizemore was a three - time All-Star in nearly eight seasons with the Indians . Masterson managed to work in and out of a mess he created for himself in the first	True
Masterson managed to work in and out of a mess he created for himself in the first . The right-hander gave up a single and two walks before throwing three straight balls to Jonny Gomes . Masterson , though , battled back and fanned Gomes , who took exception with plate umpire Phil Cuzzi 's called third strike on a low fastball . In the third	True
In the third , Masterson gave up a one - out single to Dustin Pedroia and walked Ortiz on four pitches before he got Pierzynski to hit into a double play . Unable to do anything against Masterson , the Red Sox finally got on the board in the eighth	True
Chisenhall 's two - out single gave the Indians an early lead . He has eight RBIs during Cleveland 's winning streak . The Indians went up 3 - 0 in the third	True
Racing around the bases as if his two - run homer in the ninth inning was still in play , Bourn was mobbed by his teammates when he reached home plate as the Cleveland Indians completed a three - game sweep of the Colorado Rockies with a 6 - 4 win on Sunday . Bourn hit an 0 - 1 pitch into the right-field seats off Adam Ottavino ( 0 - 2 ) . Mike Aviles singled and took second	False
Racing around the bases as if his two - run homer in the ninth inning was still in play , Bourn was mobbed by his teammates when he reached home plate as the Cleveland Indians completed a three - game sweep of the Colorado Rockies with a 6 - 4 win on Sunday . Bourn hit an 0 - 1 pitch into the right-field seats off Adam Ottavino ( 0 - 2 ) . Mike Aviles singled and took second on George Kottaras ' sacrifice before Bourn hit his second home run of the season . The walk-off win was Cleveland 's fourth	False
Bourn hit an 0 - 1 pitch into the right-field seats off Adam Ottavino ( 0 - 2 ) . Mike Aviles singled and took second on George Kottaras ' sacrifice before Bourn hit his second home run of the season . The walk-off win was Cleveland 's fourth of the season . Scott Atchison ( 2 - 0 ) worked around a two - out double in the ninth	True
The Rockies fell to .500 for the first time since April 20 when they were 10 - 10 . Colorado is 12 - 21 on the road . Josh Tomlin allowed three runs and matched a career high with eight strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . He left with a 4 - 3 lead , but Blackmon 's sacrifice fly off Bryan Shaw tied the game in the seventh	True
Josh Tomlin allowed three runs and matched a career high with eight strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings . He left with a 4 - 3 lead , but Blackmon 's sacrifice fly off Bryan Shaw tied the game in the seventh . Lonnie Chisenhall , who had six RBIs in the series , broke a 3-all tie in the third	True
Jhoulys Chacin allowed four runs in five innings . The Indians scored three runs on one hit -- Michael Brantley 's RBI single -- in the first	True
Indians manager Terry Francona believes his team is finally producing some timely hits . Corey Dickerson hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Indians manager Terry Francona believes his team is finally producing some timely hits . Corey Dickerson hit a two - run homer in the second . Justin Morneau 's RBI groundout tied the game in the third	True
Corey Dickerson hit a two - run homer in the second . Justin Morneau 's RBI groundout tied the game in the third . Brantley 's leadoff double started the Indians ' third	True
Corey Dickerson hit a two - run homer in the second . Justin Morneau 's RBI groundout tied the game in the third . Brantley 's leadoff double started the Indians ' third . He took third	False
Brantley 's leadoff double started the Indians ' third . He took third on a fly ball and scored on Chisenhall 's fly out to right . Brandon Barnes ' leadoff double and a walk to Jordan Pacheco started the seventh	True
Brandon Barnes ' leadoff double and a walk to Jordan Pacheco started the seventh . After a sacrifice , Blackmon 's fly ball scored Barnes , who slid home ahead of Bourn 's throw . Colorado 's key hitters struggled during the trip . Carlos Gonzalez reached on a bunt single to start the eighth	True
Worley ( 4 - 1 ) sure seems to bring his best against San Francisco . He struck out three and walked one in an efficient 100-pitch outing . His only other complete game came in a 7 - 2 win over the Giants on July 26 , 2011 , in Philadelphia . Four players drove in a run off Bumgarner ( 12 - 8 ) in the first	True
Worley worked over batters the rest of the way to hand San Francisco its fifth straight loss and 12th shutout this season . The right-hander was acquired from Minnesota on March 25 for a player to be named or cash . He spent time in extended spring training and with Triple-A Indianapolis before being thrust into Pittsburgh 's rotation because of injuries . He has since made the most of his opportunities and has a 2.54 ERA in eight appearances this season , including seven starts . Worley did n't allow a baserunner until Pablo Sandoval singled for the first	False
Worley worked over batters the rest of the way to hand San Francisco its fifth straight loss and 12th shutout this season . The right-hander was acquired from Minnesota on March 25 for a player to be named or cash . He spent time in extended spring training and with Triple-A Indianapolis before being thrust into Pittsburgh 's rotation because of injuries . He has since made the most of his opportunities and has a 2.54 ERA in eight appearances this season , including seven starts . Worley did n't allow a baserunner until Pablo Sandoval singled for the first of his two hits . Gregor Blanco hit a swinging bunt single in the sixth	True
Worley worked over batters the rest of the way to hand San Francisco its fifth straight loss and 12th shutout this season . The right-hander was acquired from Minnesota on March 25 for a player to be named or cash . He spent time in extended spring training and with Triple-A Indianapolis before being thrust into Pittsburgh 's rotation because of injuries . He has since made the most of his opportunities and has a 2.54 ERA in eight appearances this season , including seven starts . Worley did n't allow a baserunner until Pablo Sandoval singled for the first of his two hits . Gregor Blanco hit a swinging bunt single in the sixth before being nabbed trying to steal second	False
Worley worked over batters the rest of the way to hand San Francisco its fifth straight loss and 12th shutout this season . The right-hander was acquired from Minnesota on March 25 for a player to be named or cash . He spent time in extended spring training and with Triple-A Indianapolis before being thrust into Pittsburgh 's rotation because of injuries . He has since made the most of his opportunities and has a 2.54 ERA in eight appearances this season , including seven starts . Worley did n't allow a baserunner until Pablo Sandoval singled for the first of his two hits . Gregor Blanco hit a swinging bunt single in the sixth before being nabbed trying to steal second . Hunter Pence 's two - out triple in the ninth	True
Worley did n't allow a baserunner until Pablo Sandoval singled for the first of his two hits . Gregor Blanco hit a swinging bunt single in the sixth before being nabbed trying to steal second . Hunter Pence 's two - out triple in the ninth was the only other hit off Worley . The Pirates helped their starting pitcher with two double plays , including a spectacular turn in the fourth	True
Worley did n't allow a baserunner until Pablo Sandoval singled for the first of his two hits . Gregor Blanco hit a swinging bunt single in the sixth before being nabbed trying to steal second . Hunter Pence 's two - out triple in the ninth was the only other hit off Worley . The Pirates helped their starting pitcher with two double plays , including a spectacular turn in the fourth by second baseman Neil Walker . Walker grabbed shortstop Jordy Mercer 's glove scoop barehanded while falling , turned and threw to first	False
The Pirates helped their starting pitcher with two double plays , including a spectacular turn in the fourth by second baseman Neil Walker . Walker grabbed shortstop Jordy Mercer 's glove scoop barehanded while falling , turned and threw to first to get Michael Morse . The Giants , who were just swept in a three - game home series by the Dodgers to fall out of first place in the NL West , were counting on their All-Star pitcher to help wash away their woes . Instead , Bumgarner gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . He had allowed one run in 14 innings since the All-Star break and was coming off his best start of the season . All that evaporated in a 41-pitch first	True
The Pirates helped their starting pitcher with two double plays , including a spectacular turn in the fourth by second baseman Neil Walker . Walker grabbed shortstop Jordy Mercer 's glove scoop barehanded while falling , turned and threw to first to get Michael Morse . The Giants , who were just swept in a three - game home series by the Dodgers to fall out of first place in the NL West , were counting on their All-Star pitcher to help wash away their woes . Instead , Bumgarner gave up five runs and six hits in four innings . He had allowed one run in 14 innings since the All-Star break and was coming off his best start of the season . All that evaporated in a 41-pitch first . He allowed three hits and two walks and committed one of two San Francisco errors in the inning when he misfired to second	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- It does n't matter to John Jaso whether he 's Oakland 's leadoff batter , as long as he 's playing . For the Athletics , he 's extremely important at the top of the order , especially with Coco Crisp hurting . Jaso drove in three runs Sunday night , helping Scott Kazmir and Oakland beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 3 . The A 's catcher had a run-scoring single during a five - run second inning and added a two - run double in the fifth	True
`` It 's tough to have nice weather in Oakland and come here to pitch . It kind of drains you in the beginning . I felt great . I was just inconsistent . '' Kazmir got out of the third	True
The victory enabled Oakland to remain two games ahead of the second-place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . The Athletics are 7 - 5 against the Rangers this season . Adam Rosales had a two - run homer in the second	True
The victory enabled Oakland to remain two games ahead of the second-place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . The Athletics are 7 - 5 against the Rangers this season . Adam Rosales had a two - run homer in the second for the Rangers , and Adrian Beltre added a solo shot off reliever Evan Scribner in the eighth	True
`` I do n't know what it is . I 've hit some home runs here . The warm weather is nice , and they have a lot of righties . '' Jaso 's single was against Mikolas . Washington brought in left-hander Ryan Feierabend in to face Jaso in the fifth	True
After that , the Angels put together just enough offense and more than enough quality relief pitching to secure another gritty win . Efren Navarro and Kole Calhoun drove in runs in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera homered and Smyly ( 6 - 9 ) had his career-high in strikeouts for the Tigers , who have lost seven of eight in Anaheim . After Detroit 's pitchers combined for 14 strikeouts in Thursday 's series opener , Smyly struck out eight of the Angels ' first 10 hitters . The left-hander overwhelmed Los Angeles until the sixth	True
Mike Morin ( 3 - 3 ) struck out Torii Hunter with the bases loaded to end the sixth inning . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
Skaggs struggled much more than Smyly , needing 43 pitches to get through the first two innings alone , but still struck out five . Cabrera connected for his 16th homer leading off the fourth inning , putting his second shot in three days into the stands in right field . Los Angeles did n't get a ball out of the infield until Mike Trout 's one - out fly ball to right in the fourth	True
Cabrera connected for his 16th homer leading off the fourth inning , putting his second shot in three days into the stands in right field . Los Angeles did n't get a ball out of the infield until Mike Trout 's one - out fly ball to right in the fourth . The Tigers chased Skaggs with consecutive , two - out singles in the sixth	True
Cabrera connected for his 16th homer leading off the fourth inning , putting his second shot in three days into the stands in right field . Los Angeles did n't get a ball out of the infield until Mike Trout 's one - out fly ball to right in the fourth . The Tigers chased Skaggs with consecutive , two - out singles in the sixth . Detroit then loaded the bases when David Freese botched Martinez 's soft grounder to third	False
The Tigers chased Skaggs with consecutive , two - out singles in the sixth . Detroit then loaded the bases when David Freese botched Martinez 's soft grounder to third , but Morin fanned Hunter to end it . Hamilton left the game with soreness in his left knee and was replaced by Navarro in left field . The former AL MVP grounded out weakly in his only at-bat , and he failed to make a play on J. D. Martinez 's long fly to left in the second	True
The Mets trailed 2 - 0 entering the ninth inning , but Daniel Murphy led off with a double off closer Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 4 ) , who blew his fourth save of the season . David Wright followed with an RBI single . Duda hit the first pitch he saw from Rodriguez into the Mets bullpen in right field . It was his career-high 17th home run of the season and his third	False
Duda hit the first pitch he saw from Rodriguez into the Mets bullpen in right field . It was his career-high 17th home run of the season and his third in the last four games . The Mets were still in the game thanks to a very good pitching performance by Zach Wheeler , who gave up only one hit through six innings before tiring in the seventh	True
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth without a hit . Rickie Weeks walked and Ryan Braun hit a groundball that went through the legs of Murphy at second base for his second error of the game . Aramais Ramirez grounded to shortstop Rueben Tejada , who got the out at second	False
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth without a hit . Rickie Weeks walked and Ryan Braun hit a groundball that went through the legs of Murphy at second base for his second error of the game . Aramais Ramirez grounded to shortstop Rueben Tejada , who got the out at second , but Ramirez beat Murphy 's throw to first	False
Aramais Ramirez grounded to shortstop Rueben Tejada , who got the out at second , but Ramirez beat Murphy 's throw to first and Weeks scored . Carlos Gomez hit his 15th home run of the season with two outs in the seventh	True
The Rangers have used a majors-high 52 players , three short of the club record . But 31 pitchers broke the previous mark , and they still have reliever Nate Adcock waiting for his season debut after coming up from Round Rock on Thursday . Texas led for good on J. P. Arencibia 's RBI single after Jim Adduci had a leadoff double over center fielder Yoenis Cespedes in the second	True
Hammel lost his third straight start since coming from the Chicago Cubs with Jeff Samardzija in the July 5 trade . Hammel allowed four runs ( three earned ) in 5 2/3 innings . Yoenis Cespedes was back in Oakland 's lineup after missing Thursday with a sprained right thumb , and started in center field for only the second time this year . He had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Yoenis Cespedes was back in Oakland 's lineup after missing Thursday with a sprained right thumb , and started in center field for only the second time this year . He had an RBI single in the sixth for Oakland 's only run . Cespedes had an error in the sixth	True
Brown homered , doubled and drove in three runs to lead Philadelphia to a 9 - 5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Grady Sizemore had three hits , including the 1,000th of his career , with a double and an RBI for the Phillies , who entered 12th	False
The left-hander labored through the first inning when Philadelphia sent eight batters to the plate while taking a 2 - 0 lead on a bases-loaded walk to Carlos Ruiz and Brown 's groundout . It was 3 - 0 after the second thanks to Chase Utley 's RBI single , and Philadelphia tacked on two more in the third	True
It was 3 - 0 after the second thanks to Chase Utley 's RBI single , and Philadelphia tacked on two more in the third on Ruf 's sacrifice fly and Cody Asche 's RBI single . The Phillies looked in complete control when Ruf doubled and scored in the fifth	True
It was 3 - 0 after the second thanks to Chase Utley 's RBI single , and Philadelphia tacked on two more in the third on Ruf 's sacrifice fly and Cody Asche 's RBI single . The Phillies looked in complete control when Ruf doubled and scored in the fifth . But Sandberg elected to lift Kendrick with the bases loaded and two outs in the sixth	True
Marte cleared the wall in left , his first homer in 68 career at-bats , against left-hander Antonio Bastardo to make it 6 - 4 . Bastardo came back out for the seventh	True
Trumbo , who entered hitting .191 , went 0 for 4 to extend his slump to 3 for 24 . Brown gave Philadelphia some cushion in the seventh	True
Donovan Solano had a career-high four hits and also reached on a walk as Miami took its second straight win over Atlanta to open the four - game series . Christian Yelich had two hits and scored three runs . Steve Cishek pitched around Chris Johnson 's leadoff single in the ninth	True
`` It was one of those games I felt like I was trying to aim the ball a little bit . '' Miami led 6 - 2 before its bullpen gave up three runs in the eighth	True
The Braves began the night one game behind first-place Washington in the NL East . Turner made his first start since a loss at Texas on June 11 . He struck out the side in the fourth	True
Turner made his first start since a loss at Texas on June 11 . He struck out the side in the fourth as he earned his first win since June 5 . The Braves enjoyed a promising start off Turner . B. J. Upton led off the first	True
The Braves enjoyed a promising start off Turner . B. J. Upton led off the first with a double before Turner loaded the bases with two one - out walks . Heyward 's single to center drove in Upton before Gattis hit into a double play to end the inning . Like Turner , Minor allowed only one run in the first inning after the Marlins loaded the bases with no outs . He gave up three runs in the third	True
The Braves enjoyed a promising start off Turner . B. J. Upton led off the first with a double before Turner loaded the bases with two one - out walks . Heyward 's single to center drove in Upton before Gattis hit into a double play to end the inning . Like Turner , Minor allowed only one run in the first inning after the Marlins loaded the bases with no outs . He gave up three runs in the third and was pulled after giving up three straight hits to open the fourth	True
Like Turner , Minor allowed only one run in the first inning after the Marlins loaded the bases with no outs . He gave up three runs in the third and was pulled after giving up three straight hits to open the fourth . The left-hander has allowed 10 or more hits seven times in five seasons , including five times this year . Giancarlo Stanton had a run-scoring double and Jeff Baker drove in a run with a single in the Marlins ' three - run third	True
Like Turner , Minor allowed only one run in the first inning after the Marlins loaded the bases with no outs . He gave up three runs in the third and was pulled after giving up three straight hits to open the fourth . The left-hander has allowed 10 or more hits seven times in five seasons , including five times this year . Giancarlo Stanton had a run-scoring double and Jeff Baker drove in a run with a single in the Marlins ' three - run third . Turner opened the fourth	True
Like Turner , Minor allowed only one run in the first inning after the Marlins loaded the bases with no outs . He gave up three runs in the third and was pulled after giving up three straight hits to open the fourth . The left-hander has allowed 10 or more hits seven times in five seasons , including five times this year . Giancarlo Stanton had a run-scoring double and Jeff Baker drove in a run with a single in the Marlins ' three - run third . Turner opened the fourth with a double off Minor and scored on Yelich 's single . After Solano 's double left runners on second	False
Like Turner , Minor allowed only one run in the first inning after the Marlins loaded the bases with no outs . He gave up three runs in the third and was pulled after giving up three straight hits to open the fourth . The left-hander has allowed 10 or more hits seven times in five seasons , including five times this year . Giancarlo Stanton had a run-scoring double and Jeff Baker drove in a run with a single in the Marlins ' three - run third . Turner opened the fourth with a double off Minor and scored on Yelich 's single . After Solano 's double left runners on second and third	False
Minor 's ERA rose to 5.32 as he allowed six runs for the second straight start . Following Upton 's 18th homer with two outs in the third	True
Bryan Morris replaced Dunn and gave up Heyward 's two - run single , trimming Miami 's lead to 6 - 5 . Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman leaned over the rolled-up tarp to reach into the stands and catch Baker 's foul popup in the ninth	True
He did have Royals manager Ned Yost questioning his decision to bring in lefty Scott Downs ( 0 - 3 ) to face lefty Jackie Bradley Jr. only to see Gomes step into the role he relishes . Another two - run shot in the sixth	True
The Red Sox maintained their momentum after winning four of their last five games before the All-Star game . They entered the break in last place in the AL East but were coming off Clay Buchholz 's 11 - 0 complete-game win over Houston , their season high for runs . Buchholz ( 5 - 5 ) allowed four runs in six innings against Kansas City . Koji Uehara allowed Omar Infante 's two - out double in the ninth	True
Stephen Drew , batting .158 in 29 games since joining the Red Sox in late May , followed with a ground-rule double . After David Ross struck out , Downs came in . Gomes drove a 2 - 2 pitch to nearly the same spot where Bogaerts ' homer landed . It was Gomes ' sixth homer of the year and his second	False
Gomes drove a 2 - 2 pitch to nearly the same spot where Bogaerts ' homer landed . It was Gomes ' sixth homer of the year and his second as a pinch hitter . The Royals had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Gomes drove a 2 - 2 pitch to nearly the same spot where Bogaerts ' homer landed . It was Gomes ' sixth homer of the year and his second as a pinch hitter . The Royals had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Infante and an RBI single by Hosmer . The Red Sox tied it in the second	True
The Royals had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Infante and an RBI single by Hosmer . The Red Sox tied it in the second on Brock Holt 's RBI single . Kansas City made it 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Royals had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Infante and an RBI single by Hosmer . The Red Sox tied it in the second on Brock Holt 's RBI single . Kansas City made it 3 - 1 in the fourth on run-scoring singles by Salvador Perez and Gordon then added a run in the fifth	True
Kansas City made it 3 - 1 in the fourth on run-scoring singles by Salvador Perez and Gordon then added a run in the fifth on Hosmer 's RBI single . David Ortiz led off the third	True
He hit a towering popup to the first-base side of the mound . Shields appeared uncomfortable trying to catch it so first baseman Hosmer and third baseman Mike Moustakas raced in to help . Hosmer raised his glove , but the ball ticked off it and Moustakas cradled it for the out . More strange glove work occurred in the top of the fourth	True
More strange glove work occurred in the top of the fourth when Hosmer hit the ball sharply down the first-base line . A ball girl , seated beside the low fence in foul territory , fielded it cleanly then quickly dropped it . It was too late , though , and Infante , who had singled , was stopped at third	False
More strange glove work occurred in the top of the fourth when Hosmer hit the ball sharply down the first-base line . A ball girl , seated beside the low fence in foul territory , fielded it cleanly then quickly dropped it . It was too late , though , and Infante , who had singled , was stopped at third while Hosmer reached second	False
McCann and Beltran had two - out RBIs for the Yankees ( 48 - 47 ) , who began a 10-game homestand by winning the opener of an interleague series against a National League contender . New York , with a major league-high 40 home games after the break , snapped a five - game losing streak at Yankee Stadium and improved to 19 - 23 in its ballpark . All-Star reliever Dellin Betances struck out three in 1 2/3 perfect innings , and David Robertson worked a one - hit ninth	True
Mike Leake ( 7 - 8 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings . With the score tied 2-all , Derek Jeter singled to start the fifth	True
Brett Gardner was hit on the left foot by Leake 's third pitch . Shaken up a bit , he was checked by manager Joe Girardi and a trainer before remaining in the game . Gardner stole second	False
Jeter 's leadoff single in the third deflected off third baseman Todd Frazier . Ellsbury also singled before Beltran , just activated from the seven - day concussion list , came through with a two - out single . Pena connected off Phelps to start the third	True
Jeter 's leadoff single in the third deflected off third baseman Todd Frazier . Ellsbury also singled before Beltran , just activated from the seven - day concussion list , came through with a two - out single . Pena connected off Phelps to start the third and seventh	True
Pena connected off Phelps to start the third and seventh for his first multihomer game . Cincinnati tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
Called up from Triple-A Louisville on Thursday for his first appearance in the majors since playing four games in 2012 , Negron hit an opposite-field homer to right off Francisco Liriano in the second inning . The RBIs were the first	False
Called up from Triple-A Louisville on Thursday for his first appearance in the majors since playing four games in 2012 , Negron hit an opposite-field homer to right off Francisco Liriano in the second inning . The RBIs were the first of his career , and the hit was his second	False
Negron has been in professional baseball for nine years . He was promoted from the minors when second baseman Brandon Phillips was put on the disabled list with torn ligaments in his left thumb . The game was delayed by rain for 56 minutes with Pittsburgh batting in the top of the fifth	True
The game was delayed by rain for 56 minutes with Pittsburgh batting in the top of the fifth . Frazier lined a drive just inside the right-field foul pole on the first pitch from Vance Worley in the sixth	True
Cueto rushed off to Minnesota for the All-Star game . Jumbo Diaz pitched the seventh	True
Cueto rushed off to Minnesota for the All-Star game . Jumbo Diaz pitched the seventh , and Jonathan Broxton worked the eighth	False
Cueto rushed off to Minnesota for the All-Star game . Jumbo Diaz pitched the seventh , and Jonathan Broxton worked the eighth before Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth	True
Liriano ( 1 - 7 ) lasted four innings , allowing three hits and three runs with four strikeouts and a wild pitch . He left the bases loaded in two of his four innings . Devin Mesoraco drove in Jay Bruce from first base with a double off the left-center field wall in the fifth	True
`` We 've got to stop that stuff . '' Trout , who will start in the All-Star game in the AL outfield , had two doubles and three RBIs . He sent three runs home by blooping a two - out double in the second inning , and broke a 4-all tie with a double in the fourth	True
`` We 've got to stop that stuff . '' Trout , who will start in the All-Star game in the AL outfield , had two doubles and three RBIs . He sent three runs home by blooping a two - out double in the second inning , and broke a 4-all tie with a double in the fourth . Trout walked and scored in the sixth	True
Hamilton finished 2 for 4 with a double , an RBI and a run scored . Trout 's second-inning double followed a line out by Kole Calhoun . Pujols ' run-scoring double in the eighth	True
The Angels , a major league-best 26 - 9 since June 6 , swept a four - game series against Texas for the first time . Winning pitcher Tyler Skaggs ( 5 - 5 ) left after giving up two singles to start the sixth	True
The All-Star left-hander scattered five hits in eight - plus innings to win his fourth consecutive start and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Sunday . Price ( 9 - 7 ) , who had his start pushed back one day due to being ill , struck out five and walked one . He was pulled after giving up a leadoff single in the ninth	True
Despite their recent struggles , the Blue Jays ' 49 wins at the All-Star break are their most since 2006 . A win Sunday would have given them 50 victories before the break for the first time since 1992 . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead on a two - out single by Forsythe in the second	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead on a two - out single by Forsythe in the second . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 during the sixth thanks to a video replay . Yunel Escobar was thrown out trying to score from second	False
Evan Longoria 's seventh-inning sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 . Dickey worked out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the third	True
First-time All-Star Yasiel Puig chased Boyer with an RBI double , the first run off him this season in 14 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit a sacrifice fly against Torres , but Quentin turned it into an inning-ending double play by throwing to third baseman Chase Headley for the tag on the over-aggressive Puig after Dee Gordon crossed the plate . Joaquin Benoit escaped an eighth-inning jam , striking out Juan Uribe and Miguel Rojas with runners at second	False
First-time All-Star Yasiel Puig chased Boyer with an RBI double , the first run off him this season in 14 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit a sacrifice fly against Torres , but Quentin turned it into an inning-ending double play by throwing to third baseman Chase Headley for the tag on the over-aggressive Puig after Dee Gordon crossed the plate . Joaquin Benoit escaped an eighth-inning jam , striking out Juan Uribe and Miguel Rojas with runners at second and third	False
Joaquin Benoit escaped an eighth-inning jam , striking out Juan Uribe and Miguel Rojas with runners at second and third and retiring Crawford on a grounder with the bases loaded after a full-count walk to pinch-hitter A. J. Ellis . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save in 25 chances . Quentin , who entered Friday batting .165 with 14 RBIs in 42 games , hit an RBI double in the fifth	True
Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 24th save in 25 chances . Quentin , who entered Friday batting .165 with 14 RBIs in 42 games , hit an RBI double in the fifth off Dan Haren and extended the Padres ' lead to 6 - 1 in the sixth	True
Haren ( 8 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in his third start against the Padres and second loss to them in three weeks , throwing 102 pitches in four - plus innings . He came in 4 - 1 with a 2.96 ERA in his eight previous home starts this year . Matt Kemp opened the scoring in the Dodgers ' first	True
Haren ( 8 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in his third start against the Padres and second loss to them in three weeks , throwing 102 pitches in four - plus innings . He came in 4 - 1 with a 2.96 ERA in his eight previous home starts this year . Matt Kemp opened the scoring in the Dodgers ' first with an RBI single , but the Padres responded in the second	True
Haren has allowed 19 homers -- tying the Padres ' Eric Stults for second-most in the NL behind the 27 served up by Milwaukee 's Marco Estrada . The Padres increased the margin to 4 - 1 with two runs in the fifth	True
The right-hander gave up five hits and three runs in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out four , walked two and hit a pair of batters , leading to the A 's first two runs . Oakland started its scoring surge after plate umpire Paul Nauert ruled Craig Gentry was hit by a pitch on his hand leading off the fifth	True
Oakland started its scoring surge after plate umpire Paul Nauert ruled Craig Gentry was hit by a pitch on his hand leading off the fifth . Giants manager Bruce Bochy challenged the play , which was upheld after a video review . Gentry stole second	False
Oakland started its scoring surge after plate umpire Paul Nauert ruled Craig Gentry was hit by a pitch on his hand leading off the fifth . Giants manager Bruce Bochy challenged the play , which was upheld after a video review . Gentry stole second , advanced to third	False
Gentry stole second , advanced to third on Coco Crisp 's bunt single and scored on John Jaso 's groundout for the A 's first run . Donaldson also was hit by a pitch by Vogelsong on his left hand leading off the sixth	True
Then Nauert asked first-base umpire Angel Hernandez whether Donaldson , who said his hand was just sore afterward , swung at the pitch . Hernandez signaled no , and Bochy came out and had a heated conversation with Nauert after the call , wondering how it could be reversed . Callaspo came through later in the inning with a two - run double off Juan Gutierrez to extend Oakland 's lead to 3 - 0 . Brandon Moss and Donaldson each drove in a run off Gutierrez in the seventh	True
BOSTON -- Buck Showalter 's bullpen had been depleted and Baltimore 's five - run lead had disappeared . Then , as they started their 30th inning in a 30-hour span , the AL East-leading Orioles pulled out another victory . A day after a day-night doubleheader that already taxed his pitching staff , Showalter watched his bullpen give up five runs in the seventh	True
BOSTON -- Buck Showalter 's bullpen had been depleted and Baltimore 's five - run lead had disappeared . Then , as they started their 30th inning in a 30-hour span , the AL East-leading Orioles pulled out another victory . A day after a day-night doubleheader that already taxed his pitching staff , Showalter watched his bullpen give up five runs in the seventh to force extra innings . In the 12th	True
A day after a day-night doubleheader that already taxed his pitching staff , Showalter watched his bullpen give up five runs in the seventh to force extra innings . In the 12th , David Lough hit a leadoff triple and scored on J. J. Hardy 's single to give Baltimore its sixth win in seven games . Brach ( 4 - 0 ) allowed one hit and one walk while striking out four , and Zach Britton got the last three outs for his 14th save . Showalter said first baseman Chris Davis , who has one pitching appearance in his career , was next if the Orioles had n't scored in the top of the 12th	True
Brach ( 4 - 0 ) allowed one hit and one walk while striking out four , and Zach Britton got the last three outs for his 14th save . Showalter said first baseman Chris Davis , who has one pitching appearance in his career , was next if the Orioles had n't scored in the top of the 12th . Edward Mujica ( 2 - 4 ) worked a scoreless 11th	True
Brach ( 4 - 0 ) allowed one hit and one walk while striking out four , and Zach Britton got the last three outs for his 14th save . Showalter said first baseman Chris Davis , who has one pitching appearance in his career , was next if the Orioles had n't scored in the top of the 12th . Edward Mujica ( 2 - 4 ) worked a scoreless 11th before Lough lined a triple to the center field wall leading off the 12th	True
Edward Mujica ( 2 - 4 ) worked a scoreless 11th before Lough lined a triple to the center field wall leading off the 12th . The next batter , Hardy , bounced one through the left side of the infield to give the Orioles the lead . Hardy and Nelson Cruz each had three hits for Baltimore . Cruz had five hits Saturday in the second game of a day-night doubleheader and hit safely in seven straight at-bats before flying out in the fifth	True
Hardy and Nelson Cruz each had three hits for Baltimore . Cruz had five hits Saturday in the second game of a day-night doubleheader and hit safely in seven straight at-bats before flying out in the fifth . David Ortiz had four hits and Dustin Pedroia added three for Boston , which trailed 6 - 1 before scoring five runs in the seventh	True
Hardy and Nelson Cruz each had three hits for Baltimore . Cruz had five hits Saturday in the second game of a day-night doubleheader and hit safely in seven straight at-bats before flying out in the fifth . David Ortiz had four hits and Dustin Pedroia added three for Boston , which trailed 6 - 1 before scoring five runs in the seventh to tie it . Ortiz lined the ball to the left-field corner with one out in the 12th	True
David Ortiz had four hits and Dustin Pedroia added three for Boston , which trailed 6 - 1 before scoring five runs in the seventh to tie it . Ortiz lined the ball to the left-field corner with one out in the 12th , but Lough threw him out trying to stretch it into a double . The Red Sox have lost five of six and fallen a season-worst 10 games below .500 . Boston center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. had two hits , threw out a runner at the plate and made a leaping catch to end the top of the ninth	False
The Red Sox have lost five of six and fallen a season-worst 10 games below .500 . Boston center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. had two hits , threw out a runner at the plate and made a leaping catch to end the top of the ninth . The Orioles scored in the fourth	True
The Red Sox have lost five of six and fallen a season-worst 10 games below .500 . Boston center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. had two hits , threw out a runner at the plate and made a leaping catch to end the top of the ninth . The Orioles scored in the fourth against Jake Peavy after Cruz led off with a double and scored when third baseman Xander Bogaerts fielded Delmon Young 's grounder and threw it into the stands behind first base . Young made it 2 - 0 in the sixth	False
The Orioles scored in the fourth against Jake Peavy after Cruz led off with a double and scored when third baseman Xander Bogaerts fielded Delmon Young 's grounder and threw it into the stands behind first base . Young made it 2 - 0 in the sixth when he was hit by a pitch to lead off the inning and eventually scored on Caleb Joseph 's sacrifice fly . Boston cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom half on Ortiz 's RBI single through the shifted infield . Baltimore scored four in the seventh	True
The adjustment worked . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The adjustment worked . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first and Volquez ( 7 - 6 ) had an RBI groundout with the bases loaded in the second inning as the Pirates moved a season-high five games over .500 at 46 - 41 . The Pirates could 've added to the 3 - 0 lead but Gregory Polanco Starling Marte each flew out with men on second	False
The adjustment worked . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first and Volquez ( 7 - 6 ) had an RBI groundout with the bases loaded in the second inning as the Pirates moved a season-high five games over .500 at 46 - 41 . The Pirates could 've added to the 3 - 0 lead but Gregory Polanco Starling Marte each flew out with men on second and third	False
Volquez allowed four hits and walked four . He struck out five in his third straight win . McCutchen followed up Friday 's game , when he was a home run shy of the cycle , with the big hit off David Buchanan . McCutchen connected to right after Polanco led off the home first	True
Philadelphia dropped a season-high 13 games below .500 at 37 - 50 . Buchanan ( 4 - 5 ) found his stride after the second	True
Philadelphia dropped a season-high 13 games below .500 at 37 - 50 . Buchanan ( 4 - 5 ) found his stride after the second and kept the Pirates at bay until he was lifted in the sixth	True
Buchanan ( 4 - 5 ) found his stride after the second and kept the Pirates at bay until he was lifted in the sixth . Philadelphia 's starter was charged with three runs and six hits and an intentional walk . Marlon Byrd stranded five men on base in his first two at-bats . He flew out in the first	True
Buchanan ( 4 - 5 ) found his stride after the second and kept the Pirates at bay until he was lifted in the sixth . Philadelphia 's starter was charged with three runs and six hits and an intentional walk . Marlon Byrd stranded five men on base in his first two at-bats . He flew out in the first to leave men on the corners , then struck on four pitches to end the third	True
Marlon Byrd stranded five men on base in his first two at-bats . He flew out in the first to leave men on the corners , then struck on four pitches to end the third with the bases loaded . Byrd homered off Pirates closer Mark Melancon in the ninth	True
Byrd homered off Pirates closer Mark Melancon in the ninth but even an attempt at starting a rally was n't enough to appease the right fielder after his earlier at-bats . Melancon retired to next three batters he faced for his 16th save . Tony Watson worked a perfect eighth	True
Melancon retired to next three batters he faced for his 16th save . Tony Watson worked a perfect eighth . Cody Asche homered in the fourth	True
Yoervis Medina , Charlie Furbush , Danny Farquhar , Tom Wilhelmsen ( 1 - 1 ) and Rodney combined for six innings of one - hit relief . Farquhar got five outs and Wilhelmsen pitched two innings . Michael Saunders reached on an infield single against Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 5 ) and swiped second	False
Chicago managed only four hits while wasting another strong start by Jose Quintana , who struck out 10 in 7 2/3 innings . The game was scoreless before the White Sox pushed across two runs in the eighth	True
Quintana allowed four hits and walked one in 7 2/3 scoreless innings . The 10 strikeouts matched a season high for the left-hander , who is 2 - 0 with a sparkling 0.94 ERA in his last four starts . Chicago was in line for its second straight win against Seattle before the Mariners rallied in the ninth	True
Hernandez and Quintana were locked in an impressive duel before the late scoring . Quintana struck out six while retiring his first 11 batters , including the side in the second	True
Hernandez and Quintana were locked in an impressive duel before the late scoring . Quintana struck out six while retiring his first 11 batters , including the side in the second . Robinson Cano had a two - out single for Seattle 's first baserunner in the fourth	True
Quintana struck out six while retiring his first 11 batters , including the side in the second . Robinson Cano had a two - out single for Seattle 's first baserunner in the fourth , but Quintana fanned Corey Hart to end the inning . Hernandez was just as dominant , retiring 11 in a row after Adam Eaton 's leadoff single in the first	True
Hernandez was just as dominant , retiring 11 in a row after Adam Eaton 's leadoff single in the first . He also set down 10 in a row in another impressive stretch . Hernandez got some help from his defense . James Jones crashed into wall in center to rob Abreu of extra bases in the fourth	True
Hernandez was just as dominant , retiring 11 in a row after Adam Eaton 's leadoff single in the first . He also set down 10 in a row in another impressive stretch . Hernandez got some help from his defense . James Jones crashed into wall in center to rob Abreu of extra bases in the fourth , and left fielder Willie Bloomquist made a leaping grab on the warning track on Viciedo 's drive in the fifth	True
Herrera 's first career walk off hit with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning Saturday gave Boston a 3 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles in the opener of a day-night doubleheader . After Lester 's masterful eight - inning outing resulted in only a 2 - 2 tie , closer Koji Uehara ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
After Lester 's masterful eight - inning outing resulted in only a 2 - 2 tie , closer Koji Uehara ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth before manager John Farrell went to his bench . Pinch-hitter Jonny Gomes legged out a leadoff infield single off reliever T. J. McFarland ( 1 - 2 ) . David Ross then bunted Gomes to second	False
The right-hander , who had struggled in his previous three starts since returning from an oblique injury , allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits , striking out six with two walks in eight innings . One of his few mistakes was a first-pitch fastball to Drew that landed in the right field bleachers in the second	True
None of that really matters to Cruz . After signing a one - year , $ 8 million contract with Baltimore during the offseason , he is focused on helping the Orioles earn a postseason berth for the second time in three years . Steve Pearce and Caleb Joseph also went deep for the Orioles , who are assured of at least a split of the four - game series after winning the first two . Pearce and Cruz delivered solo shots in the first inning and Joseph connected with a man on in the second	True
For the second game in a row , Baltimore homered twice in the first inning . Pearce hit a liner in front of the left-field foul pole that glanced off the glove of Shin-Soo Choo and dropped over the wall . One out later , Cruz smacked a 1 - 1 pitch over the center-field wall . Texas pulled even in the second	True
The three homers allowed by Martinez were a career high . The Orioles used three hits , a walk and an error to pull away with a four - run fourth	True
The Orioles used three hits , a walk and an error to pull away with a four - run fourth . With the bases loaded , Andrus fumbled Joseph 's potential double-play grounder to allow a run to score . Nick Markakis followed with an RBI double and Pearce added a sacrifice fly . Chris Gimenez hit a run-scoring grounder off Ryan Webb in the Texas sixth	True
On Sunday , Cueto overcame an early jolt to earn his 16th win and Chris Heisey hit two home runs , including a tiebreaking shot in the ninth inning , as the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 . Cueto ( 16 - 8 ) gave up a home run to Josh Harrison on his first pitch of the game . Jordy Mercer homered off Cueto in the second	True
Price credits his ace 's results with the mental strength Cueto has displayed during an arduous season . Heisey 's solo drive with one out in the ninth	True
Heisey 's solo drive with one out in the ninth off Jared Hughes ( 6 - 5 ) helped the Reds avoid getting swept at PNC Park . Heisey began the day with just five homers in 229 at-bats this year . Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 29th save . Heisey tied the game at 2 in the fifth	True
Heisey finished 2 for 4 and drove in all three of Cincinnati 's runs . Liriano cruised through his first four innings , throwing an efficient 43 pitches before he ran into trouble in the fifth	True
Heisey finished 2 for 4 and drove in all three of Cincinnati 's runs . Liriano cruised through his first four innings , throwing an efficient 43 pitches before he ran into trouble in the fifth . Cincinnati 's first hit off Liriano did n't come until Todd Frazier singled with two outs in the fourth	True
The Reds had six steals in the first four innings , using six hits and four walks to build a 6 - 0 lead against Arrieta ( 7 - 5 ) . Cincinnati stole three in a three - run second inning and two in a three - run fourth	True
Cubs rookie Jorge Soler doubled and singled in his second major league game and drove in a run . He homered and singled in his debut on Wednesday . Hamilton set the tone right away . He drew a leadoff walk in the first	True
Cubs rookie Jorge Soler doubled and singled in his second major league game and drove in a run . He homered and singled in his debut on Wednesday . Hamilton set the tone right away . He drew a leadoff walk in the first and stole second	False
Hamilton went 2 for 2 with a double and walked twice . Dee Gordon of the Dodgers began the day leading the majors with 58 steals . Negron and Cozart each stole and scored in the second	True
Hamilton went 2 for 2 with a double and walked twice . Dee Gordon of the Dodgers began the day leading the majors with 58 steals . Negron and Cozart each stole and scored in the second . Cozart and Frazier both stole and scored in the fourth	True
`` Frazier hit two good pitches , but the pitch to Phillips was out over the plate , and so was the one to Hamilton for the double . I 've got to vary my times better at holding the ball . They were aggressive on the bases and at the plate . They were able to get good reads and good jumps . '' Reds relievers Pedro Villareal and Logan Ondrusek combined for three perfect innings . The Cubs scored two runs off Jumbo Diaz in the ninth	True
They 've already got a rivalry , and Kendrick knows the postseason stakes make it even more exciting . Pujols drew a leadoff walk from Ryan Cook ( 1 - 2 ) in the 10th	True
They 've already got a rivalry , and Kendrick knows the postseason stakes make it even more exciting . Pujols drew a leadoff walk from Ryan Cook ( 1 - 2 ) in the 10th , and Hamilton moved him to third	False
Kendrick 's long fly to right easily drove in the slow-footed Pujols , setting off a playoff-worthy celebration by the Angels , who have won 12 of 16 . Fernando Salas ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Fernando Salas ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the Angels . He has retired 38 of his last 41 batters . Oakland protested the game after Erick Aybar hit a short chopper up the first-base line to open the ninth	True
Oakland protested the game after Erick Aybar hit a short chopper up the first-base line to open the ninth . He ran into Dan Otero as the pitcher fielded it and bumped into first baseman Brandon Moss . Home plate umpire Greg Gibson immediately awarded first base to Aybar , prompting a lengthy argument from A 's manager Bob Melvin . The Angels then loaded the bases with one out , but Kole Calhoun popped up and Mike Trout grounded to third	False
C. J. Wilson yielded seven hits and blew a three - run lead while pitching into the sixth inning for the Angels . Gordon Beckham had an early two - run single for the Angels , but Oakland closed to 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
C. J. Wilson yielded seven hits and blew a three - run lead while pitching into the sixth inning for the Angels . Gordon Beckham had an early two - run single for the Angels , but Oakland closed to 3 - 2 in the fifth . Josh Donaldson led off the sixth	True
Skip Schumaker drove in a pair of runs with a double and a single on Wednesday night , and the Cincinnati Reds withstood Jorge Soler 's first-at-bat homer and his RBI single for a 7 - 5 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Soler , a 22-year-old prospect from Cuba , was called up Wednesday after getting a nine - year , $ 30 million deal from the Cubs in 2012 . He started in right field and batted fifth	False
After Luis Valbuena led off the second inning with a homer off Latos , Soler hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the Reds ' bullpen in center field . The last Cub to homer in his first at-bat also did it in Cincinnati -- Starlin Castro off Homer Bailey on May 7 , 2010 . Soler also had an RBI single off Jonathan Broxton in the eighth	True
After Luis Valbuena led off the second inning with a homer off Latos , Soler hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the Reds ' bullpen in center field . The last Cub to homer in his first at-bat also did it in Cincinnati -- Starlin Castro off Homer Bailey on May 7 , 2010 . Soler also had an RBI single off Jonathan Broxton in the eighth , cutting it to 6 - 5 . Latos pitched into the eighth	True
Soler also had an RBI single off Jonathan Broxton in the eighth , cutting it to 6 - 5 . Latos pitched into the eighth and gave up four runs while fanning a season-high 10 batters . Pinch-hitter Chris Heisey homered in the bottom of the inning . Aroldis Chapman escaped a two - on threat in the ninth	True
The Reds took advantage of three Cubs errors and ended their four - game winning streak , one shy of their season high . The Reds are 24 - 10 against Chicago over the last two years , including 10 - 5 this season . The Reds sent nine batters to the plate and scored four times in the fourth inning , taking advantage of fielding errors by shortstop Starlin Castro and Valbuena at third	False
The Nationals had won 12 of 13 before losing three in a row in Philadelphia . They still have the best record ( 75 - 57 ) in the NL and a comfortable 6 1/2-game lead over Atlanta in the division . Byrd started Philadelphia 's rally in the sixth	True
Fister left after hitting the next batter , Ben Revere , with an 89 mph fastball on his right arm . Revere went down in pain , but stayed in the game . Byrd connected off Ross Detwiler in the seventh	True
Byrd connected off Ross Detwiler in the seventh for his team-high 24th homer . The Nationals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Nationals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third when Jayson Werth singled in Span , who led off the inning with a double . Span ripped a 427-foot homer off the railing in the second deck to make it 4 - 2 in the fifth	True
Span ripped a 427-foot homer off the railing in the second deck to make it 4 - 2 in the fifth . It was Span 's second homer this season in his 512th at-bat . Rollins hit a towering drive into the right field seats for his 17th homer to cut it to 2 - 1 in the first	True
Span ripped a 427-foot homer off the railing in the second deck to make it 4 - 2 in the fifth . It was Span 's second homer this season in his 512th at-bat . Rollins hit a towering drive into the right field seats for his 17th homer to cut it to 2 - 1 in the first . Chase Utley followed with a single to center . He scored when Span misplayed Ryan Howard 's single . The ball rolled past Span for an error and Howard ended up on second	False
Rollins hit a towering drive into the right field seats for his 17th homer to cut it to 2 - 1 in the first . Chase Utley followed with a single to center . He scored when Span misplayed Ryan Howard 's single . The ball rolled past Span for an error and Howard ended up on second . Howard added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Simon pitched seven strong innings to earn his first win in eight starts since the All-Star break and Todd Frazier homered as the Cincinnati Reds held on for a 5 - 3 win over the Atlanta Braves on Sunday . Simon ( 13 - 8 ) , who was 0 - 5 since pitching in the All-Star Game , opened with six shutout innings before yielding a run in the seventh	True
Simon decided that location was more important and made the adjustment . Manny Parra and Jumbo Diaz pitched the eighth	True
Simon decided that location was more important and made the adjustment . Manny Parra and Jumbo Diaz pitched the eighth . Logan Ondrusek allowed Evan Gattis 's 20th homer leading off the ninth	True
The Reds have won back-to-back games for the first time since winning three straight against Cleveland August 5 - 7 . The Braves had n't lost two straight games since Aug. 11 - 12 against the Dodgers . The Reds strung together five hits -- as many as they totaled in their 1 - 0 win on Saturday -- and scored three runs -- one more than their combined total in their previous three games -- to break up a scoreless tie in the fourth	True
Upton 's 25th homer , off Manny Parra ( 0 - 1 ) , gave Atlanta its seventh victory in eight games , a resurgence that has kept the Braves in the wild-card chase . David Hale ( 4 - 4 ) pitched out of a two - on threat in the 11th	True
The Reds managed only two hits -- a pair of singles by Billy Hamilton -- in their seventh consecutive loss . They fell seven games under .500 for the first time since 2009 . Cincinnati ( 61 - 68 ) has dropped out of contention by going 10 - 24 since the All-Star break . Minor has only one complete game in his career , but he held the Reds without a hit into the eighth	True
Mat Latos gave up nine hits -- matching his season high -- but limited the Braves to one run in six innings with the help of several run-saving defensive plays . Upton extended his hitting streak to 13 games with a single , helping the Braves load the bases with one out in the third	True
Mat Latos gave up nine hits -- matching his season high -- but limited the Braves to one run in six innings with the help of several run-saving defensive plays . Upton extended his hitting streak to 13 games with a single , helping the Braves load the bases with one out in the third . Cozart saved at least one run by making a diving stop on Tommy La Stella 's grounder to the hole at shortstop and getting a forceout at second	False
Upton extended his hitting streak to 13 games with a single , helping the Braves load the bases with one out in the third . Cozart saved at least one run by making a diving stop on Tommy La Stella 's grounder to the hole at shortstop and getting a forceout at second , holding Atlanta to one run on the play . Second baseman Brandon Phillips saved two more runs in the sixth	True
Upton extended his hitting streak to 13 games with a single , helping the Braves load the bases with one out in the third . Cozart saved at least one run by making a diving stop on Tommy La Stella 's grounder to the hole at shortstop and getting a forceout at second , holding Atlanta to one run on the play . Second baseman Brandon Phillips saved two more runs in the sixth . With runners on second	False
Upton extended his hitting streak to 13 games with a single , helping the Braves load the bases with one out in the third . Cozart saved at least one run by making a diving stop on Tommy La Stella 's grounder to the hole at shortstop and getting a forceout at second , holding Atlanta to one run on the play . Second baseman Brandon Phillips saved two more runs in the sixth . With runners on second and third	False
Danny Duffy ( 8 - 11 ) was cruising along with a 2 - 1 lead until a two - out error by third baseman Christian Colon in the sixth opened the door for a big inning . McBride lined a fastball from Duffy into the left-field bleachers and then zipped around the bases in exhilaration . It was McBride 's first homer since Sept. 25 , 2012 , and third	False
Even more , he improved to 9 - 2 at Coors Field -- a place that 's haunted many a pitcher , but not the hard-throwing lefty . Duffy was in command most of the night as he allowed five hits and five runs , one earned , in seven innings . After getting two quick outs in the sixth	True
Five of Washington 's past six victories have been by a single run , with four coming in its last at-bat . Harper opened the ninth	True
The National League East leaders also extended their home winning streak to eight and opened a seven - game lead over Atlanta . Rafael Soriano ( 3 - 1 ) pitched the ninth	True
Tanner Roark threw seven scoreless innings for the Nationals and left with a 2 - 0 lead . He gave up five hits . Roark is 5 - 1 with a 2.09 ERA over his past eight starts . The Diamondbacks tied it in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the eighth on Ender Inciarte 's two - run homer against reliever Tyler Clippard . Drew Storen replaced Clippard with one on in the eighth	True
Arizona starter Trevor Cahill allowed two runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings . Wilson Ramos ' RBI groundout in the second inning gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . Asdrubal Cabrera and Jayson Werth hit consecutive doubles to put Washington up 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
Victor Martinez drew a tiebreaking bases-loaded walk during a three - run 11th inning , and the Tigers beat the Rays 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Ian Kinsler opened the 11th	True
Hunter scored on Jeff Beliveau 's wild pitch , and Bryan Holaday added a sacrifice fly that gave Detroit an 8 - 5 lead . Jim Johnson ( 5 - 2 ) worked out of a two - on , two - out jam in the 10th	True
Hunter scored on Jeff Beliveau 's wild pitch , and Bryan Holaday added a sacrifice fly that gave Detroit an 8 - 5 lead . Jim Johnson ( 5 - 2 ) worked out of a two - on , two - out jam in the 10th . Joe Nathan gave up Evan Longoria 's RBI single in the 11th	True
Jim Johnson ( 5 - 2 ) worked out of a two - on , two - out jam in the 10th . Joe Nathan gave up Evan Longoria 's RBI single in the 11th before getting his 26th save . The Tigers , second	False
Scherzer allowed four runs and four hits over seven innings . The right-hander held Tampa Bay scoreless on one hit over his final five innings . J. D. Martinez hit a solo homer that put the Tigers up 5 - 4 in the eighth	True
J. D. Martinez hit a solo homer that put the Tigers up 5 - 4 in the eighth . Rajai Davis had a sixth-inning game-tying RBI single off Chris Archer , who gave up four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Tigers pulled within 4 - 3 in the fifth	True
The Tigers pulled within 4 - 3 in the fifth , thanks in part to a video review . After Kinsler walked with the bases loaded and Hunter hit a run-scoring grounder , Cabrera was given an RBI single following a challenge by Ausmus . The call that center fielder Desmond Jennings had made a sliding catch on Cabrera 's two - out liner was overturned . Loney 's homer put the Rays up 3 - 0 in the first	True
PITTSBURGH -- Justin Upton smashed his 24th home run of the season to spoil Andrew McCutchen 's return as the Atlanta Braves beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Upton 's three - run homer off Francisco Liriano ( 3 - 10 ) in the third broke things open early . He added a two - run single off reliever Brandon Cumpton in the fifth	True
Aaron Harang ( 10 - 7 ) struck out four without a walk in 8 1/3 innings . McCutchen went 0 for 4 in his first game back after missing two weeks with fractured cartilage in his ribs . The reigning National League MVP left the game after grounding into a double play in the bottom of the eighth	True
While Pittsburgh is slipping , the Braves are surging behind Upton , who is hitting .382 ( 13 for 34 ) with four homers during his 10-game hitting streak . Atlanta already led 1 - 0 in the third	True
Atlanta already led 1 - 0 in the third when Liriano -- who came in with a 2.15 ERA since the All-Star break -- allowed singles by Phil Gosselin and Freddie Freeman to start the inning . Upton sent a lined shot over the wall in left to make it 4 - 0 and the Braves kept piling on . Heyward drove home B. J. Upton in the fourth	True
Atlanta already led 1 - 0 in the third when Liriano -- who came in with a 2.15 ERA since the All-Star break -- allowed singles by Phil Gosselin and Freddie Freeman to start the inning . Upton sent a lined shot over the wall in left to make it 4 - 0 and the Braves kept piling on . Heyward drove home B. J. Upton in the fourth and Liriano 's control disappeared completely in the fifth	True
Liriano gave up nine runs , seven earned , in four - plus innings . He walked three and struck out four while his ERA rose from 3.78 to 4.18 . It was more than enough support for Harang , whose only real trouble came in the ninth	True
After another home run on Tuesday , is Oswaldo Arcia worth adding in fantasy ? Eric Karabell explores . Holt thought he might enter the game in the seventh	True
After another home run on Tuesday , is Oswaldo Arcia worth adding in fantasy ? Eric Karabell explores . Holt thought he might enter the game in the seventh or eighth inning . Instead , Indians bench coach Brad Mills fetched Holt from the batting cage in the sixth	True
Holt thought he might enter the game in the seventh or eighth inning . Instead , Indians bench coach Brad Mills fetched Holt from the batting cage in the sixth and told him he was pinch-hitting for Chris Dickerson . With two outs in the sixth	True
Michael Bourn singled home Holt to make it a two - run game . Oswaldo Arcia homered in his third straight game for Minnesota , capping a five - run first	True
Oswaldo Arcia homered in his third straight game for Minnesota , capping a five - run first where Joe Mauer and Kennys Vargas also drove in runs . However , Indians starter Trevor Bauer settled down and retired the next 14 batters before coming out for Kyle Crockett ( 3 - 0 ) , who got the final out in the fifth	True
Oswaldo Arcia homered in his third straight game for Minnesota , capping a five - run first where Joe Mauer and Kennys Vargas also drove in runs . However , Indians starter Trevor Bauer settled down and retired the next 14 batters before coming out for Kyle Crockett ( 3 - 0 ) , who got the final out in the fifth and one in the sixth	False
However , Indians starter Trevor Bauer settled down and retired the next 14 batters before coming out for Kyle Crockett ( 3 - 0 ) , who got the final out in the fifth and one in the sixth . Cody Allen -- the last of seven Indians relievers to appear in the game -- pitched the ninth	True
Cody Allen -- the last of seven Indians relievers to appear in the game -- pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 17 chances . Gomes homered in the second	True
Cody Allen -- the last of seven Indians relievers to appear in the game -- pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 17 chances . Gomes homered in the second and Zach Walters ' two - run single cut Minnesota 's lead to 5 - 3 in the fourth	True
Gomes homered in the second and Zach Walters ' two - run single cut Minnesota 's lead to 5 - 3 in the fourth . Arcia 's three - run homer was his fifth	False
Gomes homered in the second and Zach Walters ' two - run single cut Minnesota 's lead to 5 - 3 in the fourth . Arcia 's three - run homer was his fifth in his last seven games and 13th	False
Arcia 's three - run homer was his fifth in his last seven games and 13th this season , one shy of his 2013 rookie total . Minnesota starter Kyle Gibson allowed five runs in 5 1/3 innings and bounced a two - out , two - strike wild pitch in the fifth	True
The Reds have dropped seven of nine and are 18 - 30 in one - run games . Peralta had three hits , and his RBI single in the first	True
The Reds have dropped seven of nine and are 18 - 30 in one - run games . Peralta had three hits , and his RBI single in the first was just his second	False
The Reds have dropped seven of nine and are 18 - 30 in one - run games . Peralta had three hits , and his RBI single in the first was just his second in 32 at-bats against the Reds this season . He also doubled and scored the tying run on A. J. Pierzynski 's hit off Jumbo Diaz in the eighth	True
Peralta had three hits , and his RBI single in the first was just his second in 32 at-bats against the Reds this season . He also doubled and scored the tying run on A. J. Pierzynski 's hit off Jumbo Diaz in the eighth . Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 3 ) entered with one out in the 10th	True
Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 3 ) entered with one out in the 10th and gave up consecutive singles to Matt Holliday , Matt Adams and Peralta . Ondrusek ( strained right shoulder ) had been activated from the disabled list earlier in the day . Bruce doubled off Rosenthal to tie it in the ninth	True
Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 3 ) entered with one out in the 10th and gave up consecutive singles to Matt Holliday , Matt Adams and Peralta . Ondrusek ( strained right shoulder ) had been activated from the disabled list earlier in the day . Bruce doubled off Rosenthal to tie it in the ninth after Hamilton drew a leadoff walk , then stole his 46th base and went to third	False
Bruce doubled off Rosenthal to tie it in the ninth after Hamilton drew a leadoff walk , then stole his 46th base and went to third with one out . Rosenthal was pulled after he walked the bases full with one out Sunday , and Seth Maness finished for his second save . Rosenthal has allowed four runs in 2 1/3 innings in his past three outings . Maness retired Zack Cozart on a foul pop with the bases loaded to end the top of the eighth	False
Maness retired Zack Cozart on a foul pop with the bases loaded to end the top of the eighth . Bruce 's three - run homer , his 14th shot of the season , capped a four - run fifth	True
Bruce 's three - run homer , his 14th shot of the season , capped a four - run fifth against Justin Masterson for a 4 - 3 lead . Bruce also set a franchise record with his 890th game in right field , which broke the mark set by Ival Goodman from 1935 to 1942 . Pinch-hitter Daniel Descalso 's RBI double off Mike Leake tied it in the seventh	True
Given an opportunity to play regularly of late , Flores finally provided a spark with his bat and glove in leading Jonathon Niese and the New York Mets to a 7 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs . Juan Lagares drove in two runs and reliever Vic Black escaped a major jam unscathed to keep New York in control after Niese exited . Star third baseman David Wright also was removed in the seventh	True
New York manager Terry Collins said Wright was pretty sore and probably will get at least one day off . The 23-year-old Flores , a touted hitting prospect trying to show he can play adequate defense at shortstop , followed Lagares ' RBI double with a two - run single in the second	True
Welington Castillo and Justin Ruggiano homered for the last-place Cubs , who have lost three straight . Niese took a 7 - 1 lead into the seventh	True
Niese departed with the bases loaded and New York ahead 7 - 3 . Black , who has excelled at stranding inherited runners , retired the top three batters in Chicago 's lineup to stop the rally . Niese had an RBI groundout in a four - run sixth	True
Niese had an RBI groundout in a four - run sixth , when the only Mets hit was a single by Travis d'Arnaud . Niese has won consecutive starts after dropping four in a row immediately following his return from the disabled list July 21 . Called up from Triple-A Iowa to make a spot start , Straily ( 0 - 1 ) retired 12 straight before suddenly losing his command in the sixth	True
Jeter is retiring after this season and playing in his final weekend games at Tampa Bay . The Yankees do return for three weekday games in September . Brett Gardner opened the ninth	True
Brett Gardner opened the ninth with an infield single off Jake McGee ( 3 - 1 ) and advanced on a throwing error by second baseman Logan Forsythe . After failing to lay down a sacrifice bunt , Jeter put New York ahead with a single to right-center on a 2 - 2 pitch . Dellin Betances ( 5 - 0 ) worked a perfect eighth	True
Rookie Shane Greene allowed two runs , seven hits and struck out a career-high 10 in six - plus innings . The Yankees took a lead in the second	True
Price is scheduled to pitch against Tampa Bay for the first time Thursday in the finale of a three - game series in Florida . After Yunel Escobar had a sixth-inning RBI single , Tampa Bay tied it at 2 on Ben Zobrist 's run-scoring grounder in the seventh	True
Mauer was elated to rejoin his team after a 34-game stint on the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . But his excitement was tempered when Josh Willingham , one of his best friends on the team , was traded to the Royals just before the game . A pair of walks by Josh Fields ( 2 - 5 ) left runners at first	False
Mauer was elated to rejoin his team after a 34-game stint on the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . But his excitement was tempered when Josh Willingham , one of his best friends on the team , was traded to the Royals just before the game . A pair of walks by Josh Fields ( 2 - 5 ) left runners at first and second	False
Mauer was elated to rejoin his team after a 34-game stint on the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . But his excitement was tempered when Josh Willingham , one of his best friends on the team , was traded to the Royals just before the game . A pair of walks by Josh Fields ( 2 - 5 ) left runners at first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
Mauer , who doubled in the third inning , extended his hitting streak to 13 games in his first game since July 1 . Brian Duensing ( 3 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the eighth inning for the win and Glen Perkins pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Houston starter Brad Peacock allowed seven hits and two runs in five innings . Eduardo Escobar was at third	False
Houston starter Brad Peacock allowed seven hits and two runs in five innings . Eduardo Escobar was at third with two outs in the fourth	True
Eduardo Escobar was at third with two outs in the fourth when an error by Peacock on a pickoff attempt at first base allowed him to score and make it 2 - 1 . First baseman Jon Singleton crashed into first base umpire Bill Welke and knocked him to the ground as he chased the ball . Welke was OK but got up slowly and kept trying to brush the dirt off his uniform for more than an inning . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Leone ( 5 - 2 ) picked up the victory and Fernando Rodney earned his 33rd save . Taylor drew a leadoff walk in the seventh inning and moved to second	False
Taylor drew a leadoff walk in the seventh inning and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt by Sucre . Jackson singled to left as Taylor beat the throw home from Alejandro De Aza to give Seattle a 4 - 0 lead . Tyler Flowers homered off Tom Wilhelmsen to lead off the seventh	True
Tyler Flowers homered off Tom Wilhelmsen to lead off the seventh for Chicago . Rodney allowed the first two runners to reach in the ninth	True
Kurt Suzuki hit a tiebreaking double and Josh Willingham added two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Twins snapped a 12-game losing streak to Oakland by beating the A 's 6 - 1 on Sunday . Brian Dozier connected for his 20th homer in the first	True
Kurt Suzuki hit a tiebreaking double and Josh Willingham added two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Twins snapped a 12-game losing streak to Oakland by beating the A 's 6 - 1 on Sunday . Brian Dozier connected for his 20th homer in the first before Suzuki and Willingham each had a big hit against Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 2 ) in the eighth	True
Kurt Suzuki hit a tiebreaking double and Josh Willingham added two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Twins snapped a 12-game losing streak to Oakland by beating the A 's 6 - 1 on Sunday . Brian Dozier connected for his 20th homer in the first before Suzuki and Willingham each had a big hit against Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 2 ) in the eighth . Minnesota scored two more in the ninth	False
Hammel , who beat Tampa Bay his last time out , had lost his first four starts with Oakland after being acquired in a July 4 trade with the Chicago Cubs that also sent Jeff Samardzija to the AL West leaders . After they each allowed a run in the first	True
After they each allowed a run in the first , Hammel and Hughes quickly corrected most of the mistakes they made the rest of the way . But the biggest blunder might have been a self-inflicted one by the Twins . With two runners on in the seventh	True
After they each allowed a run in the first , Hammel and Hughes quickly corrected most of the mistakes they made the rest of the way . But the biggest blunder might have been a self-inflicted one by the Twins . With two runners on in the seventh , Jordan Schafer whiffed at a bunt and Eduardo Nunez was tagged out between third	False
With two runners on in the seventh , Jordan Schafer whiffed at a bunt and Eduardo Nunez was tagged out between third and home . Fernando Abad struck out Schafer on the next pitch . Minnesota more than made up for the mistake in the eighth	True
Iwakuma pitched seven innings of one - run ball despite some trouble with his off-speed repertoire , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 1 on Friday night for their fourth straight victory . Iwakuma ( 10 - 6 ) allowed just five hits despite struggling to throw strikes with his curveball and slider , and got a boost from Mike Zunino 's three - run homer in the fifth	True
Iwakuma improved to 5 - 2 with a 2.04 ERA in his last eight starts . He has pitched at least seven innings in his last seven outings . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Zunino moved into a tie for the major league lead in home runs by a catcher with his 18th of the season . Zunino 's opposite-field drive to right off Jose Quintana gave Seattle a 3 - 1 lead and came after Chicago third baseman Conor Gillaspie dropped a popup from Logan Morrison . Kendrys Morales added a sacrifice fly later in the inning . Dayan Viciedo continued his success against Seattle with an opposite-field homer on the first pitch he saw from Iwakuma in the fourth	True
Dayan Viciedo continued his success against Seattle with an opposite-field homer on the first pitch he saw from Iwakuma in the fourth , but that accounted for all of Chicago 's offense . The White Sox have lost four straight and six of seven . Quintana ( 6 - 8 ) retired 12 of his first 14 batters before falling apart in the fifth	True
Wainwright recovered from a shaky start to earn his 14th win , tying for the major league lead , and rookie Kolten Wong homered twice . Jhonny Peralta 's two - run double keyed a three - run first	True
Jhonny Peralta 's two - run double keyed a three - run first off Brandon Workman and Wong had his first multihomer game . The Cardinals took two of three from their stripped-down opponents , who beat them in the World Series last fall but are in last place in the AL East . Wainwright ( 14 - 6 ) needed 66 pitches to slog through the first three innings after the start was delayed by rain for more than an hour for the second straight night . The 6-foot-7 right-hander retired 11 in a row before the seventh	True
Wainwright has won at least 14 games each of the last three seasons . Wily Peralta won his 14th game earlier Thursday for the NL Central-leading Brewers , who are one game ahead of St. Louis . Workman ( 1 - 5 ) retired nine straight before Wong lined a 1 - 0 pitch over the right-field wall with one out in the fifth	True
Wainwright has won at least 14 games each of the last three seasons . Wily Peralta won his 14th game earlier Thursday for the NL Central-leading Brewers , who are one game ahead of St. Louis . Workman ( 1 - 5 ) retired nine straight before Wong lined a 1 - 0 pitch over the right-field wall with one out in the fifth to put the Cardinals up 4 - 2 . Wong then added his ninth homer in the seventh	True
Workman ( 1 - 5 ) retired nine straight before Wong lined a 1 - 0 pitch over the right-field wall with one out in the fifth to put the Cardinals up 4 - 2 . Wong then added his ninth homer in the seventh , a 423-foot shot off Craig Breslow . Mike Napoli and Christian Vasquez each drove in a run in the third	True
Workman ( 1 - 5 ) retired nine straight before Wong lined a 1 - 0 pitch over the right-field wall with one out in the fifth to put the Cardinals up 4 - 2 . Wong then added his ninth homer in the seventh , a 423-foot shot off Craig Breslow . Mike Napoli and Christian Vasquez each drove in a run in the third , Wainwright 's roughest inning . He had seven strikeouts and allowed seven hits , four of them in the third	True
He wo n't be in the minors for long as he is expected to rejoin the Mariners in 10 days when the team is in Philadelphia . A corresponding roster move will be made on Friday . Elias allowed only one walk before Conor Gillaspie hit a one - out double in the fifth	True
He wo n't be in the minors for long as he is expected to rejoin the Mariners in 10 days when the team is in Philadelphia . A corresponding roster move will be made on Friday . Elias allowed only one walk before Conor Gillaspie hit a one - out double in the fifth . Elias stranded Gillaspie , but left the game after giving up a two - run home run to Dayan Viciedo with two outs in the sixth	True
Elias allowed only one walk before Conor Gillaspie hit a one - out double in the fifth . Elias stranded Gillaspie , but left the game after giving up a two - run home run to Dayan Viciedo with two outs in the sixth . Elias allowed a season-low two hits , walked three , and struck out five . The Mariners gave him plenty of offense . Dustin Ackley had the first	False
Elias allowed only one walk before Conor Gillaspie hit a one - out double in the fifth . Elias stranded Gillaspie , but left the game after giving up a two - run home run to Dayan Viciedo with two outs in the sixth . Elias allowed a season-low two hits , walked three , and struck out five . The Mariners gave him plenty of offense . Dustin Ackley had the first of a team-high four RBI in the first	True
Scott Carroll ( 4 - 7 ) pitched five - plus innings , allowing seven runs and seven hits . He walked three and hit a batter . Four relievers combined to allow six runs , five hits , and four walks . Viciedo 's sixth-inning home run was his 15th	False
Viciedo 's sixth-inning home run was his 15th of the season . Alexei Ramirez added an RBI single in the eighth	True
The Reds won three of four in the annual series , splitting two games in Cleveland and sweeping a pair at Great American Ball Park . Bailey ( 9 - 5 ) had lost his last three starts against the Indians . After pitching out of trouble in the first	True
Bailey ( 9 - 5 ) had lost his last three starts against the Indians . After pitching out of trouble in the first , he settled in and allowed four hits while fanning eight . He also singled and scored . Bailey overcame an unsettling moment in the fifth inning , when Jose Ramirez lined a pitch directly at his face . The right-hander turned away and knocked down the ball with his glove , recovered and threw to first	False
Bailey overcame an unsettling moment in the fifth inning , when Jose Ramirez lined a pitch directly at his face . The right-hander turned away and knocked down the ball with his glove , recovered and threw to first from his knees . Three times , Bailey shook his head as he regained his composure . Hamilton had a hand in two of the four runs off left-hander T. J. House ( 1 - 3 ) , who made his 11th career start . House gave up eight hits while pitching into the seventh	True
The Reds have gone 8 - 12 since the All-Star break , leaving them stranded in fourth place in the NL Central with a 59 - 56 record . The Indians are 10 - 11 since the break , leaving them 57 - 58 overall . Hamilton singled in the first	True
Hamilton singled in the first and scored on first baseman Carlos Santana 's throwing error . Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . Bailey singled and scored on Hamilton 's triple in the second inning . Hamilton rounded third	True
Hamilton singled in the first and scored on first baseman Carlos Santana 's throwing error . Ryan Ludwick 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 . Bailey singled and scored on Hamilton 's triple in the second inning . Hamilton rounded third too far and was caught in a rundown for the final out of the inning , leaving it 3 - 0 . Kristopher Negron added an RBI single in the sixth	True
It is the first time since May 2012 that the Braves , who were swept at Dodger Stadium and San Diego before losing two straight at Safeco Field , have lost eight in a row . Young ( 10 - 6 ) , who allowed all three runs in the third	True
It is the first time since May 2012 that the Braves , who were swept at Dodger Stadium and San Diego before losing two straight at Safeco Field , have lost eight in a row . Young ( 10 - 6 ) , who allowed all three runs in the third , was immediately picked up by his teammates , as the Mariners responded with a four - run third	True
Even after allowing Ackley 's homer , Teheran appeared to have settled down with two quick outs and a 3 - 2 advantage . Kyle Seager and Chris Taylor hit back-to-back singles , though , and Morrison deposited a fastball into the right-field seats . After Young protected the 5 - 3 lead through the fifth	True
After Young protected the 5 - 3 lead through the fifth , the bullpen took over . After a quick hit , four Seattle relievers combined to throw four innings of scoreless relief , allowing three hits . Seager drove in Seattle 's first run with a single in the first	True
Seager drove in Seattle 's first run with a single in the first , and Taylor and Kendrys Morales later added RBI singles . The Braves scored all three runs in the third	True
Seager drove in Seattle 's first run with a single in the first , and Taylor and Kendrys Morales later added RBI singles . The Braves scored all three runs in the third , with Freddie Freeman driving in two with a bases-loaded double , but Tommy La Stella was thrown out trying to score from first	False
Cold numbers were rendered completely meaningless by the Seattle slugger , who provided the struggling Mariners with a pivotal three - run homer in a 6 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Saturday night . Cano was 2 for 23 lifetime against Gonzalez ( 5 - 6 ) before driving a split-finger fastball into the seats in right field to put the Mariners up 4 - 1 . It was his eighth home run of the year , the first	False
Relievers Dominic Leone ( 4 - 2 ) , Brandon Maurer , Yoervis Medina , Charlie Furbush and Fernando Rodney followed with a combined 4 2/3 innings of four - hit ball . With the score 1-all in the fifth	True
Relievers Dominic Leone ( 4 - 2 ) , Brandon Maurer , Yoervis Medina , Charlie Furbush and Fernando Rodney followed with a combined 4 2/3 innings of four - hit ball . With the score 1-all in the fifth , Jackson got his first hit with the Mariners , a single . He took third	False
Joseph homered in the bottom half to hasten Paxton 's exit . Morales made it 6 - 2 with a two - run single in the ninth	True
Paxton faced only two batters before falling behind . Nick Markakis drew a leadoff walk and scored on a double by Machado . Ackley tied it in the third	True
Paxton faced only two batters before falling behind . Nick Markakis drew a leadoff walk and scored on a double by Machado . Ackley tied it in the third with his sixth home run , the first	False
The 21-game hitting streak is the longest by a White Sox player since Carlos Lee 's club-record run of 28 in 2004 . Abreu has reached base in 10 straight plate appearances . No White Sox player has done that since Frank Thomas set a team mark of 15 in 1997 . Paul Konerko and Alexei Ramirez delivered consecutive RBI singles in the eighth	True
Paul Konerko and Alexei Ramirez delivered consecutive RBI singles in the eighth to give Chicago an 8 - 7 lead . Tyler Flowers added a run-scoring single in the inning after hitting a solo homer earlier in the game . Alejandro De Aza capped the decisive rally with another RBI single , and the White Sox overcame a shaky start by Sale to win for the sixth time in eight games . The Twins had the bases loaded with no outs in the ninth	True
The teams combined for 31 hits -- 17 for Chicago -- and spent most of the game trading leads . The Twins went up 7 - 6 in the top half of the eighth	True
The Twins went up 7 - 6 in the top half of the eighth on a solo homer by Chris Parmelee off Eric Surkamp , only to have the White Sox answer in a big way in the bottom half . That rally made a winner of Javy Guerra ( 1 - 2 ) , who retired the final two batters in the eighth	False
Houston got an insurance run on a sacrifice fly by Robbie Grossman . Jose Veras ( 1 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the eighth inning for the win and Chad Qualls threw a scoreless ninth	True
Jose Veras ( 1 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the eighth inning for the win and Chad Qualls threw a scoreless ninth for his 12th save . Melky Cabrera singled with one out in the first	True
Jose Veras ( 1 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the eighth inning for the win and Chad Qualls threw a scoreless ninth for his 12th save . Melky Cabrera singled with one out in the first and reached third	False
On the mound , Chen was fully focused as he won his fifth consecutive start and had a season-high eight strikeouts to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 2 - 1 victory over the Mariners . Baltimore has won nine of its past 11 games and remained atop the AL League East . An RBI single by Manny Machado in the third	True
Baltimore has won nine of its past 11 games and remained atop the AL League East . An RBI single by Manny Machado in the third , snapped the Orioles ' scoreless streak at 19 innings . Chen ( 12 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits with one walk over 7 1/3 innings . Andrew Miller , acquired from Boston on Thursday , pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Mariners left-hander Roenis Elias ( 8 - 9 ) allowed two runs and seven hits with seven strikeouts and one walk over 5 2/3 innings . It was his longest outing since June 28 against Cleveland . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead on Machado 's single in the third	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead on Machado 's single in the third . The Mariners answered the next inning on a double by Kendrys Morales that scored Cano when Orioles catcher Caleb Joseph could not hold onto a relay throw by J. J. Hardy . That snapped a streak of 11 consecutive scoreless innings by Chen against Seattle . In the sixth	True
Manager Clint Hurdle indicated Edinson Volquez likely will start the playoff game , although he declined to make it official . Volquez has allowed only four earned runs and 16 hits in his last five starts at PNC Park spanning 34 2/3 innings . Jason Bourgeois opened the eighth	True
Cueto gave up six hits in eight innings , including Neil Walker 's homer , as he became the first Reds pitcher to win 20 games since Danny Jackson in 1988 . He 's the first Reds right-hander to win 20 since 1965 , when Sammy Ellis and Jim Maloney did it . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
The right-hander had a tough first inning , giving up back-to-back singles by Negron and Brandon Phillips . Todd Frazier 's groundout made it 1 - 0 . Cole went on a streak of retiring 19 of 20 batters , extending his run of impressive September pitching . Cole is 8 - 1 in 11 career starts during the month . Harrison went 0 for 4 , ending his career-high 15-game hitting streak and ending his chances for the NL batting title . He started the day at .318 , a point behind Justin Morneau , but slipped to .315 . He was n't disappointed at finishing second	False
Abreu broke a 31-year-old franchise record for the most homers in a season by a rookie , previously held by Ron Kittle . They are the most by a rookie since St. Louis ' Albert Pujols hit 37 in 2001 . White Sox catcher Josh Phegley homered in the second	True
The Royals mounted a rally in the eighth inning against Chicago 's bullpen . After the first two batters reached , Lorenzo Cain singled home Alcides Escobar to cut the deficit to 5 - 3 . But Hosmer hit into a double play , and Billy Butler grounded out to end the threat . Kansas City threatened again in the ninth	True
Miami 's Nathan Eovaldi ( 6 - 14 ) gave up two runs in seven innings in a game played a day after the Nationals , who are now 95 - 66 , assured themselves of home-field advantage throughout the NL playoffs -- and a week after the Marlins were officially eliminated from wild-card contention . Williams trotted out what might be the lineup for Game 1 of Washington 's NL division series Friday . But he also removed starters starting in the sixth	True
Miami 's Nathan Eovaldi ( 6 - 14 ) gave up two runs in seven innings in a game played a day after the Nationals , who are now 95 - 66 , assured themselves of home-field advantage throughout the NL playoffs -- and a week after the Marlins were officially eliminated from wild-card contention . Williams trotted out what might be the lineup for Game 1 of Washington 's NL division series Friday . But he also removed starters starting in the sixth , when Ryan Zimmerman went in to play first base for Adam LaRoche . Zimmerman recently returned after missing 55 games because of an injured right hamstring ; he made a fielding error , failing to glove a grounder in the ninth	True
The game came hours after the Diamondbacks announced manager Kirk Gibson had been fired . Neshek , superb all season but struggling some recently , gave up three runs that tied it for Arizona in the sixth	True
The game came hours after the Diamondbacks announced manager Kirk Gibson had been fired . Neshek , superb all season but struggling some recently , gave up three runs that tied it for Arizona in the sixth . Two of the hits were bloop singles . The second	True
Neshek , superb all season but struggling some recently , gave up three runs that tied it for Arizona in the sixth . Two of the hits were bloop singles . The second of them , by Didi Gregorius , brought in two runs . Ender Inciarte followed with a sharp hit to left that , to the good fortune of the Cardinals , bounced into the seats for an RBI ground-rule double . Gregorius , who had crossed the plate with what would have been the go-ahead run , had to go back to third	False
But the Cardinals did n't let this one get away . Marco Gonzales ( 4 - 2 ) shut down the Diamondbacks in the ninth	True
Marco Gonzales ( 4 - 2 ) shut down the Diamondbacks in the ninth to set the stage for the Cardinals ' 10th-inning success . Peralta also had a two - run double in a game St. Louis led 6 - 3 going into the eighth	True
Evan Marshall ( 4 - 4 ) took the loss . Trevor Rosenthal pitched a perfect 10th	True
Trevor Rosenthal pitched a perfect 10th for his 45th save in 51 opportunities . St. Louis was trailing 2 - 1 in the sixth inning when Peralta launched a bases-loaded double over the head of A. J. Pollock in deep center , bringing in two runs . Yadier Molina followed with a sacrifice fly and it was 4 - 2 . The Cardinals added two more in the seventh	True
St. Louis was trailing 2 - 1 in the sixth inning when Peralta launched a bases-loaded double over the head of A. J. Pollock in deep center , bringing in two runs . Yadier Molina followed with a sacrifice fly and it was 4 - 2 . The Cardinals added two more in the seventh Michael Wacha got a no-decision after leaving with a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
St. Louis was trailing 2 - 1 in the sixth inning when Peralta launched a bases-loaded double over the head of A. J. Pollock in deep center , bringing in two runs . Yadier Molina followed with a sacrifice fly and it was 4 - 2 . The Cardinals added two more in the seventh Michael Wacha got a no-decision after leaving with a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth . He retired 10 in a row before Mark Trumbo 's leadoff single ended his night in the sixth	True
Webster ( 5 - 3 ) was charged with one run and seven hits in his best start since he joined the rotation . The 24-year old rookie right-hander struck out five and walked one . Leading 3 - 1 in the third	True
Hellickson lasted just 2 1/3 innings , getting tagged for six runs -- five earned -- and eight hits . Vazquez 's two - run homer bounced off a billboard above the Monster , lifting the Red Sox to a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
Vazquez 's two - run homer bounced off a billboard above the Monster , lifting the Red Sox to a 3 - 1 lead in the second . The ball was picked up by a ball girl , handed to a security guard and given to Red Sox third base coach Brian Butterfield . Daniel Nava 's sacrifice fly gave Boston a 1 - 0 edge in the first	True
The worst the Tigers can end up with now is a wild card . Detroit is trying for its fourth straight AL Central crown , and the Tigers took a two - game lead over second-place Kansas City , which lost at Cleveland . Detroit 's magic number to clinch the division is three . With one out in the sixth	True
The worst the Tigers can end up with now is a wild card . Detroit is trying for its fourth straight AL Central crown , and the Tigers took a two - game lead over second-place Kansas City , which lost at Cleveland . Detroit 's magic number to clinch the division is three . With one out in the sixth and Chicago up 1 - 0 , Sale 's first pitch to Martinez hit the Detroit slugger . Martinez walked slowly to first	False
The worst the Tigers can end up with now is a wild card . Detroit is trying for its fourth straight AL Central crown , and the Tigers took a two - game lead over second-place Kansas City , which lost at Cleveland . Detroit 's magic number to clinch the division is three . With one out in the sixth and Chicago up 1 - 0 , Sale 's first pitch to Martinez hit the Detroit slugger . Martinez walked slowly to first , and the two started jawing at each other . Sale appeared to point out toward center field in agitated fashion as Martinez went to first	False
The benches and bullpens emptied , but order was quickly restored . J. D. Martinez followed with a double and Nick Castellanos hit a sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Ian Kinsler 's RBI double the following inning off Javy Guerra ( 2 - 4 ) put Detroit ahead , and when Kinsler reached second	False
Ian Kinsler 's RBI double the following inning off Javy Guerra ( 2 - 4 ) put Detroit ahead , and when Kinsler reached second , he put his hands up in front of his eyes , pantomiming someone looking through binoculars . Miguel Cabrera added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Ian Kinsler 's RBI double the following inning off Javy Guerra ( 2 - 4 ) put Detroit ahead , and when Kinsler reached second , he put his hands up in front of his eyes , pantomiming someone looking through binoculars . Miguel Cabrera added a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Detroit scored three runs in the eighth	True
Wieland held the Rockies to three runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth	True
Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his 10th save in With the Padres trailing 1 - 0 after Charlie Blackmon homered leading off the game , Medica homered off Yohan Flande into the lower deck on the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner at Petco Park with two outs in the bottom of the first	True
Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his 10th save in With the Padres trailing 1 - 0 after Charlie Blackmon homered leading off the game , Medica homered off Yohan Flande into the lower deck on the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner at Petco Park with two outs in the bottom of the first . It was his ninth	False
With the Padres trailing 1 - 0 after Charlie Blackmon homered leading off the game , Medica homered off Yohan Flande into the lower deck on the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner at Petco Park with two outs in the bottom of the first . It was his ninth . Yangervis Solarte was aboard on a leadoff walk and Yasmani Grandal was on base after getting hit by a pitch . Blackmon homered to right to open the game , his 19th . It was his fifth	False
Blackmon homered to right to open the game , his 19th . It was his fifth this year from the leadoff spot . The Rockies pulled to 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
Flande ( 0 - 6 ) allowed four runs and four hits in four innings , struck out four and walked one . Medica doubled down the right-field line in the fourth	True
Wainwright ( 20 - 9 ) won his fifth straight start and made it look easy , striking out eight and walking one . He gave up a double to Anthony Rizzo with two out in the first	True
Wainwright ( 20 - 9 ) won his fifth straight start and made it look easy , striking out eight and walking one . He gave up a double to Anthony Rizzo with two out in the first and did not allow another hit until back-to-back singles by Luis Valbuena and Welington Castillo with two out in the seventh	True
He got plenty of support in this one , with the Cardinals pounding Travis Wood ( 8 - 13 ) for seven runs and eight hits over five innings . The Cardinals scored four in the fourth	True
He got plenty of support in this one , with the Cardinals pounding Travis Wood ( 8 - 13 ) for seven runs and eight hits over five innings . The Cardinals scored four in the fourth and three in the fifth	False
Matt Holliday had two hits and scored two runs . He also drove in one . Matt Adams chipped in with two hits and two RBIs . Jon Jay added two hits and drove in three , capping a four - run fourth	True
Matt Adams chipped in with two hits and two RBIs . Jon Jay added two hits and drove in three , capping a four - run fourth with a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 . Holliday also had a run-scoring double to left and Yadier Molina singled in a run in that inning , and the Cardinals broke it open in the fifth	True
Holliday also had a run-scoring double to left and Yadier Molina singled in a run in that inning , and the Cardinals broke it open in the fifth . Matt Carpenter led off that inning with a walk and was ruled safe at second	False
Lobstein ( 1 - 1 ) was trying for his second victory , but did n't get any offensive support . He allowed two runs on five hits and a walk in a career-best seven innings . Chicago took a 2 - 0 lead with a two - out rally in the second	True
Chicago took a 2 - 0 lead with a two - out rally in the second . Carlos Sanchez hit a ground-rule double to left-center and , on the next pitch , Flowers lined a homer into the White Sox bullpen . Detroit had a pair of early threats , but Kinsler was caught stealing in the first inning -- leaving the bases empty for Miguel Cabrera 's 50th double . Right fielder Avisail Garcia robbed Cabrera of a probable RBI double with a sliding catch in the third	True
Detroit had a pair of early threats , but Kinsler was caught stealing in the first inning -- leaving the bases empty for Miguel Cabrera 's 50th double . Right fielder Avisail Garcia robbed Cabrera of a probable RBI double with a sliding catch in the third . Cabrera hit another ball hard off Bassitt in the eighth	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The long wait through an inning in which the Chicago White Sox were backing him with six runs might have damaged John Danks ' no-hit chances , but he was n't complaining . Brandon Guyer 's one - out double in the sixth	True
Garcia 's first homer started a four - run second inning against Nathan Karns ( 1 - 1 ) during which Marcus Semien added a three - run homer . Garcia had three of Chicago 's 12 hits , including his sixth	False
Kennedy 's outing followed strong starts by Odrisamer Despaigne and Andrew Cashner . Vogelsong ( 8 - 12 ) held the Padres hitless until Seth Smith doubled into the gap in right-center leading off the fifth	True
Vogelsong ( 8 - 12 ) held the Padres hitless until Seth Smith doubled into the gap in right-center leading off the fifth . Smith advanced on Rivera 's single to left and scored on Amarista 's sacrifice fly . The Padres piled on in the sixth	True
The Padres piled on in the sixth with four runs , three unearned , off three pitchers . Yangervis Solarte and Will Venable singled opening the sixth	True
Yangervis Solarte and Will Venable singled opening the sixth and a throwing error by third baseman Pablo Sandoval on Jedd Gyorko 's grounder loaded the bases and chased Vogelsong . Javier Lopez allowed a sacrifice fly by Grandal and walked Seth Smith to again load the bases . George Kontos came on and allowed Rivera 's RBI groundout . Alexi Amarista was intentionally walked and Maybin hit a two - run single . Grandal hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
Vogelsong allowed four runs , two earned , in five innings while striking out five and walking one . Giants rookie Chris Dominguez hit a two - run homer to left off Kennedy with two outs in the seventh	True
Chris Young ( 12 - 9 ) was tagged for seven runs in three - plus innings . Keuchel ( 12 - 9 ) pitched eight strong innings , striking out eighth	False
McClendon complimented Keuchel on his outing and attempted to clear the air regarding the comments he made earlier this year . Carter and Presley homered one batter apart in the first inning . Dominguez and Corporan connected off Young on consecutive pitches in the fourth	True
Young was tagged for seven runs and eight hits . He also threw two wild pitches . Robinson Cano hit an RBI single for Seattle run in the third	True
Baltimore 's likely starter in Game 1 of the playoffs , Tillman is 6 - 0 in 13 starts since July 12 . Jones connected against Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 8 ) in the third inning and Heath Hembree in the fifth	True
Baltimore 's likely starter in Game 1 of the playoffs , Tillman is 6 - 0 in 13 starts since July 12 . Jones connected against Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 8 ) in the third inning and Heath Hembree in the fifth . It was his sixth career two - homer game , the second	False
Jones connected against Rubby De La Rosa ( 4 - 8 ) in the third inning and Heath Hembree in the fifth . It was his sixth career two - homer game , the second this season . Christian Walker also went deep for Baltimore , hitting a solo shot in the fourth	True
Christian Walker also went deep for Baltimore , hitting a solo shot in the fourth for his first major league homer . Boston got another home run from David Ortiz , his third	False
After Mookie Betts walked to open the game , Ortiz hit a 75 mph curveball into the seats in left-center . He was previously 2 for 24 against Tillman with no home runs . Jones tied it in the third	True
Jones tied it in the third with Baltimore 's major league-leading 200th home run of the season . The Orioles have hit at least 200 in three straight years for the first time in franchise history . Inserted as a late replacement for Pearce , Walker led off the fourth	True
Archer pitched scoreless ball into the seventh inning , but the Rays were unable to complete a major league-leading 22nd shutout . Marcus Semien 's pinch-hit single off Jake McGee in the ninth	True
Archer pitched scoreless ball into the seventh inning , but the Rays were unable to complete a major league-leading 22nd shutout . Marcus Semien 's pinch-hit single off Jake McGee in the ninth , Chicago 's only hit after the fourth	True
The Tigers scored early and often and blew out the Royals to increase their lead in the American League Central , Jason Collette writes . Justin Verlander ( 14 - 12 ) had all the support he needed by the end of the first inning , when the Tigers had shelled Vargas ( 11 - 10 ) for three runs on five hits . Detroit tacked on a run in the second	True
The Tigers scored early and often and blew out the Royals to increase their lead in the American League Central , Jason Collette writes . Justin Verlander ( 14 - 12 ) had all the support he needed by the end of the first inning , when the Tigers had shelled Vargas ( 11 - 10 ) for three runs on five hits . Detroit tacked on a run in the second , another in the fourth	True
The Tigers scored early and often and blew out the Royals to increase their lead in the American League Central , Jason Collette writes . Justin Verlander ( 14 - 12 ) had all the support he needed by the end of the first inning , when the Tigers had shelled Vargas ( 11 - 10 ) for three runs on five hits . Detroit tacked on a run in the second , another in the fourth and then broke things open with a five - run fifth	True
It took about 15 minutes for silence to grip the ballpark . Kinsler led off the game with a single , and after Hunter flied out , the Tigers rapped out three straight hits to take the lead . Hunter got his hit the next inning , an RBI double , and James McCann became the last Detroit player in the starting lineup with a hit in the fourth	True
Kinsler led off the game with a single , and after Hunter flied out , the Tigers rapped out three straight hits to take the lead . Hunter got his hit the next inning , an RBI double , and James McCann became the last Detroit player in the starting lineup with a hit in the fourth . His single and ensuing stolen base were the first	False
In his last seven starts , Peavy is 6 - 1 with a 1.13 ERA . Santiago Casilla pitched a perfect ninth	True
Collmenter does n't understand it , either . Posey 's 21st home run of the season put the Giants up 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
Posey 's 21st home run of the season put the Giants up 1 - 0 in the fourth . The Diamondbacks tied it in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the sixth when Chris Owings tripled to deep center and scored on A. J. Pollock 's single . San Francisco regained the lead for good in the seventh	True
Keuchel ( 11 - 9 ) faced the minimum 21 batters from the major league-leading Angels through seven innings on a rare 100-degree day at the Big A , overpowering a lineup that has scored a big league-best 728 runs . The left-hander yielded three late hits , giving up David Freese 's RBI single in the eighth	True
The left-hander yielded three late hits , giving up David Freese 's RBI single in the eighth on his 114th and final pitch . Mike Trout 's one - out single in the seventh	True
The Angels scored 86 runs during their winning streak while running away with the division lead , but their hot run ended on a stifling day in Orange County . Keuchel , who fell one out shy of a shutout at Anaheim in May , is a consummate ground-ball pitcher who has emerged as one of the AL 's best left-handers in his third big league season . Throwing strikes and forcing repeated groundouts , he retired the first 15 Angels before Chris Iannetta drew a full-count walk leading off the sixth	True
Doug Fister was handed a 6 - 0 lead and breezed to his fourth win in four career starts against the Mets -- all in the past 13 months . One night after their 12-game winning streak at Citi Field was snapped , the Nationals went right back to dominating New York on a dreary night in Queens . Desmond got three hits and stole two bases . He also drew a leadoff walk from an ineffective Zack Wheeler ( 10 - 10 ) in the second	True
Then , he gave them a scintillating victory . Young doubled in the eighth inning for New York 's first hit and launched a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth	True
Young doubled in the eighth inning for New York 's first hit and launched a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth that rallied the Yankees to a 5 - 4 victory over the stunned Tampa Bay Rays . Pinch hitter Martin Prado connected for a two - run shot immediately after Cobb was pulled in the eighth	True
Moments later , Derek Jeter was hit by a pitch on the left elbow and bent over in obvious pain . Jeter stayed in the game , and X-rays were negative . He said he was fine . New York got a bigger scare in the ninth	True
Washington opened its NL East lead to 8 1/2 games over second-place Atlanta , and the Nationals lowered their magic number to nine for clinching their second division title in three seasons . They have the most consecutive victories at an opponent since Cincinnati won 12 straight at Wrigley Field from Aug. 10 , 2012 to June 12 , 2013 , according to STATS . After LaRoche 's homer , Colon hit Ian Desmond with a pitch near the waist two pitches later . Rendon , playing after missing a game because of a cold , hit another two - run homer in the fourth	True
Colon allowed six runs -- five earned -- seven hits and two walks in three - plus innings . Colon has a 7.07 ERA in the first inning with 22 earned runs and 38 hits in 28 innings . Roark gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win four the first time in four starts since Aug. 20 . After Dilson Herrera 's RBI single in the seventh	True
Roark gave up two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings to win four the first time in four starts since Aug. 20 . After Dilson Herrera 's RBI single in the seventh , Craig Stammen relieved with the bases loaded and got Wilmer Flores to hit into an inning-ending double play . Matt Thornton hit Daniel Murphy on the left wrist in the eighth	True
BOSTON -- When Wei-Yin Chen saw right fielder Nick Markakis make a diving grab in the fifth inning , sure , he thought about a perfect game . Chen did n't permit a runner until the sixth	True
Chen did n't permit a runner until the sixth , Adam Jones helped provide an early cushion and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 10 - 6 Wednesday for a three - game sweep . The Orioles took an 8 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Chen did n't permit a runner until the sixth , Adam Jones helped provide an early cushion and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 10 - 6 Wednesday for a three - game sweep . The Orioles took an 8 - 0 lead in the fifth . Markakis robbed Allen Craig with a catch in the gap for the second	False
The Orioles took an 8 - 0 lead in the fifth . Markakis robbed Allen Craig with a catch in the gap for the second out in the bottom of the inning . Dan Butler then doubled off the Green Monster with one out in the sixth	True
Chen ( 15 - 4 ) gave up one run and three hits in seven innings , striking out four without a walk . The left-hander felt throwing strikes early in counts was important . The Red Sox scored five runs in the ninth	True
Brandon Workman ( 1 - 9 ) lost his ninth straight decision since winning at Baltimore on June 10 . Jones ' two - run double highlighted a six - run third	True
Brandon Workman ( 1 - 9 ) lost his ninth straight decision since winning at Baltimore on June 10 . Jones ' two - run double highlighted a six - run third , and Joseph hit a two - run drive in the fifth	True
Chen improved to 12 - 2 in his last 21 starts . The only run off the left-hander scored on a home run by Xander Bogaerts . Carlos Rivero hit his first career homer , a three - run shot off Joe Saunders , in the ninth	True
Carlos Rivero hit his first career homer , a three - run shot off Joe Saunders , in the ninth . The Orioles combined six hits -- two by Flaherty -- two walks and Rivero 's throwing error from third base for their burst in the third	True
Jose Bautista went 0 for 2 with two walks , snapping his hitting streak at 13 games , but the Blue Jays improved to 7 - 2 in September . Javier Baez drew a one - out walk in the first	True
Jose Bautista went 0 for 2 with two walks , snapping his hitting streak at 13 games , but the Blue Jays improved to 7 - 2 in September . Javier Baez drew a one - out walk in the first and had rounded third	False
Jose Bautista went 0 for 2 with two walks , snapping his hitting streak at 13 games , but the Blue Jays improved to 7 - 2 in September . Javier Baez drew a one - out walk in the first and had rounded third on Luis Valbuena 's double when he saw the stop sign from third base coach Gary Jones . Baez tried to retreat but was thrown out at third	False
Chicago did n't get another runner until Chris Coghlan 's two - out double in the sixth snapped a streak of 15 consecutive outs . Leading 1 - 0 on Anthony Gose 's sacrifice fly , Toronto chased right-hander Kyle Hendricks with a three - run sixth	True
Leading 1 - 0 on Anthony Gose 's sacrifice fly , Toronto chased right-hander Kyle Hendricks with a three - run sixth . Hendricks ( 6 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings to lose for the first time since July 27 against St. Louis . The Blue Jays added five more in the seventh	True
Leading 1 - 0 on Anthony Gose 's sacrifice fly , Toronto chased right-hander Kyle Hendricks with a three - run sixth . Hendricks ( 6 - 2 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings to lose for the first time since July 27 against St. Louis . The Blue Jays added five more in the seventh against a trio of relievers , and Canadian rookie Dalton Pompey made it 10 - 1 with a groundout in the eighth	True
Rajai Davis and J. D. Martinez homered for the Tigers , who can sweep the three - game series with a win Wednesday night . Scherzer ( 16 - 5 ) allowed a run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . Kansas City was down 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
Scherzer ( 16 - 5 ) allowed a run and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings . Kansas City was down 3 - 1 in the fifth when Gordon 's deep fly to right went just foul with two on . Gordon walked to load the bases with one out , but Salvador Perez lined out and Eric Hosmer struck out . Joe Nathan worked out of another jam in the ninth	True
Joe Nathan worked out of another jam in the ninth to earn his 30th save in 36 chances . He allowed two infield singles to start the inning before closing out the game with two strikeouts sandwiched around a picked-off runner . Pinch-runner Jarrod Dyson was the man who was picked off second	False
Scherzer had allowed 14 earned runs over his previous four starts -- not terrible , but below his standards as the reigning American League Cy Young Award winner . He 's had a hard time protecting leads lately . On Tuesday , the Tigers led 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
On Tuesday , the Tigers led 3 - 0 in the fifth when Omar Infante hit an RBI single for the Royals -- but Scherzer avoided the big inning . Martinez opened the scoring with a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Martinez opened the scoring with a sacrifice fly in the first , and Davis ' two - run homer in the second made it 3 - 0 . Martinez 's 20th homer of the season gave Detroit a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
On July 13 , Vargas was batting cleanup for the World Team in the Futures Game at Target Field . The Twins called him up from Double-A New Britain on Aug. 1 and he 's been on a tear ever since . Vargas drove in three runs Wednesday with an RBI single in the fifth inning and a two - run homer into the second deck in left field in the sixth	True
The right-hander allowed three runs and six hits while striking out six in five innings . The Twins broke loose for five runs in the fifth	True
Minnesota jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first behind Nunez 's RBI triple and back-to-back doubles from Josmil Pinto and Oswaldo Arcia . White Sox starter John Danks ( 9 - 10 ) settled down to hold the Twins scoreless for the next three innings , and Chicago got back into it . Dayan Viciedo 's two - run homer into the second deck in left brought the White Sox within a run , and Adam Eaton 's RBI single tied it in the fifth	True
DENVER -- Hunter Pence hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth	True
DENVER -- Hunter Pence hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth and , more than three months after he homered in the early innings , led the San Francisco Giants over the Colorado Rockies 4 - 2 on Monday in a game resumed after being suspended May 22 because of rain . The game restarted tied at 2 with two outs in the bottom of the sixth	True
DENVER -- Hunter Pence hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth and , more than three months after he homered in the early innings , led the San Francisco Giants over the Colorado Rockies 4 - 2 on Monday in a game resumed after being suspended May 22 because of rain . The game restarted tied at 2 with two outs in the bottom of the sixth and a runner on first	False
There were several oddities in this game because of the long layoff . Susac 's single in the eighth	True
The Rockies have four players appearing in the final box now on the DL -- shortstop Troy Tulowitzki , outfielder Michael Cuddyer , catcher Wilin Rosario and righty Tommy Kahnle . On May 22 , a run scored when Rosario grounded into a double play in the fifth	True
Following a 4 - 14 season with the Yankees last year , Hughes has accounted for 25 percent of Minnesota 's 60 wins . Mauer tripled in two runs in the sixth inning and added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Hughes should play a part , too . After Hughes left , Glen Perkins gave up a leadoff homer to Cruz in the ninth	True
Danny Santana and Brian Dozier hit one - out singles before Mauer hit an opposite-field liner to left that bounced off the wall toward center . Mauer ended up with his second triple of the season , and Kennys Vargas followed with a sacrifice fly . In the seventh	True
In the seventh , a single and a throwing error by third baseman Trevor Plouffe preceded Hundley 's two - out drive into the left-field seats . The deadlock did n't last long . Gausman gave up a leadoff walk in the eighth	True
In the seventh , a single and a throwing error by third baseman Trevor Plouffe preceded Hundley 's two - out drive into the left-field seats . The deadlock did n't last long . Gausman gave up a leadoff walk in the eighth , and an error by third baseman Jimmy Paredes put runners on second	False
In the seventh , a single and a throwing error by third baseman Trevor Plouffe preceded Hundley 's two - out drive into the left-field seats . The deadlock did n't last long . Gausman gave up a leadoff walk in the eighth , and an error by third baseman Jimmy Paredes put runners on second and third	False
In the seventh , a single and a throwing error by third baseman Trevor Plouffe preceded Hundley 's two - out drive into the left-field seats . The deadlock did n't last long . Gausman gave up a leadoff walk in the eighth , and an error by third baseman Jimmy Paredes put runners on second and third with no outs . Mauer singled off Andrew Miller , took second	False
A fifth-inning comebacker by Didi Gregorius hit off Ross ' glove but he threw out the runner . He tweaked his left knee on the play , which he and the training staff did n't realize until later . After Ross allowed a leadoff single by David Peralta in the sixth	True
After Ross allowed a leadoff single by David Peralta in the sixth , manager Bud Black and a trainer came out to check on the tall right-hander . Black left Ross in the game . He allowed two more singles , including an RBI hit by Miguel Montero , before striking out the side . Kevin Quackenbush struck out the side in the ninth	False
St. Louis moved into sole possession of first place in the NL Central for the first time this season with its third straight win . The Cardinals are one game ahead of Milwaukee , which lost to the Chicago Cubs . Pittsburgh dropped three games back . Kolten Wong started the three - run rally in the seventh	True
Holliday has driven in three runs or more in each of his last three games , the first St. Louis player to do so since Scott Rolen from Aug. 11 - 13 , 2002 . Pittsburgh starter Gerrit Cole ( 7 - 5 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Holliday in third	True
Cole allowed all five runs and eight hits over 6 1/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen homered for the Pirates off Kevin Siegrist in the seventh	True
Andrew McCutchen homered for the Pirates off Kevin Siegrist in the seventh to push the lead to 4 - 2 . The 454-foot shot was the second-longest by a visiting player in the history of the current Busch Stadium , which opened in 2006 . Pittsburgh jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead with two runs in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen homered for the Pirates off Kevin Siegrist in the seventh to push the lead to 4 - 2 . The 454-foot shot was the second-longest by a visiting player in the history of the current Busch Stadium , which opened in 2006 . Pittsburgh jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead with two runs in the first and one in the second	True
Pittsburgh jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead with two runs in the first and one in the second . Neil Walker hit a two - run double on the 10th pitch of the game to bring in Josh Harrison and McCutchen . Andrew Lambo added an RBI double in the second	True
After that , it was up to their defense and bullpen . Escobar turned a pair of double plays early in the game to help Vargas escape jams , and Gordon made a spectacular catch while crashing into the left-field wall to rob Hardy of extra bases leading off the fifth inning . In the sixth	True
Escobar turned a pair of double plays early in the game to help Vargas escape jams , and Gordon made a spectacular catch while crashing into the left-field wall to rob Hardy of extra bases leading off the fifth inning . In the sixth , second baseman Omar Infante was in perfect position to snag Nelson Cruz 's line drive and leave runners on the corners . Herrera breezed through the seventh	True
Escobar turned a pair of double plays early in the game to help Vargas escape jams , and Gordon made a spectacular catch while crashing into the left-field wall to rob Hardy of extra bases leading off the fifth inning . In the sixth , second baseman Omar Infante was in perfect position to snag Nelson Cruz 's line drive and leave runners on the corners . Herrera breezed through the seventh and Davis handled the eighth	True
CLEVELAND -- The highest-scoring team in the American League flexed its muscles very briefly Thursday night . The display was more than enough . After failing to get a hit in the first three innings , Toronto burst out for a five - run fourth	True
The Indians , predicted to contend for a playoff spot , end April with a 7 - 14 record , the worst in the AL . Cleveland is 1 - 9 when scoring three runs or fewer and has lost nine of 13 . House ( 0 - 4 ) did n't retire a batter in the fourth	True
Danny Valencia 's RBI single and Martin 's double gave Toronto the lead before Pillar doubled in two more runs , ending the night for House . Jonathan Diaz 's squeeze bunt scored the fifth run . Pillar added a spectacular catch when he ran down Moss ' drive to center field in the fifth	True
Slow starts in April are nothing new to the Indians . Cleveland went 11 - 13 in 2013 , but qualified for the playoffs as a wild-card team . The Indians were 11 - 17 last April and missed the playoffs by three games . Norris , a rookie left-hander , dodged trouble through three innings , but did n't come out of the fourth	True
Slow starts in April are nothing new to the Indians . Cleveland went 11 - 13 in 2013 , but qualified for the playoffs as a wild-card team . The Indians were 11 - 17 last April and missed the playoffs by three games . Norris , a rookie left-hander , dodged trouble through three innings , but did n't come out of the fourth after throwing 78 pitches . Francis gave up Michael Brantley 's RBI single in the fifth	True
The Cardinals scored seven runs off Severino Gonzalez in the first three innings and beat the Philadelphia Phillies 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . St. Louis finished with a season high in runs and hits ( 15 ) to win for the first time in three games . Trying to jolt his offense , manager Mike Matheny moved Matt Carpenter out of the leadoff spot for the first time in nearly two years . Jason Heyward was dropped from second	False
The Cardinals scored seven runs off Severino Gonzalez in the first three innings and beat the Philadelphia Phillies 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . St. Louis finished with a season high in runs and hits ( 15 ) to win for the first time in three games . Trying to jolt his offense , manager Mike Matheny moved Matt Carpenter out of the leadoff spot for the first time in nearly two years . Jason Heyward was dropped from second to sixth	False
Trying to jolt his offense , manager Mike Matheny moved Matt Carpenter out of the leadoff spot for the first time in nearly two years . Jason Heyward was dropped from second to sixth and Jon Jay took over at the top of the order . All three contributed in their new places in the order . Carpenter tripled and scored in the first	True
Trying to jolt his offense , manager Mike Matheny moved Matt Carpenter out of the leadoff spot for the first time in nearly two years . Jason Heyward was dropped from second to sixth and Jon Jay took over at the top of the order . All three contributed in their new places in the order . Carpenter tripled and scored in the first , had an RBI double in the fifth	True
Trying to jolt his offense , manager Mike Matheny moved Matt Carpenter out of the leadoff spot for the first time in nearly two years . Jason Heyward was dropped from second to sixth and Jon Jay took over at the top of the order . All three contributed in their new places in the order . Carpenter tripled and scored in the first , had an RBI double in the fifth and walked and scored in the eighth	False
Trying to jolt his offense , manager Mike Matheny moved Matt Carpenter out of the leadoff spot for the first time in nearly two years . Jason Heyward was dropped from second to sixth and Jon Jay took over at the top of the order . All three contributed in their new places in the order . Carpenter tripled and scored in the first , had an RBI double in the fifth and walked and scored in the eighth . The double was his 12th	False
Chase Whitley ( 1 - 0 ) was making a spot start that was meant to give Tanaka and others extra rest . But the right-hander from Alabama could find himself in the rotation for a while after giving up six hits and one run in five gritty innings . He was pitching at the same time general manager Brian Cashman was explaining Tanaka 's injuries . Brett Gardner had an RBI groundout against Jake Odorizzi ( 2 - 2 ) in the Yankees ' second win over Tampa Bay in this series and 10th	True
Chase Whitley ( 1 - 0 ) was making a spot start that was meant to give Tanaka and others extra rest . But the right-hander from Alabama could find himself in the rotation for a while after giving up six hits and one run in five gritty innings . He was pitching at the same time general manager Brian Cashman was explaining Tanaka 's injuries . Brett Gardner had an RBI groundout against Jake Odorizzi ( 2 - 2 ) in the Yankees ' second win over Tampa Bay in this series and 10th in 12 games overall . Chris Martin yielded a two - out single in the ninth	True
The Yankees immediately chose to place him on the 15-day disabled list and he wo n't throw at all for seven to 10 days . Alex Rodriguez was given the night off after playing third base Monday , putting on hold his bid to tie Willie Mays for fourth	False
And the Rays came out flat against Whitley , who was called up from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre for the start . Whitley made 12 starts for New York last year but was sent to Scranton after a solid spring to stretch out for possible starts like this one . The Rays loaded the bases in the second	True
The Yankees jumped on Odorizzi for the second time this year . They scored three runs against the right-hander on April 18 . Odorizzi only allowed two runs in his other three starts . McCann , on Tuesday , had an RBI double in the first	True
McCann , on Tuesday , had an RBI double in the first after Gardner drove in a run with a groundout -- aided by catcher Rene Rivera 's throwing error that allowed Jacoby Ellsbury to advance to third base on a steal . McCann , who had the go-ahead homer in the series opener Monday , then added a two - run double in the fifth	True
McCann , who had the go-ahead homer in the series opener Monday , then added a two - run double in the fifth . McCann improved to 10 for 16 ( .625 ) against Odorizzi but he says there 's no secret to his success against him . First-year Rays manager Kevin Cash said he should have had Odorizzi intentionally walk McCann in the fifth	True
With that much of a cushion , Price did n't hesitate to attack the strike zone with that 97-mph fastball . He was tagged for eight runs in 2 1/3 innings the last time out against the Yankees and , after an overpowering start , could n't quite put away the pesky Twins . Price 's night ended on an RBI-double from light-hitting Jordan Schafer in the seventh	True
Murphy hit a three - run homer with one out in the ninth inning , and the Mets snapped the Miami Marlins ' five - game winning streak with a 3 - 1 victory . The Marlins grabbed the lead in the eighth	True
The Mets ( 15 - 5 ) won with five hits , bouncing back from a sloppy loss Sunday night to the crosstown Yankees . The Mets have the best record in the majors and improved to 5 - 0 against Miami , including a sweep of a four - game series at Citi Field . Juan Lagares doubled to start the ninth	True
Murphy and Gee both started slowly this season for New York . Murphy came into the game batting only .169 , though he did have a pair of RBI doubles Sunday . Gee is winless in four starts , and came into the game with a 5.60 ERA . But the right-hander took a three - hit shutout into the eighth	True
Gee is winless in four starts , and came into the game with a 5.60 ERA . But the right-hander took a three - hit shutout into the eighth . Carlos Torres ( 1 - 0 ) retired Giancarlo Stanton on a popup with two on to end the eighth	True
Gee is winless in four starts , and came into the game with a 5.60 ERA . But the right-hander took a three - hit shutout into the eighth . Carlos Torres ( 1 - 0 ) retired Giancarlo Stanton on a popup with two on to end the eighth . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth	True
Arrieta ( 3 - 1 ) pitched six innings after waiting out a 4-hour , 13-minute delay before the Reds called off Saturday 's game because of persistent rain . The Cubs won the series opener on Friday night , 7 - 3 in 11 innings . Arrieta gave up four hits , including Todd Frazier 's solo homer , and struck out six . Hector Rondon gave up a hit in the ninth	True
Montero hit his 100th career homer in the second inning , ending the longest scoreless streak of DeSclafani 's career and giving the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . The Cubs sent eight batters to the plate for four unearned runs in the fourth	True
Arrieta struck out on three pitches , but Russell doubled off the base of the wall in right-center field for three runs . Russell was called up from the minors on Tuesday . Arrieta retired the first 11 Reds -- only two of them got the ball out of the infield -- before Frazier homered . The Reds got another run in the fifth	True
With two outs in the 11th inning , Mauer hit a two - run triple , lifting the Minnesota Twins over the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Sunday . The hit to the gap was out of the reach of right fielder Nelson Cruz , and rolled to the wall as the runners scored and Mauer headed to third	False
The hit to the gap was out of the reach of right fielder Nelson Cruz , and rolled to the wall as the runners scored and Mauer headed to third . Seattle reliever Tyler Olson ( 1 - 1 ) walked Chris Herrmann to lead off the 11th	True
Mauer had three hits and drove in three runs . In addition to his first triple of the season , he had an RBI double as the Twins won for the third time in four games . Seattle went 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position . The Mariners stranded runners on third	False
Mauer had three hits and drove in three runs . In addition to his first triple of the season , he had an RBI double as the Twins won for the third time in four games . Seattle went 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position . The Mariners stranded runners on third in the fourth	True
Mauer had three hits and drove in three runs . In addition to his first triple of the season , he had an RBI double as the Twins won for the third time in four games . Seattle went 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position . The Mariners stranded runners on third in the fourth , fifth	True
Mauer had three hits and drove in three runs . In addition to his first triple of the season , he had an RBI double as the Twins won for the third time in four games . Seattle went 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position . The Mariners stranded runners on third in the fourth , fifth , sixth	True
Twins starter Kyle Gibson pitched into the eighth inning for the first time this year , allowing two runs and five hits . Minnesota 's bullpen took over and did n't allow a run . Gibson gave up a double to lead off the eighth inning before Aaron Thompson came on to get out of the inning . Casey Fien ( 1 - 1 ) gave up one hit over two innings , and Glen Perkins closed out the 11th	True
Mariners starter Roenis Elias was recalled from Triple-A Tacoma to make his first start of the season . He took the rotation spot of Hisashi Iwakuma , who was put on the DL Friday with a strained muscle under his right arm . Iwakuma will be out two to four weeks . Mariners manager Lloyd McClendon was ejected in the top of the fourth	True
Simmons led off the seventh inning with a homer , sparking a rally that helped Atlanta beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Saturday night . The Braves scored three runs in the seventh	True
The Braves scored three runs in the seventh and chased David Buchanan ( 0 - 4 ) while stopping a four - game slide . Chris Johnson had an RBI single and Eric Young Jr. delivered a go-ahead double that lifted Atlanta to a 3 - 2 lead . The Braves added two more in the eighth	True
The Braves added two more in the eighth while rebounding from a 1 - 0 loss in the series opener Friday night . Jason Grilli , one of three Atlanta relievers , worked a scoreless ninth	True
Miller had his fourth steady outing of the season , always keeping the Braves in the game even without flashy numbers . He has n't pitched more than six innings in a game and has n't allowed more than two runs . His lone slip came in the fourth	True
Miller and Buchanan were locked in a breezy duel in a game that needed about an hour to play five innings . Buchanan had a six - pitch first inning and needed only 25 to get through three . Buchanan was helped in the sixth	True
Miller and Buchanan were locked in a breezy duel in a game that needed about an hour to play five innings . Buchanan had a six - pitch first inning and needed only 25 to get through three . Buchanan was helped in the sixth by shortstop Freddy Galvis ' diving stop-and-tumble to nip Nick Markakis at first	False
Buchanan was helped in the sixth by shortstop Freddy Galvis ' diving stop-and-tumble to nip Nick Markakis at first . Galvis snared the ball that was headed to center , rolled and threw a one - hopper from his stomach for the out . He needed help off the field but stayed in the game . Simmons got the Braves rolling with his first homer of the season . With two outs in the seventh	True
Simmons got the Braves rolling with his first homer of the season . With two outs in the seventh , Buchanan walked two and Jake Diekman allowed Johnson 's RBI single and Young followed with a double . Buchanan , who has not won in his last 13 starts , retired his first 12 batters and was cruising before the rocky seventh	True
Ynoa gave the Rockies a 5 - 4 lead when he hit a double to left that brought home LeMahieu , who had tied the game with a double earlier in the inning . Corey Dickerson added an RBI single . Colorado 's bullpen made the lead hold up -- with some anxious moments . Boone Logan struck out Brandon Crawford looking to end the eighth	True
Ynoa gave the Rockies a 5 - 4 lead when he hit a double to left that brought home LeMahieu , who had tied the game with a double earlier in the inning . Corey Dickerson added an RBI single . Colorado 's bullpen made the lead hold up -- with some anxious moments . Boone Logan struck out Brandon Crawford looking to end the eighth with a runner on third	False
`` It 's a big at-bat , '' Bochy explained . `` We 're trying to get back in the game . '' Arenado had quite a game in the field , moving far to his left to lasso a chopper in the seventh	True
Arenado had quite a game in the field , moving far to his left to lasso a chopper in the seventh , spinning around and throwing out Gregor Blanco . In the fourth	True
Arenado had quite a game in the field , moving far to his left to lasso a chopper in the seventh , spinning around and throwing out Gregor Blanco . In the fourth , Arenado dived to his right to stop a grounder with runners on first	False
Arenado had quite a game in the field , moving far to his left to lasso a chopper in the seventh , spinning around and throwing out Gregor Blanco . In the fourth , Arenado dived to his right to stop a grounder with runners on first and second	False
Arenado had quite a game in the field , moving far to his left to lasso a chopper in the seventh , spinning around and throwing out Gregor Blanco . In the fourth , Arenado dived to his right to stop a grounder with runners on first and second and no outs . He scrambled to his feet , stepped on third base and fired to first	False
A day after Bryant went 0 - for - 4 with three strikeouts in his big league debut , he was 2 - for - 3 with a pair of singles and three walks . With the Cubs trailing 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Bryant , who did not speak with reporters after the game , had allowed Wil Myers ' bouncer leading off the game to kick off his glove for his first major league error . Bryant walked against Tyson Ross in the first	True
Bryant walked against Tyson Ross in the first and fourth innings . Bryant walked in the seventh	True
Bryant walked against Tyson Ross in the first and fourth innings . Bryant walked in the seventh , flied out in the ninth	True
Bryant walked against Tyson Ross in the first and fourth innings . Bryant walked in the seventh , flied out in the ninth and reached on an infield single to shortstop in the 11th	True
Bryant walked against Tyson Ross in the first and fourth innings . Bryant walked in the seventh , flied out in the ninth and reached on an infield single to shortstop in the 11th against Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 1 ) , moving Anthony Rizzo to third	False
Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one hit in two scoreless innings for his second major league win . Matt Kemp , who is batting .340 with nine RBIs , hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Ross gave up three runs , five hits and five walks in 5 2/3 innings , striking out nine Trailing 6 - 2 , San Diego tied the score in the ninth	True
Rondon had converted 17 straight save opportunities since Aug. 5 . Montero 's opposite-field home run to left through a 19 mph wind had given the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Tempers were still hot from the series opener Friday night , when Lawrie slid hard and late into second base and wiped out Alcides Escobar . The Royals shortstop sprained his left knee in the collision , and said before Saturday night 's game he thought the slide was dirty . Ventura waited until he was pounded in the fourth	True
When asked whether Ventura expected to be suspended , fellow pitcher Jeremy Guthrie -- serving as a translator -- replied : `` I do n't think we need to answer that . '' The five - run fourth	True
Stanton hit his first home run since a fastball to the face ended his season last September . It was his 155th career homer , moving him past Dan Uggla for most in Marlins ' history . Suzuki made a pair of headfirst dives home on the same play , eluding catcher Travis d'Arnaud to make it 5-all in the seventh	True
Stanton hit his first home run since a fastball to the face ended his season last September . It was his 155th career homer , moving him past Dan Uggla for most in Marlins ' history . Suzuki made a pair of headfirst dives home on the same play , eluding catcher Travis d'Arnaud to make it 5-all in the seventh . On third	False
Jerry Blevins ( 1 - 0 ) got the win and Jeurys Familia closed for his fourth save . Mike Dunn ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . It was 5-all when pinch hitter John Mayberry Jr. walked and stole second	False
Jerry Blevins ( 1 - 0 ) got the win and Jeurys Familia closed for his fourth save . Mike Dunn ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . It was 5-all when pinch hitter John Mayberry Jr. walked and stole second with one out in the Mets seventh	True
It was 5-all when pinch hitter John Mayberry Jr. walked and stole second with one out in the Mets seventh . Duda 's two - out liner fell just beyond the dive of left fielder Christian Yelich , and Cuddyer followed with his second RBI single . Stanton launched a long , two - out drive in the first	True
It was 5-all when pinch hitter John Mayberry Jr. walked and stole second with one out in the Mets seventh . Duda 's two - out liner fell just beyond the dive of left fielder Christian Yelich , and Cuddyer followed with his second RBI single . Stanton launched a long , two - out drive in the first . He led the NL with 37 home runs despite a season-ending beaning on Sept. 11 . Martin Prado homered for a 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
Stanton launched a long , two - out drive in the first . He led the NL with 37 home runs despite a season-ending beaning on Sept. 11 . Martin Prado homered for a 3 - 0 in the fourth . The Mets made two key defensive plays in the sixth	True
Stanton launched a long , two - out drive in the first . He led the NL with 37 home runs despite a season-ending beaning on Sept. 11 . Martin Prado homered for a 3 - 0 in the fourth . The Mets made two key defensive plays in the sixth . D'Arnaud caught speedy Dee Gordon trying to steal second	False
The Mets made two key defensive plays in the sixth . D'Arnaud caught speedy Dee Gordon trying to steal second and right fielder Curtis Granderson banged into the wall after a running catch on J. T. Realmuto 's bases-loaded drive with two outs . Collins also made his first replay challenge this season and won , with Realmuto losing an infield hit in the fifth	True
Duda hit a long homer and an RBI double as the Mets won their fourth straight , matching their longest winning streak last year , a few hours after putting their captain on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right hamstring . Wright was injured while stealing second base the night before and is expected back within three weeks . In his absence , d'Arnaud was bumped up to second	False
Duda hit a long homer and an RBI double as the Mets won their fourth straight , matching their longest winning streak last year , a few hours after putting their captain on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right hamstring . Wright was injured while stealing second base the night before and is expected back within three weeks . In his absence , d'Arnaud was bumped up to second in the batting order for the first time in his career and broke a 1-all tie in the third	True
Saying he was fired up by a move that `` meant the world '' to him and kicked him into another gear , d'Arnaud explained : `` It 's nice to have Big Dude behind me . '' Duda hit the first pitch in the fifth	True
Once he started hitting his spots , Haren built momentum to keep Atlanta 's hitters guessing . Haren had two walks in the first	True
Once he started hitting his spots , Haren built momentum to keep Atlanta 's hitters guessing . Haren had two walks in the first . He approached the umpire after the third	True
With its second straight victory , Miami has its first winning streak of the season . Haren ( 1 - 0 ) allowed just three base runners -- two walks in the first	True
With its second straight victory , Miami has its first winning streak of the season . Haren ( 1 - 0 ) allowed just three base runners -- two walks in the first and an error by second baseman Dee Gordon that let Freddie Freeman reach in the fourth -- before Andrelton Simmons got the first hit off the right-hander with two outs in the fifth	True
Haren ( 1 - 0 ) allowed just three base runners -- two walks in the first and an error by second baseman Dee Gordon that let Freddie Freeman reach in the fourth -- before Andrelton Simmons got the first hit off the right-hander with two outs in the fifth . Cameron Maybin led off the Atlanta sixth	True
Haren ( 1 - 0 ) allowed just three base runners -- two walks in the first and an error by second baseman Dee Gordon that let Freddie Freeman reach in the fourth -- before Andrelton Simmons got the first hit off the right-hander with two outs in the fifth . Cameron Maybin led off the Atlanta sixth with his second homer of the season to make it 5 - 1 . Kelly Johnson led off the Braves ' seventh	True
Cameron Maybin led off the Atlanta sixth with his second homer of the season to make it 5 - 1 . Kelly Johnson led off the Braves ' seventh with his first homer of the season to cut the lead to 5 - 2 . Haren , who was replaced by Mike Dunn to begin the eighth	True
Haren , who was replaced by Mike Dunn to begin the eighth , walked two and struck out five . He has won four straight decisions against the Braves . The Marlins went up 2 - 0 in the third	True
Haren , who was replaced by Mike Dunn to begin the eighth , walked two and struck out five . He has won four straight decisions against the Braves . The Marlins went up 2 - 0 in the third on Gordon 's two - run double . They took a 4 - 0 lead on Hechavarria 's first homer , a two - run shot in the fifth	True
The Marlins went up 2 - 0 in the third on Gordon 's two - run double . They took a 4 - 0 lead on Hechavarria 's first homer , a two - run shot in the fifth . Celebrating his 26th birthday , Hechavarria has gone 7 for his past 11 , raising his average to .242 after beginning the season 1 for 22 . He added a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 2 in the ninth	False
Atlanta starter Eric Stults ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five hits , four runs and two walks with two strikeouts in five innings . Cody Martin , the first Braves reliever , allowed Michael Morse 's first homer of the season in the sixth	True
In their previous 10 games at Turner Field , the Marlins scored a combined 25 runs . Miami closer Steve Cisek , pitching in a non-save situation , faced the minimum in the ninth	True
Four relievers completed the shutout to help the Athletics to the 4 - 0 victory . Graveman ( 1 - 1 ) yielded four hits in 5 1/3 innings to bounce back from his first major league start , when he allowed eight runs in 3 1/3 innings . Eric O'Flaherty allowed one hit in 1 2/3 innings , Dan Otero gave up two in 2/3 innings , and Fernando Abad retired one batter before Tyler Clippard finished it off in the ninth	True
Sam Fuld , who finished with two doubles , hit his first one to lead off and scored on a one - out sacrifice fly by Ben Zobrist to make it 1 - 0 . Graveman pitched around a pair of walks in the second	True
Sam Fuld , who finished with two doubles , hit his first one to lead off and scored on a one - out sacrifice fly by Ben Zobrist to make it 1 - 0 . Graveman pitched around a pair of walks in the second and plunked Jed Lowrie with two outs in the third	True
Graveman pitched around a pair of walks in the second and plunked Jed Lowrie with two outs in the third . But he retired Evan Gattis to end that inning . Luis Valbuena singled with no outs in the fourth	True
Oakland manager Bob Melvin was impressed with how Graveman performed with runners on base on Tuesday night . The Astros had runners at first	False
Oakland manager Bob Melvin was impressed with how Graveman performed with runners on base on Tuesday night . The Astros had runners at first and second	False
Oakland manager Bob Melvin was impressed with how Graveman performed with runners on base on Tuesday night . The Astros had runners at first and second with one out in the sixth	True
The shaggy-haired deGrom gave up seven hits in 6 1/3 innings before a sellout crowd of 43,947 that included Jerry Seinfeld , Larry David and Matthew Broderick . The only time more fans packed the park was the 2013 All-Star Game started by Harvey . Second baseman Daniel Murphy made a nice defensive play to help Carlos Torres pitch out of a seventh-inning jam . And with the Mets on their third closer since opening day last year , Jeurys Familia got a double-play ball in the ninth	True
Murphy doubled to right with one out in the fourth -- a male fan sprayed his drink over Grady Sizemore as he neared the screened fence -- and advanced when d'Arnaud flied out to right . Lagares then hit a comebacker that was knocked down by a twisting Harang ( 1 - 1 ) . But the 36-year-old righty stumbled awkwardly for a moment on the mound and was slow to retrieve the ball . By the time he threw to first	False
Lagares then hit a comebacker that was knocked down by a twisting Harang ( 1 - 1 ) . But the 36-year-old righty stumbled awkwardly for a moment on the mound and was slow to retrieve the ball . By the time he threw to first , Lagares beat the play for an RBI single . New York added a run in the eighth	True
Bautista hit the last of Toronto 's three home runs , and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 Sunday to complete a solid season-opening road trip . After the Orioles cut a five - run deficit to 8 - 7 , Bautista 's two - run drive in the eighth	True
Aaron Loup ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 perfect innings after starter Drew Hutchison gave up a career-high tying seven runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings . Miguel Castro worked the ninth	True
Pompey put Toronto up 2 - 0 in the first inning with a drive to the top of the right-field scoreboard that was n't called a home run until after a replay review of more than two minutes . Jones countered in the bottom half with a two - run shot to center , but the Blue Jays took the lead for good when Pillar homered leading off the second	True
Jones countered in the bottom half with a two - run shot to center , but the Blue Jays took the lead for good when Pillar homered leading off the second . Toronto made it 7 - 2 in the third	True
Davis and Jones delivered RBI singles in the Orioles ' half . Snider hit his first home run with Baltimore , a three - run drive in the fifth	True
Overall , Canha is hitting .500 ( 7 for 14 ) with six RBIs . Canha , who came within inches of hitting a grand slam on Wednesday , went 3 for 5 . He reached on an infield single and scored on Ben Zobrist 's double in the first	True
The A 's continued their pattern of an on-again , off-again offense by knocking around Mariners starter Taijuan Walker and three relievers . In its three wins this season , Oakland has outscored its opponents 30 - 0 . Zobrist doubled twice while Marcus Semien added two hits , both coming in the fourth	True
Pomeranz ( 1 - 0 ) beat out Jesse Chavez for the fifth spot in the A 's rotation and showed why in his first start of the season . He gave up just two hits and faced only one batter over the minimum through seven innings . The Oakland left-hander struck out six and did n't allow a baserunner until Austin Jackson 's single to left with one out in the fourth	True
The Oakland left-hander struck out six and did n't allow a baserunner until Austin Jackson 's single to left with one out in the fourth . He promptly got Robinson Cano to hit into a double play on the next pitch , then set down the next seven Mariners . Fernando Abad pitched the eighth	True
The Oakland left-hander struck out six and did n't allow a baserunner until Austin Jackson 's single to left with one out in the fourth . He promptly got Robinson Cano to hit into a double play on the next pitch , then set down the next seven Mariners . Fernando Abad pitched the eighth while R. J. Alvarez worked the ninth	False
The Reds are 4 - 0 for the first time since 2011 , when they won their first five games . They 've won each game in their final at-bat . Votto homered off John Lackey in each of his first two at-bats . Frazier 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Votto homered off John Lackey in each of his first two at-bats . Frazier 's sacrifice fly in the eighth off Jordan Walden ( 0 - 1 ) drove in Billy Hamilton and marked the second time this week that he 's knocked in the deciding run . J. J. Hoover ( 2 - 0 ) escaped a threat in the eighth	True
Votto homered off John Lackey in each of his first two at-bats . Frazier 's sacrifice fly in the eighth off Jordan Walden ( 0 - 1 ) drove in Billy Hamilton and marked the second time this week that he 's knocked in the deciding run . J. J. Hoover ( 2 - 0 ) escaped a threat in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman gave up a hit and fanned two in the ninth	False
Votto hit only six homers last season -- the last one on May 10 -- and did n't play after July 5 because of strained muscles above his left knee . He showed up for spring training feeling strong and has played to his 2010 National League MVP form so far . He had his first multihomer game since May 13 , 2012 , and the 10th	False
Jason Marquis made his first start in the majors since July 19 , 2013 with San Diego . He had Tommy John surgery and made nine appearances in the minors with the Phillies last season as part of his comeback . The 36-year-old was in line for the win , handing a 4 - 3 lead to the bullpen in the seventh	True
The 36-year-old was in line for the win , handing a 4 - 3 lead to the bullpen in the seventh . Marquis retired 12 in a row after Randal Grichuk 's two - run homer . The Cardinals put together three singles in the seventh	True
In the latest classic matchup of their long and illustrious rivalry , Boston finally outlasted New York 6 - 5 in 19 innings early Saturday when the game-ending double play was turned at 2:13 a.m . After squandering leads in the ninth	True
The Yankees ' 19-inning loss to the Red Sox -- one with extra sting -- did n't leave Joe Girardi much time to plan for the next game , 11 hours later . Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira , who turned 35 when the clock struck midnight , hit tying home runs for the Yankees during an early-season epic delayed 16 minutes by a power outage in the 12th	True
The teams combined for 138 at-bats , 32 hits , 28 strikeouts and 627 pitches thrown by 17 pitchers , according to ESPN 's Stats and Information . After the first	True
Pablo Sandoval put the Red Sox back in front with an RBI single in the 18th only to see Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran hit doubles in the bottom half to tie it again at 5 . Each club went to its last reliever in the 15th	True
The longest game by innings between the old rivals was a 20-inning victory for New York in the second game of a 1967 doubleheader . Headley 's solo shot off fill-in closer Edward Mujica came with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
Headley 's solo shot off fill-in closer Edward Mujica came with two outs in the bottom of the ninth . Neither team could break through again until Ortiz launched an 0 - 2 pitch from Esmil Rogers ( 0 - 1 ) to right-center . Didi Gregorius had a chance to win it for New York in the 16th and 18th , but grounded out with a runner at third	False
The Red Sox stranded 20 runners , but came through one last time in the 19th . Bogaerts singled , stole second	False
The Red Sox stranded 20 runners , but came through one last time in the 19th . Bogaerts singled , stole second and went to third	False
Bogaerts singled , stole second and went to third on a passed ball by backup catcher John Ryan Murphy , who had just replaced McCann . Betts delivered a sac fly to center . It appeared New York might rally yet again in the bottom half when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single . Brett Gardner flied out , and Garrett Jones hit a low liner toward the middle . Bogaerts short-hopped the ball at shortstop and flipped to second	False
Bogaerts singled , stole second and went to third on a passed ball by backup catcher John Ryan Murphy , who had just replaced McCann . Betts delivered a sac fly to center . It appeared New York might rally yet again in the bottom half when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single . Brett Gardner flied out , and Garrett Jones hit a low liner toward the middle . Bogaerts short-hopped the ball at shortstop and flipped to second , where Dustin Pedroia leaped in the air for an athletic relay to first	False
It appeared New York might rally yet again in the bottom half when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single . Brett Gardner flied out , and Garrett Jones hit a low liner toward the middle . Bogaerts short-hopped the ball at shortstop and flipped to second , where Dustin Pedroia leaped in the air for an athletic relay to first . Girardi said Jones , a first baseman and DH who came off the bench in the 11th	True
Rogers , who threw 81 pitches after making 35 the previous night , said he would have pushed to stay in the game . The lights dimmed as Boston reliever Tommy Layne threw the first pitch in the bottom of the 12th	True
NEW YORK -- Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Masahiro Tanaka , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 6 - 1 Monday in Alex Rodriguez 's return to the major leagues . Without retired Derek Jeter in the lineup , an Opening Day crowd at Yankee Stadium reserved its biggest cheers for Rodriguez in his first game back from a year-long drug suspension . Batting seventh	False
Less frequent and a slower fastball from Tanaka could be a warning sign . Drew Hutchison , at 24 the youngest Opening Day starter in Blue Jays ' history , held the Yankees hitless until Brian McCann laced a ball just inside the first base line for a single with two outs in the fourth	True
After Tanaka made Toronto look silly with a heavy mix of sliders and splitter for the first two innings , striking out three , the Blue Jays solved him . Kevin Pillar led off the third	True
Ventura will be evaluated later this week , but Royals manager Ned Yost said he does not anticipate the hard-throwing righty missing a start . Just days ago , Ventura agreed to a $ 23 million , five - year contract . Rios homered in a five - run seventh	True
Rios homered in a five - run seventh with Kendrys Morales and Alex Gordon aboard . Gordon stroked a two - run single in the inning . Jose Abreu homered in the seventh	True
After an exhilarating postseason run last year that ended with a Game 7 loss to San Francisco in the World Series , the Royals got off to a fast start in 2015 . Alcides Escobar and Mike Moustakas , their first two hitters , went a combined 4 for 7 with two walks and scored five runs . Moustakas homered the opposite way in the fifth	True
Alcides Escobar and Mike Moustakas , their first two hitters , went a combined 4 for 7 with two walks and scored five runs . Moustakas homered the opposite way in the fifth off Samardzija . Ryan Madson pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Morton ( 2 - 0 ) retired his last 11 batters in his second start of the season . He won his season debut 4 - 2 against Marlins on Monday after starting the year on the disabled list recovering from right hip surgery . He held San Diego to two runs , one earned , and three hits while striking out two and walking one . After allowing an unearned run in the fourth	True
Morton ( 2 - 0 ) retired his last 11 batters in his second start of the season . He won his season debut 4 - 2 against Marlins on Monday after starting the year on the disabled list recovering from right hip surgery . He held San Diego to two runs , one earned , and three hits while striking out two and walking one . After allowing an unearned run in the fourth , he got Will Middlebrooks to hit into a double play , and then retired in the Padres in order in the fifth	True
After allowing an unearned run in the fourth , he got Will Middlebrooks to hit into a double play , and then retired in the Padres in order in the fifth through seventh innings . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
The Pirates won for the eighth time in nine games . Pittsburgh broke a 2 - 2 tie in the sixth	True
Pittsburgh broke a 2 - 2 tie in the sixth when Morton 's bases-loaded chopper to second brought in Pedro Alvarez . Alvarez doubled into the left-center gap with one out . After Francisco Cervelli was hit on the left shoulder by a pitch from Tyson Ross ( 2 - 5 ) , he advanced on Jordy Mercer 's infield single before Alvarez doubled . The Pirates scored an unearned run in the first	True
The Pirates scored an unearned run in the first and a run in the second inning , while also stranding five runners . Andrew McCutcheon singled with two outs in the first	True
San Diego tied it six pitches into the bottom of the inning when Will Venable drew a leadoff walk and scored on Yangervis Solarte 's double to left . The Pirates jumped ahead 2 - 1 in the second	True
The Pirates jumped ahead 2 - 1 in the second when Mercer hit a leadoff single and scored on Josh Harrison 's one - out single to right . Ross loaded the bases on a single and walk before getting Marte to hit into a double play . San Diego tied it in the fourth	True
The Pirates jumped ahead 2 - 1 in the second when Mercer hit a leadoff single and scored on Josh Harrison 's one - out single to right . Ross loaded the bases on a single and walk before getting Marte to hit into a double play . San Diego tied it in the fourth when Matt Kemp , aboard on a one - out single , scored from second	False
The Pirates jumped ahead 2 - 1 in the second when Mercer hit a leadoff single and scored on Josh Harrison 's one - out single to right . Ross loaded the bases on a single and walk before getting Marte to hit into a double play . San Diego tied it in the fourth when Matt Kemp , aboard on a one - out single , scored from second on a throwing error by first baseman Alvarez . With Derek Norris aboard ono a single , Alvarez fielded Cory Spangenberg 's single and tried to force Norris at second	False
The defending AL West champions , who trail first-place Houston by six games , entered this four - game series with the league 's worst team batting average ( .234 ) and on-base percentage ( .290 ) . Wilson ( 3 - 3 ) struck out seven and walked five . The left-hander allowed his only run in the third	True
Buck Farmer ( 0 - 1 ) made his first start of the season after getting recalled from Triple-A Toledo , and was charged with seven runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . The 24-year-old right-hander , a fifth-round draft pick by the Tigers in 2013 , was 5 - 1 with a 2.98 ERA in nine starts this season with the Mud Hens . Pujols gave the Angels a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Buck Farmer ( 0 - 1 ) made his first start of the season after getting recalled from Triple-A Toledo , and was charged with seven runs and nine hits in five - plus innings . The 24-year-old right-hander , a fifth-round draft pick by the Tigers in 2013 , was 5 - 1 with a 2.98 ERA in nine starts this season with the Mud Hens . Pujols gave the Angels a 2 - 0 lead in the first with his 529th career home run and ninth	False
Pujols gave the Angels a 2 - 0 lead in the first with his 529th career home run and ninth this season , driving a 2 - 2 pitch to left field after a leadoff single by Erick Aybar . Joyce , who spent his 2008 rookie season with the Tigers before he was traded to Tampa Bay for pitcher Edwin Jackson , drove Farmer 's first pitch of the second inning into the old Angels bullpen area in right field for his third homer of the season and second	False
`` It was great . We have a lot of potential to score a lot of runs every game , and we had great at-bats tonight , '' he added . `` We put a lot of balls in play , and it showed a little preview of what we can do . '' Giavotella led off the fifth	True
The Angels ' first four batters in the sixth reached base against Farmer , who was yanked after Joyce 's infield hit with the bases loaded . David Freese scored on Grant Green 's groundout , and pinch-runner Kirk Nieuwenhuis came home on Angel Nesbitt 's wild pitch to make it 7 - 1 . The Angels broke it open in the seventh	True
Mired in a funk last week , manager Clint Hurdle challenged his team to get its act together . The Pirates have responded by outscoring opponents 25 - 6 during their current run . Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth	True
The Cincinnati Reds ? Every day brings another low point . The Reds lost their ninth	True
The Cincinnati Reds ? Every day brings another low point . The Reds lost their ninth in a row on Monday , their worst slump in 17 years . Arenado homered , had three hits and drove in the tiebreaking run with a sacrifice fly in the ninth inning off Aroldis Chapman for a 5 - 4 victory , Colorado 's third	False
The Rockies opened the season by winning their first four games , which was their high point . Their offense has come around the last few days behind Arenado , who had four hits and drove in four runs during an 11 - 2 win over the Giants on Sunday . The third baseman had a pair of singles and a solo homer off Reds starter Jason Marquis . He then helped the Rockies pull it out against Chapman ( 2 - 3 ) , who came in for the ninth	True
The third baseman had a pair of singles and a solo homer off Reds starter Jason Marquis . He then helped the Rockies pull it out against Chapman ( 2 - 3 ) , who came in for the ninth . Charlie Blackmon opened with a walk and took third	False
Charlie Blackmon opened with a walk and took third on D. J. LeMahieu 's single . Blackmon scored easily on Arenado 's routine fly to center fielder Billy Hamilton , whose throw was off-target . Rafael Betancourt ( 2 - 1 ) retired the four batters he faced . John Axford gave up a walk in the ninth	True
The riverboat smokestacks that celebrate home runs and strikeouts were back in action after one of them caught fire during the last homestand . They shot off fireworks after Todd Frazier 's two - run homer in the first inning off Eddie Butler , his 13th overall . Price tried to get more out of his struggling offense by batting Marquis eighth	False
The riverboat smokestacks that celebrate home runs and strikeouts were back in action after one of them caught fire during the last homestand . They shot off fireworks after Todd Frazier 's two - run homer in the first inning off Eddie Butler , his 13th overall . Price tried to get more out of his struggling offense by batting Marquis eighth and the slumping Hamilton ninth	False
The riverboat smokestacks that celebrate home runs and strikeouts were back in action after one of them caught fire during the last homestand . They shot off fireworks after Todd Frazier 's two - run homer in the first inning off Eddie Butler , his 13th overall . Price tried to get more out of his struggling offense by batting Marquis eighth and the slumping Hamilton ninth , the first time since 1933 that a Reds pitcher batted anywhere other than ninth	False
Price tried to get more out of his struggling offense by batting Marquis eighth and the slumping Hamilton ninth , the first time since 1933 that a Reds pitcher batted anywhere other than ninth . Marlon Byrd doubled and scored on Hamilton 's single in the fourth	True
Peralta 's seventh homer just cleared the wall in left . He was too busy running to notice . Mark Trumbo hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth	True
Peralta 's seventh homer just cleared the wall in left . He was too busy running to notice . Mark Trumbo hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth for Arizona , but the Diamondbacks stranded five the last two innings . The Cardinals wasted two hits to open the ninth	False
Mark Trumbo hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth for Arizona , but the Diamondbacks stranded five the last two innings . The Cardinals wasted two hits to open the ninth when Ramirez struck out Matt Carpenter , Matt Holliday and Matt Adams . Carlos Martinez matched his career high with eight strikeouts in seven innings for St. Louis , which got an RBI apiece from Matt Adams and Jason Heyward . Trevor Rosenthal ( 1 - 0 ) retired Chris Owings and Tuffy Gosewisch with the bases loaded to end the 10th	True
Graveman ( 2 - 2 ) , recalled from Triple-A Nashville to make the start , struck out six and walked two to help the A 's win for just the third time in 17 games . The right-hander was on the opening-day roster and went 1 - 2 with an 8.27 ERA in four starts before being optioned to Nashville on April 26 . After wasting several good scoring chances , Oakland broke through for four runs in the sixth	True
Fuld was credited with two RBIs on his hit that was misplayed by center fielder Kevin Kiermaier for the first error . Catcher Rene Rivera got the second error after dropping Kiermaier 's throw that allowed the third run to score . Graveman struck out two to help work out of a two - on , no-out jam in the fifth	True
Fuld was credited with two RBIs on his hit that was misplayed by center fielder Kevin Kiermaier for the first error . Catcher Rene Rivera got the second error after dropping Kiermaier 's throw that allowed the third run to score . Graveman struck out two to help work out of a two - on , no-out jam in the fifth . He also avoided damage in the sixth	True
Evan Scribner and Tyler Clippard completed a six - hitter . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
Karns allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . Billy Burns got his first career RBI in the eighth	True
After the game , Romero was optioned to Triple-A Durham . Oakland had at least one baserunner in each of the first four innings , including two on in both the second	True
After the game , Romero was optioned to Triple-A Durham . Oakland had at least one baserunner in each of the first four innings , including two on in both the second and fourth	True
`` The guy 's stuff is fantastic , '' Kipnis added . `` He does all the little things . The guy knows how to pitch , too . '' The Reds lost their season-high seventh	False
The dispute stemmed from Friday night , when several Reds were upset with plate umpire Manny Gonzalez 's strike zone . Manager Terry Francona did n't send Kluber out for the ninth	True
Kluber struck out 18 and allowed one hit against St. Louis when he recorded his first win of the season on May 13 . He followed that by holding the White Sox to one run in nine innings while striking out 12 in a no-decision . Tony Cingrani ( 0 - 1 ) walked Roberto Perez to start the eighth	True
Reds rookie right-hander Anthony DeSclafani evenly matched up with Kluber and allowed one run in seven innings . Zack Cozart 's sacrifice fly in the second gave Cincinnati the lead . DeSclafani held the Indians scoreless until the sixth	True
Alex Wilson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Detroit led 5 - 0 after six innings . Pinch hitter Preston Tucker tied it with one out in the ninth	True
It was Soria 's blown save in 14 chances this season . Astros reliever Josh Fields got the first	False
It was Soria 's blown save in 14 chances this season . Astros reliever Josh Fields got the first out in the bottom of the ninth	False
Houston starter Scott Feldman gave up five runs on 10 hits and a walk in six innings . Nick Castellanos , who drove in four runs in Wednesday night 's win over the Brewers , hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Nick Castellanos , who drove in four runs in Wednesday night 's win over the Brewers , hit a two - run homer in the fourth . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , the Tigers loaded the bases with no outs on two singles and an error before Ian Kinsler grounded into an RBI forceout . Miguel Cabrera singled home a run for a 4 - 0 lead . Rajai Davis ' double made it 5 - 0 in the sixth	True
Rajai Davis ' double made it 5 - 0 in the sixth . Evan Gattis drove in a run in the seventh	False
Evan Gattis drove in a run in the seventh with the second triple of his three - season career . Jonathan Villar singled home a run and Hank Conger chased Price with another RBI single . George Springer 's double off Joba Chamberlain made it 5 - 4 in the eighth	True
Evan Gattis drove in a run in the seventh with the second triple of his three - season career . Jonathan Villar singled home a run and Hank Conger chased Price with another RBI single . George Springer 's double off Joba Chamberlain made it 5 - 4 in the eighth , and he was able to take third	False
Anderson allowed four hits in a career-high eight innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks dealt Miami its sixth straight loss with a 6 - 1 victory on Wednesday night . David Peralta drove in three runs and A. J. Pollock stole second	False
Anderson allowed four hits in a career-high eight innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks dealt Miami its sixth straight loss with a 6 - 1 victory on Wednesday night . David Peralta drove in three runs and A. J. Pollock stole second , third	False
David Peralta drove in three runs and A. J. Pollock stole second , third and home , finishing with three of the Diamondbacks ' six stolen bases . He had three hits and scored four times . Anderson ( 1 - 1 ) picked up his first win of the season in eight starts . He walked one while striking out two . Anderson pitched into the ninth	True
A groundout by Peralta opened the scoring and Nick Ahmed doubled down the third-base line with the infield in to give Arizona a 2 - 0 lead . Anderson 's groundout scored Ahmed . The Diamondbacks pushed the lead to 4 - 0 after Pollock stole home as Phelps ( 2 - 1 ) threw to first	False
The Diamondbacks pushed the lead to 4 - 0 after Pollock stole home as Phelps ( 2 - 1 ) threw to first in an attempt to pick off Peralta , who was on his way to second base . First baseman Michael Morse 's throw home was late . Pollock also stole second	False
The Diamondbacks pushed the lead to 4 - 0 after Pollock stole home as Phelps ( 2 - 1 ) threw to first in an attempt to pick off Peralta , who was on his way to second base . First baseman Michael Morse 's throw home was late . Pollock also stole second and third base and scored on a sacrifice fly by Peralta in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks pushed the lead to 4 - 0 after Pollock stole home as Phelps ( 2 - 1 ) threw to first in an attempt to pick off Peralta , who was on his way to second base . First baseman Michael Morse 's throw home was late . Pollock also stole second and third base and scored on a sacrifice fly by Peralta in the seventh . Pollock is the first Arizona player to steal second	False
The Diamondbacks pushed the lead to 4 - 0 after Pollock stole home as Phelps ( 2 - 1 ) threw to first in an attempt to pick off Peralta , who was on his way to second base . First baseman Michael Morse 's throw home was late . Pollock also stole second and third base and scored on a sacrifice fly by Peralta in the seventh . Pollock is the first Arizona player to steal second , third	False
The Marlins ' Dee Gordon had his batting average dip below .400 for the first time since April 27 following an 0 - for - 3 night . Gordon is now hitting .395 . Martin Prado singled to start the fifth	True
Zimmerman 's fifth homer this season -- and 10th game-ending homer of his career -- earned him a celebratory pour of chocolate sauce by teammate Max Scherzer . It also made a winner of Matt Grace ( 2 - 0 ) , who threw the 10th	True
After being 7 - 13 and eight games out of first place on April 27 , they have moved to 23 - 17 , even with the New York Mets in their division . That helped set things up for the 10th	True
After a replay review , Harper 's homer stood . Coming off consecutive NL Player of the Week awards , he entered the day leading the majors in RBIs , slugging percentage , on-base percentage , runs and walks . New York scored the game 's next six runs off Gio Gonzalez to lead 6 - 2 , including Mark Teixeira 's two - run homer in the fifth	True
New York scored the game 's next six runs off Gio Gonzalez to lead 6 - 2 , including Mark Teixeira 's two - run homer in the fifth . The Nationals made it 6-all in the sixth	False
Ventura retired 14 on ground balls . Herrera gave up a walk in the eighth	True
Ventura retired 14 on ground balls . Herrera gave up a walk in the eighth , but nothing else . Davis worked a spotless ninth	True
Mike Moustakas went 3 for 4 with two doubles and drove in two runs . His double in the fifth drove in one run and his seventh-inning double made it 3 - 0 . Infante , who had two hits , drove home the other run with a two - out single in the second	True
Braun drove in four runs and Carlos Gomez had three hits and two RBIs for Milwaukee , which has won the first two games of the three - game series . Nelson ( 2 - 4 ) gave up a run and three hits , walked four and struck out five . He retired 11 straight batters from the fifth inning until there were two out in the eighth	True
Sanchez has allowed nine home runs in 54 2/3 innings this season after surrendering only four in 126 innings in 2014 . Milwaukee took a 6 - 1 lead in the third	True
Milwaukee took a 6 - 1 lead in the third . After Gomez knocked in the inning 's first run with a two - out bunt single , Braun hit a three - run homer and Lind and Ramirez followed with solo shots . It was Braun 's ninth home run , Lind 's seventh	False
Milwaukee took a 6 - 1 lead in the third . After Gomez knocked in the inning 's first run with a two - out bunt single , Braun hit a three - run homer and Lind and Ramirez followed with solo shots . It was Braun 's ninth home run , Lind 's seventh and Ramirez 's fifth	False
Gomez 's two - out , run-scoring double in the fourth made it 7 - 1 and sent Sanchez to the showers . Braun also doubled in a run in the ninth	True
Braun also doubled in a run in the ninth . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Braun also doubled in a run in the ninth . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on J. D. Martinez 's two - out RBI single . It scored Kinsler , who walked , stole second	False
Braun also doubled in a run in the ninth . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on J. D. Martinez 's two - out RBI single . It scored Kinsler , who walked , stole second and continued to third	False
Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 1 ) allowed four earned runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings . The Tigers already led 5 - 1 when Cabrera hit a two - run homer to left in the sixth	True
Minnesota was trying for its fourth consecutive series win , but the Tigers took the finale of this three - game set in emphatic fashion . Cabrera was 2 for 17 on Detroit 's homestand coming into the game , but he opened the scoring with an RBI single in the first	True
Rajai Davis added a run-scoring double later that inning . Castellanos made it 5 - 1 with his homer in the fifth	True
Rajai Davis added a run-scoring double later that inning . Castellanos made it 5 - 1 with his homer in the fifth , and the Tigers scored three runs in the sixth	False
Castellanos made it 5 - 1 with his homer in the fifth , and the Tigers scored three runs in the sixth . After Cabrera 's home run , Holaday hit an RBI double to put Detroit ahead 8 - 1 . Gose and Ian Kinsler hit consecutive triples to start the bottom of the seventh	False
Castellanos made it 5 - 1 with his homer in the fifth , and the Tigers scored three runs in the sixth . After Cabrera 's home run , Holaday hit an RBI double to put Detroit ahead 8 - 1 . Gose and Ian Kinsler hit consecutive triples to start the bottom of the seventh , and Cabrera followed with a drive that barely cleared the wall in right to make it 11 - 1 . Holaday added a two - run shot in the eighth -- his first homer of the year and second	False
Detroit 's three highest-scoring games this year have all been against the Twins . The Tigers beat Minnesota 11 - 0 on April 8 and 10 - 7 on April 29 . Detroit began Thursday 's game with a terrific double play on a grounder up the middle by Kurt Suzuki . Shortstop Jose Iglesias ranged well to his left and shoveled the ball with his glove to Kinsler at second	False
Detroit 's three highest-scoring games this year have all been against the Twins . The Tigers beat Minnesota 11 - 0 on April 8 and 10 - 7 on April 29 . Detroit began Thursday 's game with a terrific double play on a grounder up the middle by Kurt Suzuki . Shortstop Jose Iglesias ranged well to his left and shoveled the ball with his glove to Kinsler at second , who barehanded it and threw to first	False
Sale ( 3 - 1 ) looked nothing like the pitcher who 'd given up 13 runs over his previous two starts against Minnesota and Detroit in returning from a five - game suspension for his role in an April 23 brawl with Kansas City . The biggest reason was his command . After walking seven in his previous 8 1/3 innings , Sale did n't allow a walk until two outs in the eighth	True
The biggest reason was his command . After walking seven in his previous 8 1/3 innings , Sale did n't allow a walk until two outs in the eighth in notching his 19th career double-digit strikeout game in his 91st career start . He looked like he was having fun on the mound , too . He flashed a wide grin after his behind-the-back stab of Ryan Braun 's grounder in the fourth	True
Salazar ( 4 - 1 ) was in complete command after giving up Dozier 's drive , the only hit he allowed . The right-hander matched his career high with 11 strikeouts , including six in a row , and did n't walk a batter in seven innings . Lonnie Chisenhall hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Salazar said he stayed cool and calm after the home run . Salazar was removed after 102 pitches . He struck out the side in the fifth	True
Salazar said he stayed cool and calm after the home run . Salazar was removed after 102 pitches . He struck out the side in the fifth and sixth	True
Minnesota had its four - game winning streak snapped and lost for only the second time in 11 games . The Twins are 17 - 8 since April 13 . A trio of Cleveland pitchers combined for 16 strikeouts in a two - hitter . Zach McAllister struck out three in the eighth	True
Minnesota had its four - game winning streak snapped and lost for only the second time in 11 games . The Twins are 17 - 8 since April 13 . A trio of Cleveland pitchers combined for 16 strikeouts in a two - hitter . Zach McAllister struck out three in the eighth . Cody Allen fanned two in the ninth	False
The 25-year-old Salazar is showing signs of the pitcher who helped the Indians make the playoffs in 2013 and started the wild-card game against Tampa Bay . He struggled last season and began this year in the minors , but has been dominant since getting called up April 18 . Salazar has struck out 48 in 33 innings , and the Indians are 5 - 1 in games he 's started . He was well aware he struck out six straight in the fifth	True
The 25-year-old Salazar is showing signs of the pitcher who helped the Indians make the playoffs in 2013 and started the wild-card game against Tampa Bay . He struggled last season and began this year in the minors , but has been dominant since getting called up April 18 . Salazar has struck out 48 in 33 innings , and the Indians are 5 - 1 in games he 's started . He was well aware he struck out six straight in the fifth and sixth	True
Upton homered off Randall Delgado in the 12th inning Saturday night for what proved to be the winning run against his old team in San Diego 's 6 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks , a game that included Padres closer Craig Kimbrel 's first blown save since last June . Upton also singled in a run in the ninth	True
Upton homered off Randall Delgado in the 12th inning Saturday night for what proved to be the winning run against his old team in San Diego 's 6 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks , a game that included Padres closer Craig Kimbrel 's first blown save since last June . Upton also singled in a run in the ninth and made an ill-advised dive to try to stop a base hit that turned into David Peralta 's RBI triple in the fourth	True
Upton homered off Delgado ( 1 - 2 ) in San Diego earlier this season . Both long balls were on fastballs . Arizona had forced extra innings when pinch-hitter Danny Dorn doubled in two runs off Kimbrel to tie it in the ninth	True
Arizona had forced extra innings when pinch-hitter Danny Dorn doubled in two runs off Kimbrel to tie it in the ninth . Dorn , who has spent nearly all of his 10 professional seasons in the minors , lined Kimbrel 's 98 mph pitch down the right field line after Jordan Pacheco walked and Aaron Hill singled . It was Dorn 's third hit , first	False
As a reward , Dorn was optioned to Triple-A Reno after the game . Delgado ( 1 - 2 ) threw two scoreless innings before Upton led off the 12th	True
Kevin Quackenbush ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings to get the victory . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Upton 's decision to try to dive to get Peralta 's low line drive rather than letting it drop for a single backfired when the ball went past the left fielder and rolled to the wall for an RBI triple . Consecutive RBI doubles by Yangervis Solarte and Derek Norris in the eighth	True
Consecutive RBI doubles by Yangervis Solarte and Derek Norris in the eighth had given the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . San Diego padded the lead to 4 - 2 when Wil Myers doubled and Upton singled him home . The Diamondbacks had runners at first	False
Consecutive RBI doubles by Yangervis Solarte and Derek Norris in the eighth had given the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . San Diego padded the lead to 4 - 2 when Wil Myers doubled and Upton singled him home . The Diamondbacks had runners at first and third	False
Consecutive RBI doubles by Yangervis Solarte and Derek Norris in the eighth had given the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . San Diego padded the lead to 4 - 2 when Wil Myers doubled and Upton singled him home . The Diamondbacks had runners at first and third with one out in the 10th	True
Consecutive RBI doubles by Yangervis Solarte and Derek Norris in the eighth had given the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . San Diego padded the lead to 4 - 2 when Wil Myers doubled and Upton singled him home . The Diamondbacks had runners at first and third with one out in the 10th when second baseman Jedd Gyrko made a diving stop of Cliff Pennington 's sharp liner , then stepped on first	False
Ross Detwiler ( 0 - 4 ) took the loss . Asdrubal Cabrera , in the center of a skirmish earlier in the game , homered for Tampa Bay . He ended a career-long 49-game drought without a home run with a solo drive in the eighth	True
Evan Longoria and Steven Souza Jr. hit three - run homers for the Rays . The benches and bullpens emptied in the fourth	True
Texas challenged the safe call , which was confirmed after a wait of 3 1/2 minutes . Longoria hit his fourth homer during the first	True
Texas challenged the safe call , which was confirmed after a wait of 3 1/2 minutes . Longoria hit his fourth homer during the first . Souza made it 6 - 2 in the fifth	True
Longoria hit his fourth homer during the first . Souza made it 6 - 2 in the fifth with his fifth home run . Carlos Peguero hit a two - run homer off Andriese in the fourth	True
Texas had won four in a row . Karns ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two hits through seven scoreless innings before Adam Rosales homered to lead off the eighth	True
Yovani Gallardo ( 2 - 5 ) lost his fourth straight start , giving up four runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings . He has gotten two runs of support during the skid . Evan Longoria hit an RBI single that finished Gallardo in the sixth	True
Longoria was the designated hitter , one day after his streak of playing in 270 consecutive games ended due to flu-like symptoms . The Rangers rallied to score twice in the eighth	True
Adrian Beltre cut the Rangers ' deficit to 5 - 2 with a sacrifice fly to the center-field warning track off Kevin Jepsen . A walk reloaded the bases , and Jepsen struck out Carlos Peguero to end the inning . Tim Beckham had a sacrifice fly and Jake Elmore hit an RBI single in the Rays ' three - run eighth	True
Tim Beckham had a sacrifice fly and Jake Elmore hit an RBI single in the Rays ' three - run eighth . Elmore was optioned to Triple-A Durham after the game . David DeJesus put the Rays up 1 - 0 with a home run in the second	True
The Phillies used to sellout nightly when they were winning five straight division titles between 2007 - 11 . But now a crowd of 32,734 is considered large . It was the most since opening day . Harvey ( 5 - 1 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings for his first career loss before June and first	False
Philadelphia 's Freddy Galvis was 3 for 3 with a walk , raising his team-best batting average to .351 . Ken Giles tossed a perfect eighth	True
Hamels , who came in with the lowest run support in the NL at 1.67 runs per game , did n't need much while rebounding from a rough start -- six runs allowed in a 7 - 0 loss at Miami . Howard gave the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead when he led off the bottom of the fourth	True
Ben Revere 's RBI single in the fifth extended the lead to 3 - 1 . Carlos Ruiz started the inning with a single and advanced on Hamels ' sacrifice . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ben Revere 's RBI single in the fifth extended the lead to 3 - 1 . Carlos Ruiz started the inning with a single and advanced on Hamels ' sacrifice . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Howard 's RBI single . Galvis hit a single , stole second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Howard 's RBI single . Galvis hit a single , stole second and scored on Howard 's hard liner . The Mets tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
The Phillies beat the Mets for only the fifth time in the last 20 games . The Mets wasted a chance after Dilson Herrera led off the third	True
Kipnis also homered and drove in two runs for the Indians , who overcame Devon Travis ' first career grand slam . Michael Brantley 's two - run single off Jeff Francis ( 1 - 1 ) tied the score in the fifth	True
Kipnis also homered and drove in two runs for the Indians , who overcame Devon Travis ' first career grand slam . Michael Brantley 's two - run single off Jeff Francis ( 1 - 1 ) tied the score in the fifth and Raburn , batting for David Murphy , lined a double over third	False
Mental mistakes in the field by Bauer and first baseman Carlos Santana helped Toronto to its early lead . Kipnis hit a solo homer in the third	True
Bauer fielded Ezequiel Carrera 's high chopper but did n't get an out as Pillar scored for a 2 - 1 lead . Toronto went 3 - 7 on its longest scheduled trip this season . Russell Martin hit a solo homer off Cody Allen in the ninth	True
LOS ANGELES -- The day at the ballpark began for Los Angeles Dodgers manager Don Mattingly and his players watching the Kentucky Derby live on video screens during batting practice . It ended with them transfixed at their lockers watching the final few rounds of Floyd Mayweather Jr. 's victory over Manny Pacquiao for the World Welterweight title . In-between , red-hot rookie Joc Pederson hit a tying solo homer in the seventh	True
Justin Turner also homered for the Dodgers , who are 14 - 0 when scoring four or more runs -- compared with 1 - 8 when they get three or fewer . Diamondbacks right-hander Jeremy Hellickson allowed three runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings , leaving with a 4 - 3 lead , thanks to Aaron Hill 's tiebreaking leadoff homer in the fourth	True
Justin Turner also homered for the Dodgers , who are 14 - 0 when scoring four or more runs -- compared with 1 - 8 when they get three or fewer . Diamondbacks right-hander Jeremy Hellickson allowed three runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings , leaving with a 4 - 3 lead , thanks to Aaron Hill 's tiebreaking leadoff homer in the fourth and Paul Goldschmidt 's two - run shot in the first	True
But the Dodgers pulled ahead against Evan Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) . Pederson , who got his first career grand slam in Friday night 's series-opening 8 - 0 win , hit the first pitch over the center field wall with two out for his sixth	False
But the Dodgers pulled ahead against Evan Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) . Pederson , who got his first career grand slam in Friday night 's series-opening 8 - 0 win , hit the first pitch over the center field wall with two out for his sixth of the season and third	False
But the Dodgers pulled ahead against Evan Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) . Pederson , who got his first career grand slam in Friday night 's series-opening 8 - 0 win , hit the first pitch over the center field wall with two out for his sixth of the season and third in three games since he was moved from eighth	True
Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) pitched three perfect innings in relief of starter Scott Baker to get the win and Chris Hatcher got three outs for his second save since closer Kenley Jansen went on the disabled list . Jimmy Rollins added an insurance run with an RBI single in the eighth	True
Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 1 ) pitched three perfect innings in relief of starter Scott Baker to get the win and Chris Hatcher got three outs for his second save since closer Kenley Jansen went on the disabled list . Jimmy Rollins added an insurance run with an RBI single in the eighth , after entering the game in the seventh	True
The game ended when pinch-hitter David Peralta 's groundball toward the middle hit baserunner Jordan Pacheco for the final out . The same thing happened just hours earlier in the Los Angeles Angels ' 5 - 4 loss at San Francisco . Baker threw 83 pitches through four innings , allowing four runs and seven hits including Hill 's first homer of the season and Goldschmidt 's sixth	False
In his last two starts , Hughes allowed only two runs in 16 innings . He kept the momentum going and might have gotten deeper into the game if his defense had helped . Glen Perkins gave up a walk in the ninth	True
Hunter 's 12th homer put the Twins ahead right away . Joe Mauer 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 1 in the fifth inning . Brian Dozier doubled and scored as the Twins pulled away in the seventh	True
Curtis Granderson homered for New York and Brandon Phillips had an RBI double for the Reds on Saturday before the game was cut short after six innings with the score tied 1-all . Granderson had a big hit in the 13th	True
Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 0 ) pitched an inning in his sixth appearance since returning from Tommy John surgery . He earned his first win since June 6 , 2013 . Reds slugger Todd Frazier fouled out with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 0 ) pitched an inning in his sixth appearance since returning from Tommy John surgery . He earned his first win since June 6 , 2013 . Reds slugger Todd Frazier fouled out with the bases loaded in the seventh , and both struggling lineups had chances to score in the late innings . Gold Glove center fielder Juan Lagares robbed Cincinnati 's Jay Bruce of a homer in the eighth	True
Reds slugger Todd Frazier fouled out with the bases loaded in the seventh , and both struggling lineups had chances to score in the late innings . Gold Glove center fielder Juan Lagares robbed Cincinnati 's Jay Bruce of a homer in the eighth , and two fantastic plays by Schumaker in the seventh thwarted the Mets . New York failed to take advantage of a two - base error by Votto in the 11th	True
When the game restarted , 20 minutes after the planned time because of more early rain in New York , the official scorer announced Reds rookie Michael Lorenzen 's line -- he was lifted in the sixth inning Saturday night . The Reds loaded the bases in the seventh	True
The Reds loaded the bases in the seventh , but Hansel Robles got Frazier to foul out . Lorenzen matched Harvey most of the way Saturday and received relief help from Manny Parra , who retired Granderson on a 3 - 1 pitch with the bases loaded to end the sixth	True
Betts overcame getting thrown out on the bases late in a tie game , doubling to extend his career-best hitting streak to 13 games and scoring on Brock Holt 's 10th-inniing single to give his team a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Betts was in danger of losing Boston 's longest hitting streak in two years after reaching on a fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
Betts overcame getting thrown out on the bases late in a tie game , doubling to extend his career-best hitting streak to 13 games and scoring on Brock Holt 's 10th-inniing single to give his team a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Betts was in danger of losing Boston 's longest hitting streak in two years after reaching on a fielder 's choice in the seventh and getting thrown out after stealing second	False
Holt followed with his game-winning hit off Steve Geltz ( 1 - 3 ) . Alexi Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) came out of the bullpen in the ninth inning to get the win , retiring the only batter he faced to escape a jam with runners at second	False
Holt followed with his game-winning hit off Steve Geltz ( 1 - 3 ) . Alexi Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) came out of the bullpen in the ninth inning to get the win , retiring the only batter he faced to escape a jam with runners at second and third base . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect 10th	True
Alejandro De Aza and Jackie Bradley , Jr. drove in second-inning runs to help Boston build a 3 - 1 lead against Alex Colome , who allowed four hits , walked five and struck out two over six innings . Newly acquired Marc Krauss doubled to drive in a run his first at-bat for Tampa Bay , and the Rays scored twice in the sixth	True
The Rays , needing help at first base because of injuries , obtained Krauss from the Los Angeles Angels for minor league pitcher Kyle Winkler on Thursday . His second-inning double drove in Logan Forsythe , who had three hits off Porcello . The Rays outhit the Red Sox 12 - 10 , but stranded eight while going 1 for 7 with runners in scoring position . Asdrubal Cabrera doubled and Jake Elmore was walked intentionally to begin the ninth	True
Curtis Granderson launched a leadoff homer into the second deck on Cueto 's third pitch . It was 1-all in the fifth	True
Syndergaard gave up five singles , walked none and struck out five in the longest of his nine starts in the majors . He hit 99 mph with his fastball in the first inning , mixed in his changeups and curves against an aggressive lineup and won for the first time in five starts . The Mets ' infield backed him all night . Shortstop Wilmer Flores , third baseman Ruben Tejada and Herrera at second	False
Syndergaard gave up five singles , walked none and struck out five in the longest of his nine starts in the majors . He hit 99 mph with his fastball in the first inning , mixed in his changeups and curves against an aggressive lineup and won for the first time in five starts . The Mets ' infield backed him all night . Shortstop Wilmer Flores , third baseman Ruben Tejada and Herrera at second and Duda at first	False
The Mets ' infield backed him all night . Shortstop Wilmer Flores , third baseman Ruben Tejada and Herrera at second and Duda at first each made nice plays , and catcher Kevin Plawecki caught a runner trying to steal . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Collins said before the game that Granderson might be able to ignite the team . He was right , as Granderson hit his 32nd career leadoff home run and fourth	False
Collins said before the game that Granderson might be able to ignite the team . He was right , as Granderson hit his 32nd career leadoff home run and fourth this season . The Reds tied it in the second	True
The Reds tied it in the second when Jay Bruce and Pena opened with singles , setting up an RBI grounder by Chris Dominguez . Brandon Phillips singled in the third	False
Starting in center field for the sixth time in seven games while Jones rests an injured right shoulder , Lough hit a three - run homer in a four - run second inning and the Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 6 - 4 on Tuesday night , their 12th win in 15 games . Jones is third	False
Lough started just three games in center field this season before Jones was hurt . The Red Sox had a chance to tie it the ninth	True
Lough started just three games in center field this season before Jones was hurt . The Red Sox had a chance to tie it the ninth after Dustin Pedroia 's two - out , run-scoring double . But David Ortiz lined out to third	False
Lough connected off Joe Kelly ( 2 - 5 ) after a sacrifice fly by Ryan Flaherty . Baltimore made it 5 - 1 in the fourth	True
Lough connected off Joe Kelly ( 2 - 5 ) after a sacrifice fly by Ryan Flaherty . Baltimore made it 5 - 1 in the fourth on an RBI single by Jimmy Paredes and 6 - 3 in the sixth	False
Baltimore made it 5 - 1 in the fourth on an RBI single by Jimmy Paredes and 6 - 3 in the sixth on a run-scoring double by Manny Machado . Boston scored single runs in the third	True
Baltimore made it 5 - 1 in the fourth on an RBI single by Jimmy Paredes and 6 - 3 in the sixth on a run-scoring double by Manny Machado . Boston scored single runs in the third , fourth	True
Baltimore made it 5 - 1 in the fourth on an RBI single by Jimmy Paredes and 6 - 3 in the sixth on a run-scoring double by Manny Machado . Boston scored single runs in the third , fourth and fifth	True
Boston scored single runs in the third , fourth and fifth off Ubaldo Jimenez ( 6 - 3 ) Farrell was ejected by plate umpire Tim Timmons after arguing a called third strike to Holt that ended the sixth	True
But Jimenez , who has allowed three earned runs or less in 12 of his 14 starts , and four relievers from one of baseball 's best bullpens held them to eight hits , just two in the last four innings . The Orioles went ahead in the second	True
The Orioles went ahead in the second when they loaded the bases on singles by the first three batters , Chris Davis , Travis Snyder and J. J. Hardy . After Flaherty 's sacrifice fly , Lough , the usual starting left fielder , hit his fourth homer . The Red Sox cut the lead to 4 - 1 in the third	True
The Orioles went ahead in the second when they loaded the bases on singles by the first three batters , Chris Davis , Travis Snyder and J. J. Hardy . After Flaherty 's sacrifice fly , Lough , the usual starting left fielder , hit his fourth homer . The Red Sox cut the lead to 4 - 1 in the third on a single by Sandy Leon , a double by Mookie Betts and a run-scoring groundout by Holt . They made it 5 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Red Sox cut the lead to 4 - 1 in the third on a single by Sandy Leon , a double by Mookie Betts and a run-scoring groundout by Holt . They made it 5 - 2 in the fourth when Hanley Ramirez singled , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on a single by Pablo Sandoval . They drew within two runs in the fifth	True
They drew within two runs in the fifth when Pedroia and Ortiz walked with two outs and Ramirez singled in Pedroia . But after Flaherty walked and was sacrificed to second	False
They drew within two runs in the fifth when Pedroia and Ortiz walked with two outs and Ramirez singled in Pedroia . But after Flaherty walked and was sacrificed to second by Lough in the sixth	True
Archer agreed . Brandon Guyer and Joey Butler had RBI singles for the Rays , with a wild pitch and passed ball setting up both runs off knuckleballer R. A. Dickey ( 3 - 7 ) . The Rays scored a third run off the Toronto starter with help from center fielder Kevin Pillar 's throwing error and , Cabrera hit a solo homer off Steve Delabar for a 4 - 2 lead in the eighth	True
Brandon Guyer and Joey Butler had RBI singles for the Rays , with a wild pitch and passed ball setting up both runs off knuckleballer R. A. Dickey ( 3 - 7 ) . The Rays scored a third run off the Toronto starter with help from center fielder Kevin Pillar 's throwing error and , Cabrera hit a solo homer off Steve Delabar for a 4 - 2 lead in the eighth . Edwin Encarnacion 's solo homer off Brad Boxberger , who earned his 19th save , trimmed Toronto 's deficit to one run in the ninth	False
Edwin Encarnacion 's solo homer off Brad Boxberger , who earned his 19th save , trimmed Toronto 's deficit to one run in the ninth . Archer ( 9 - 4 ) limited the Blue Jays to no runs and two hits over seven innings each of the first two times he faced them this year . He held them hitless this time until Dioner Navarro homered with one out in the fifth	True
Archer ( 9 - 4 ) limited the Blue Jays to no runs and two hits over seven innings each of the first two times he faced them this year . He held them hitless this time until Dioner Navarro homered with one out in the fifth . Navarro went deep against his former team for the second straight night , ending the Blue Jays ' string of consecutive scoreless innings against Archer at 18 . Pillar singled leading off the sixth	True
Archer ( 9 - 4 ) limited the Blue Jays to no runs and two hits over seven innings each of the first two times he faced them this year . He held them hitless this time until Dioner Navarro homered with one out in the fifth . Navarro went deep against his former team for the second straight night , ending the Blue Jays ' string of consecutive scoreless innings against Archer at 18 . Pillar singled leading off the sixth for the second hit off the Rays starter , and Navarro singled in the seventh	False
Jake Diekman ( 2 - 1 ) walked three in two scoreless innings for the win in relief of Corriea . In his third start this year , Corriea allowed five runs in four innings . Franco opened the scoring with a homer in the first	True
Jake Diekman ( 2 - 1 ) walked three in two scoreless innings for the win in relief of Corriea . In his third start this year , Corriea allowed five runs in four innings . Franco opened the scoring with a homer in the first . He singled and scored in the third	True
Jake Diekman ( 2 - 1 ) walked three in two scoreless innings for the win in relief of Corriea . In his third start this year , Corriea allowed five runs in four innings . Franco opened the scoring with a homer in the first . He singled and scored in the third , had two - run single in the fourth	True
Jake Diekman ( 2 - 1 ) walked three in two scoreless innings for the win in relief of Corriea . In his third start this year , Corriea allowed five runs in four innings . Franco opened the scoring with a homer in the first . He singled and scored in the third , had two - run single in the fourth and connected for a long two - run drive to left in the sixth	True
Jake Diekman ( 2 - 1 ) walked three in two scoreless innings for the win in relief of Corriea . In his third start this year , Corriea allowed five runs in four innings . Franco opened the scoring with a homer in the first . He singled and scored in the third , had two - run single in the fourth and connected for a long two - run drive to left in the sixth off Chris Capuano . He struck out with the bases loaded to end the seventh	True
Franco opened the scoring with a homer in the first . He singled and scored in the third , had two - run single in the fourth and connected for a long two - run drive to left in the sixth off Chris Capuano . He struck out with the bases loaded to end the seventh with a chance to push his first multihomer game to three longballs . In the bottom half , Franco dived to snare Chris Young 's sharp grounder leading off and made a strong throw to first	False
In the bottom half , Franco dived to snare Chris Young 's sharp grounder leading off and made a strong throw to first for the out . Trailing 2 - 1 going the third	True
Trailing 2 - 1 going the third , the team that scored just 22 runs in those 12 straight road losses -- their longest road losing streak since 1999 -- put their first four batters on with Howard hitting a two - run single to put the Phillies back on top . In 3 1/3 innings , Pineda allowed career highs of eight runs and 11 hits -- his second poor start sandwiching an outing in which he took a no-hitter into the seventh	True
The Giants loaded the bases with one out on a walk to Brandon Belt and consecutive singles by Andrew Susac and Justin Maxwell . Joaquin Arias bounced to second baseman Dustin Ackley for what looked like a possible inning-ending double play , but shortstop Brad Miller dropped the ball on the attempted relay after the force at second	False
The Giants loaded the bases with one out on a walk to Brandon Belt and consecutive singles by Andrew Susac and Justin Maxwell . Joaquin Arias bounced to second baseman Dustin Ackley for what looked like a possible inning-ending double play , but shortstop Brad Miller dropped the ball on the attempted relay after the force at second , allowing Belt to score and sending Susac to third	False
Nori Aoki followed with an RBI single and Joe Panik 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 . The Mariners , who have lost nine of their last 11 at home , chased Vogelsong with consecutive two - out singles in the seventh	True
Nori Aoki followed with an RBI single and Joe Panik 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 . The Mariners , who have lost nine of their last 11 at home , chased Vogelsong with consecutive two - out singles in the seventh , but Javier Lopez retired Ackley on a bouncer to first	False
The Mariners , who have lost nine of their last 11 at home , chased Vogelsong with consecutive two - out singles in the seventh , but Javier Lopez retired Ackley on a bouncer to first . Including Ackley , left-handed batters are 2 for 37 off Lopez , including 0 for their last 27 . The Giants added four runs in the eighth	False
The Giants added four runs in the eighth , keyed by Matt Duffy 's two - run triple . Hunter Strickland walked two Mariners in the eighth	True
The Giants added four runs in the eighth , keyed by Matt Duffy 's two - run triple . Hunter Strickland walked two Mariners in the eighth , but Cruz lined into an unassisted double play at second	False
Hunter Strickland walked two Mariners in the eighth , but Cruz lined into an unassisted double play at second to end the inning . Seth Smith and Mark Trumbo opened the Seattle ninth	True
Pillar went 3 for 4 with two RBI as the Blue Jays , whose 11-game winning streak ended with Monday 's 11-inning loss to the Mets at Citi Field , won the opener of a five - game homestand . Toronto is 12 - 3 in June . The Blue Jays lead the majors with 369 runs . Entering play Wednesday , Arizona was second	False
The Mets dropped to 10 - 20 on the road . They 've lost 12 of 15 away from home . Hutchison left after Michael Cuddyer 's double in the sixth	True
Hutchison left after Michael Cuddyer 's double in the sixth . Steve Delabar came on and got Travis d'Arnaud to ground out . Pillar got the Blue Jays started with a two - out RBI single off Jonathon Niese ( 3 - 7 ) in the second	True
Hutchison left after Michael Cuddyer 's double in the sixth . Steve Delabar came on and got Travis d'Arnaud to ground out . Pillar got the Blue Jays started with a two - out RBI single off Jonathon Niese ( 3 - 7 ) in the second . Chris Colabello singled home Josh Donaldson after his leadoff double in the sixth	True
Pillar got the Blue Jays started with a two - out RBI single off Jonathon Niese ( 3 - 7 ) in the second . Chris Colabello singled home Josh Donaldson after his leadoff double in the sixth . Pillar made it 3 - 0 with a first-pitch homer off Niese in the seventh	True
Niese , who allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings , has not won in seven starts . Even so , Collins was impressed by what Niese did against the Blue Jays , who came in batting .313 against lefties . Toronto put the game away with a five - run eighth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jesse Chavez had already reached double digits in strikeouts for the first time in his career and was prepping to go out for the eighth inning when Athletics manager Bob Melvin decided to go to the bullpen . With Oakland 's offense in the midst of a four - run seventh	True
Chavez ( 3 - 6 ) went into the game with the eighth-lowest ERA in the AL but had gotten little to no run support in his previous 10 starts . Against the Padres , however , Chavez got more than enough backing and was dominant while allowing three hits over seven innings . He fanned seven of the first 11 batters , walked one and did n't allow a runner past first base until Alexi Amarista homered on the first pitch leading off the sixth	True
Oakland , which went into the game with the worst record in the AL , set season highs for runs and hits ( 20 ) while extending its winning streak to four . It got so bad for San Diego that interim manager Pat Murphy used Amarista -- the Padres ' starting shortstop -- to pitch and get the final out of the ninth	True
The former Kansas City slugger , who signed with Oakland in the offseason , had been mired in an 8 - for - 42 funk before homering off San Diego starter Odrisamer Despaigne ( 3 - 5 ) . Butler also singled three times . Zobrist had an RBI single in the first	True
The former Kansas City slugger , who signed with Oakland in the offseason , had been mired in an 8 - for - 42 funk before homering off San Diego starter Odrisamer Despaigne ( 3 - 5 ) . Butler also singled three times . Zobrist had an RBI single in the first , tripled in the third	True
The former Kansas City slugger , who signed with Oakland in the offseason , had been mired in an 8 - for - 42 funk before homering off San Diego starter Odrisamer Despaigne ( 3 - 5 ) . Butler also singled three times . Zobrist had an RBI single in the first , tripled in the third and added a two - run double in the seventh	True
Zobrist had an RBI single in the first , tripled in the third and added a two - run double in the seventh . Sam Fuld and Brett Lawrie drove in two runs apiece during Oakland 's seven - run eighth	True
Ramos homered twice off position players , Bryce Harper and Clint Robinson also went deep , and the Washington Nationals routed the Tampa Bay Rays 16 - 4 on Tuesday night . With the game out of reach , Rays manager Kevin Cash used infielders Jake Elmore and Nick Franklin to pitch the final two innings . Ramos hit a solo shot against Elmore in the eighth	True
Ramos homered twice off position players , Bryce Harper and Clint Robinson also went deep , and the Washington Nationals routed the Tampa Bay Rays 16 - 4 on Tuesday night . With the game out of reach , Rays manager Kevin Cash used infielders Jake Elmore and Nick Franklin to pitch the final two innings . Ramos hit a solo shot against Elmore in the eighth and added a two - run drive off Franklin in the ninth	True
With the game out of reach , Rays manager Kevin Cash used infielders Jake Elmore and Nick Franklin to pitch the final two innings . Ramos hit a solo shot against Elmore in the eighth and added a two - run drive off Franklin in the ninth to finish with four RBI . Harper hit his 22nd homer this season and finished a triple shy of the cycle with a walk . His long solo shot to center off C. J. Riefenhauser during a four - run fifth	True
Colome ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six runs , seven hits and three walks over two innings as Tampa Bay lost for just the fifth time in 17 games . Rene Rivera hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
ampa Bay third baseman Evan Longoria had two hits one day after leaving with a bruised left wrist , the result of being hit by a pitch Monday in the fifth inning . Franklin pinch-hit for Longoria in the fifth	True
Valbuena has 41 hits this season , including a team-leading 16 homers . Valbuena hit a solo homer in the second	True
Valbuena hit a solo homer in the second off Chris Rusin ( 2 - 2 ) and added the three - run drive the next inning . His first homer landed in the Crawford Boxes in left field and showed his new patient approach at the plate . Will Harris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of rookie Vince Velasquez , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Luke Gregerson threw a perfect ninth	True
Houston All-Star second baseman Jose Altuve went 1 for 4 with an RBI and a walk after missing three games because of a strained right hamstring . While he was back in the lineup manager A. J. Hinch was cautious about his ability to go full speed . Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - run homer for Colorado that chased Velasquez . He was also initially credited with a solo homer over the right-field foul pole in the seventh	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - run homer for Colorado that chased Velasquez . He was also initially credited with a solo homer over the right-field foul pole in the seventh , but first-base umpire Bob Davidson 's fair call was overturned in a video review . Domingo Santana hit an RBI single to right in the third	True
`` A little life in this team , how about that ? '' manager Lloyd McClendon quipped . Kyle Seager hit his 11th home run with a solo shot in the eighth	True
Kyle Seager hit his 11th home run with a solo shot in the eighth , Walker struck out six in seven innings and the Mariners beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 1 on Monday night . Logan Morrison hit a go-ahead single in the fifth	True
World Series champion San Francisco lost its fifth straight overall for its third losing streak of five or more this season . The Mariners added on in the fifth	True
The Mariners added on in the fifth on a fielding blunder when second baseman Joe Panik scurried backward and tried to catch Austin Jackson 's popup in shallow center but missed the ball . It did n't appear center fielder Angel Pagan called him off , while right fielder Jarrett Parker also hustled to the play . Jackson singled home an insurance run in the ninth	True
Hudson , receiving one or zero runs of support for the eighth time in 13 starts , lost his 23rd career interleague game to match Derek Lowe and Barry Zito for most all time . Nori Aoki hit an infield single in the second	True
Hudson , receiving one or zero runs of support for the eighth time in 13 starts , lost his 23rd career interleague game to match Derek Lowe and Barry Zito for most all time . Nori Aoki hit an infield single in the second for the Giants ' lone run after Seattle went ahead in the first	True
The conflicted crowd was cheering again moments later , this time for the home team . Ramos got Rodriguez to fly out , and the Marlins beat the New York Yankees 2 - 1 . Rodriguez , who batted for Stephen Drew with a runner at first	False
Rodriguez is not expected to start in the Yankees ' final game in Miami on Tuesday either . Tom Koehler pitched seven innings for Miami and was helped by acrobatic defense . Derek Dietrich , recalled from the minors last week , hit his first home run of the season in the seventh	True
The Marlins ' Ichiro Suzuki had two hits against former teammate Tanaka in an all-Japanese matchup . The game was televised in Japan . Miami 's Carter Capps struck out the side in the eighth	True
The Marlins ' Ichiro Suzuki had two hits against former teammate Tanaka in an all-Japanese matchup . The game was televised in Japan . Miami 's Carter Capps struck out the side in the eighth and topped out at 100 mph . A. J. Ramos pitched around a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays used some hustle and a little luck to rally for their latest win . Steven Souza Jr. , tied the score with a two - out RBI single in the eighth inning , stole second	False
Steven Souza Jr. , tied the score with a two - out RBI single in the eighth inning , stole second with the help of a replay challenge , and scored the winning run on an error to lift the Rays to a 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox for their 10th win in 14 games . Souza 's two - out single off Zach Putnam ( 1 - 2 ) drove in David DeJesus , who had singled and stole second	False
Souza 's two - out single off Zach Putnam ( 1 - 2 ) drove in David DeJesus , who had singled and stole second . Souza then swiped second -- after initially being called out -- and Asdrubal Cabrera was walked intentionally before Jake Elmore hit a bouncer up the middle . Shortstop Alexei Ramirez fielded Elmore 's grounder , but made a wild throw while trying to get the out at second	False
Souza 's two - out single off Zach Putnam ( 1 - 2 ) drove in David DeJesus , who had singled and stole second . Souza then swiped second -- after initially being called out -- and Asdrubal Cabrera was walked intentionally before Jake Elmore hit a bouncer up the middle . Shortstop Alexei Ramirez fielded Elmore 's grounder , but made a wild throw while trying to get the out at second . Souza rounded third	False
Ramirez 's error was the only one of the game . Tampa Bay had a 3 - 2 lead before pinch-hitter Conor Gillaspie connected for a two - run shot against Rays reliever Brad Boxberger ( 4 - 3 ) in the eighth	True
Ramirez 's error was the only one of the game . Tampa Bay had a 3 - 2 lead before pinch-hitter Conor Gillaspie connected for a two - run shot against Rays reliever Brad Boxberger ( 4 - 3 ) in the eighth . It was Gillaspie 's third	False
The first pinch homer of the year for Chicago came after Chris Archer walked pinch-hitter Adam Eaton . Archer 's first walk in four starts came on his last pitch of the game , but the right-hander said he was not disappointed at getting taken out , even though he had retired 10 straight before the walk . Jake McGee worked the ninth	True
Jake McGee worked the ninth for his third save . Tampa Bay grabbed a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Jake McGee worked the ninth for his third save . Tampa Bay grabbed a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh . Nick Franklin had a one - out triple to right and pinch-hitter Logan Forsythe followed with a chopper to shortstop against a drawn-in infield . Ramirez bobbled the ball briefly , and then threw to first	False
Chicago starter Jeff Samardzija pitched seven solid innings . He allowed three runs and six hits with seven strikeouts and one walk . Archer gave up five hits and struck out five . His walk was the first	False
Latos was helped by Giancarlo Stanton , who homered and drove in four runs . Stanton had a two - run double in the first	True
Latos was helped by Giancarlo Stanton , who homered and drove in four runs . Stanton had a two - run double in the first and a two - run home run , his 23rd , in the sixth	True
The Marlins only needed four hits and held the Rockies to five to win their third straight in the series . Latos was sharp from the beginning , striking out the first two batters in the first	True
The Marlins only needed four hits and held the Rockies to five to win their third straight in the series . Latos was sharp from the beginning , striking out the first two batters in the first and then striking out the side in the fifth	True
Latos was sharp from the beginning , striking out the first two batters in the first and then striking out the side in the fifth . The 11 strikeouts were the most for Latos since also getting 11 on July 6 , 2013 , against Seattle while with Cincinnati . It was his 10th career game with at least 10 strikeouts . A. J. Ramos pitched a perfect ninth	True
Stanton made an immediate impact on the game in the first inning . He made a sliding catch in foul territory on a fly ball to right by Troy Tulowitzki to end the top half , and followed with his two - run double high off the left-center field wall for a 2 - 0 lead . D. J. LeMahieu led off the sixth	True
Stanton made an immediate impact on the game in the first inning . He made a sliding catch in foul territory on a fly ball to right by Troy Tulowitzki to end the top half , and followed with his two - run double high off the left-center field wall for a 2 - 0 lead . D. J. LeMahieu led off the sixth with a double , stole third	False
Miami 's Marcell Ozuna had his 13-game hitting streak snapped with an 0 - for - 4 performance . Stanton 's two - run homer to left gave the Marlins a 4 - 1 lead . It was his second four - RBI game of the series and third	False
Fiers ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits . He struck out eight and walked three in his second career victory in two starts against the Nationals . The right-hander pitched 6 1/3 scoreless innings in a 6 - 0 win against Washington July 27 , 2012 , and made two relief appearances against them last season . Second baseman Scooter Gennett turned in a defensive gem in the fourth	True
Fiers ( 3 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five hits . He struck out eight and walked three in his second career victory in two starts against the Nationals . The right-hander pitched 6 1/3 scoreless innings in a 6 - 0 win against Washington July 27 , 2012 , and made two relief appearances against them last season . Second baseman Scooter Gennett turned in a defensive gem in the fourth . Wilson Ramos hit a sharply hit ball that Gennett snagged with a dive that carried him well behind the bag at second	False
Second baseman Scooter Gennett turned in a defensive gem in the fourth . Wilson Ramos hit a sharply hit ball that Gennett snagged with a dive that carried him well behind the bag at second . Without getting up , he flipped the ball with his glove to shortstop Jean Segura who grabbed it barehanded and stepped on the bag to just get Bryce Harper . Fiers escaped a two - out bases loaded jam in the sixth	True
Fiers escaped a two - out bases loaded jam in the sixth when he got pinch-hitter Danny Espinosa on a long fly ball that Shane Patterson caught on the warning track in left . Ramirez put Milwaukee ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
Fiers escaped a two - out bases loaded jam in the sixth when he got pinch-hitter Danny Espinosa on a long fly ball that Shane Patterson caught on the warning track in left . Ramirez put Milwaukee ahead 2 - 0 in the first with his ninth double of the season . His 10th drove in a run in the third	True
Fiers escaped a two - out bases loaded jam in the sixth when he got pinch-hitter Danny Espinosa on a long fly ball that Shane Patterson caught on the warning track in left . Ramirez put Milwaukee ahead 2 - 0 in the first with his ninth double of the season . His 10th drove in a run in the third . Then he highlighted the Brewers ' four - run fourth inning with his 11th	False
He came in 4 - 0 with a 2.35 ERA in five career starts against the Brewers , but could n't locate his pitches and it cost him just like his last start , a 6 - 3 loss to the Chicago Cubs on Sunday when he allowed four runs and 10 hits in five innings . Bryce Harper did what he could to keep the Nationals close . He hit a solo shot , his 21st home run of the season , leading off the second	True
He came in 4 - 0 with a 2.35 ERA in five career starts against the Brewers , but could n't locate his pitches and it cost him just like his last start , a 6 - 3 loss to the Chicago Cubs on Sunday when he allowed four runs and 10 hits in five innings . Bryce Harper did what he could to keep the Nationals close . He hit a solo shot , his 21st home run of the season , leading off the second and knocked in the second run with an RBI single in the third	True
Harper turned a bit philosophical describing the loss . Tyler Moore homered in the seventh	True
Tyler Moore homered in the seventh and Ramos 's double off reliever Corey Knebel in the eighth drove in Harper . Nationals manager Matt Williams ' astute eye cost the Brewers a run in the third	True
Tyler Moore homered in the seventh and Ramos 's double off reliever Corey Knebel in the eighth drove in Harper . Nationals manager Matt Williams ' astute eye cost the Brewers a run in the third . He asked for a review of second base umpire Todd Tichenor 's safe call at second	False
Tyler Moore homered in the seventh and Ramos 's double off reliever Corey Knebel in the eighth drove in Harper . Nationals manager Matt Williams ' astute eye cost the Brewers a run in the third . He asked for a review of second base umpire Todd Tichenor 's safe call at second . Gerardo Parra dove head first back to the bag on a pickoff play as shortstop Ian Desmond applied the tag . It took 59 seconds for the timely reversal . One batter later , Ramirez doubled home Ryan Braun from first	False
Nationals manager Matt Williams ' astute eye cost the Brewers a run in the third . He asked for a review of second base umpire Todd Tichenor 's safe call at second . Gerardo Parra dove head first back to the bag on a pickoff play as shortstop Ian Desmond applied the tag . It took 59 seconds for the timely reversal . One batter later , Ramirez doubled home Ryan Braun from first . Adam Lind made it 8 - 2 with a run-scoring in the sixth	True
Adam Lind made it 8 - 2 with a run-scoring in the sixth . Each position player had at least one hit for Milwaukee which tied its season-high with 16 hits . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
The Astros had managed more than two runs just once during their losing streak before jumping on Hernandez for more runs than they 'd scored in the last three games combined . The Houston Astros pounded Felix Hernandez early and often , racking up eight runs and chasing the Mariners ace after just one - third	True
The Astros were up by three before a three - run shot by Valbuena , and Castro added a two - run homer two batters later to make it 8 - 0 and end King Felix 's night . Correa , a highly touted rookie making his home debut , was the only out Hernandez got before his early exit . But the top pick in the 2012 draft added a solo homer in the second	True
The Astros were up by three before a three - run shot by Valbuena , and Castro added a two - run homer two batters later to make it 8 - 0 and end King Felix 's night . Correa , a highly touted rookie making his home debut , was the only out Hernandez got before his early exit . But the top pick in the 2012 draft added a solo homer in the second , and Carter pushed the lead to double digits with his soaring shot in the fifth	True
Correa , a highly touted rookie making his home debut , was the only out Hernandez got before his early exit . But the top pick in the 2012 draft added a solo homer in the second , and Carter pushed the lead to double digits with his soaring shot in the fifth . The abbreviated start by Hernandez forced the Mariners to use four relievers before going to catcher Jesus Sucre for the eighth	True
Altuve got the big inning going with a leadoff single before Preston Tucker walked on four pitches . George Springer 's double down the right-field line made it 1 - 0 before things really started falling apart for Hernandez . Evan Gattis hit a one - hopper to Hernandez on the next pitch , and the right-hander threw home to try and stop Tucker from scoring . Instead , Hernandez threw it in the dirt and the ball bounced off catcher Mike Zunino 's leg for an error that allowed two runs to score and Gattis to reach second	False
Hernandez shook his fist and cursed at himself after the ball rolled away and the runners crossed the plate . After a short mound visit , Hernandez walked Colby Rasmus before striking out Correa for the first	True
San Francisco rookie Chris Heston pitched a no-hitter Tuesday , and Mets ace Matt Harvey was hit hard again the following night . So when New York finally pulled this one out , no wonder it was a relief . Sergio Romo ( 0 - 3 ) hit Granderson in the back on an 0 - 2 pitch with one out in the ninth	True
San Francisco rookie Chris Heston pitched a no-hitter Tuesday , and Mets ace Matt Harvey was hit hard again the following night . So when New York finally pulled this one out , no wonder it was a relief . Sergio Romo ( 0 - 3 ) hit Granderson in the back on an 0 - 2 pitch with one out in the ninth . Granderson advanced to second	False
San Francisco rookie Chris Heston pitched a no-hitter Tuesday , and Mets ace Matt Harvey was hit hard again the following night . So when New York finally pulled this one out , no wonder it was a relief . Sergio Romo ( 0 - 3 ) hit Granderson in the back on an 0 - 2 pitch with one out in the ninth . Granderson advanced to second on Andrew Susac 's passed ball and third	False
Sergio Romo ( 0 - 3 ) hit Granderson in the back on an 0 - 2 pitch with one out in the ninth . Granderson advanced to second on Andrew Susac 's passed ball and third on Juan Lagares ' groundout before Lucas Duda was intentionally walked . Cuddyer , who had a go-ahead double in the fifth	True
Mets starter Jonathon Niese went seven innings in his second consecutive encouraging performance . He got 15 outs on the ground after entering 0 - 4 with a 7.96 ERA in his last five games . The left-hander retired 12 in a row before substitute third baseman Eric Campbell committed a two - out error in the sixth	True
The left-hander retired 12 in a row before substitute third baseman Eric Campbell committed a two - out error in the sixth . Brandon Crawford followed with his ninth homer , a long drive into the Giants ' bullpen in right-center that gave San Francisco a 4 - 3 lead . Hunter Strickland gave up three straight Mets hits to the start the seventh	True
Hunter Strickland gave up three straight Mets hits to the start the seventh , including a leadoff double by pinch-hitter Darrell Ceciliani and Granderson 's tying single . Tim Lincecum held the Mets hitless until Travis d'Arnaud blooped an RBI double with two outs in the fourth	True
Hunter Strickland gave up three straight Mets hits to the start the seventh , including a leadoff double by pinch-hitter Darrell Ceciliani and Granderson 's tying single . Tim Lincecum held the Mets hitless until Travis d'Arnaud blooped an RBI double with two outs in the fourth . Niese opened the fifth	True
Puig missed more than a month with a strained left hamstring that has resulted in him running the bases more carefully . Daniel Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) issued consecutive one - out walks to Puig and Adrian Gonzalez in the ninth	True
Yasmani Grandal had a solo homer for the Dodgers , who have defeated the Diamondbacks nine straight times at home . The latest win gave Los Angeles three consecutive home series sweeps over Arizona dating to last year . Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) blew a save chance for the first time this season , giving up A. J. Pollock 's career high-tying eighth homer leading off the ninth	True
Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) blew a save chance for the first time this season , giving up A. J. Pollock 's career high-tying eighth homer leading off the ninth . Los Angeles ' four - run lead was cut to 5 - 4 on consecutive homers by Paul Goldschmidt , whose two - run shot was his 100th career homer , and Yasmany Tomas in the fifth	True
Los Angeles ' four - run lead was cut to 5 - 4 on consecutive homers by Paul Goldschmidt , whose two - run shot was his 100th career homer , and Yasmany Tomas in the fifth off starter Brett Anderson . The Diamondbacks have lost four in a row , and seven of their last nine on the road . Kike Hernandez 's sacrifice fly extended the Dodgers ' lead to 6 - 4 in the sixth	True
Los Angeles ' four - run lead was cut to 5 - 4 on consecutive homers by Paul Goldschmidt , whose two - run shot was his 100th career homer , and Yasmany Tomas in the fifth off starter Brett Anderson . The Diamondbacks have lost four in a row , and seven of their last nine on the road . Kike Hernandez 's sacrifice fly extended the Dodgers ' lead to 6 - 4 in the sixth . Chris Owings hit a sacrifice fly for Arizona in the seventh	True
Kike Hernandez 's sacrifice fly extended the Dodgers ' lead to 6 - 4 in the sixth . Chris Owings hit a sacrifice fly for Arizona in the seventh . Puig homered in the second	True
Puig homered in the second on the first pitch from starter Jeremy Hellickson , giving Los Angeles a 4 - 1 lead . Grandal hit a high-arcing homer in the third	True
Grandal hit a high-arcing homer in the third that a fan in the front row of the right-field pavilion caught one - handed , extending the cushion to 5 - 1 . The Dodgers backed Anderson with some solid defensive plays . Rookie center fielder Joc Pederson got his glove over the wall to rob Tomas of a homer with two runners on in the third	True
Grandal hit a high-arcing homer in the third that a fan in the front row of the right-field pavilion caught one - handed , extending the cushion to 5 - 1 . The Dodgers backed Anderson with some solid defensive plays . Rookie center fielder Joc Pederson got his glove over the wall to rob Tomas of a homer with two runners on in the third . Third baseman Alberto Callaspo backhanded a liner for the final out of the fourth	True
Martinez pitched efficiently into the seventh inning for a fifth straight start and Randal Grichuk hit a solo homer , helping the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 2 on Wednesday to avoid a series sweep . Martinez ( 7 - 2 ) had a shutout until Ben Paulsen 's two - run homer in the seventh	True
`` Just felt a little rushed through my delivery throughout the whole game , '' Bettis explained . `` Other than that , just got to keep the ball down . '' Paulsen entered as a defensive replacement in the seventh	True
`` Just felt a little rushed through my delivery throughout the whole game , '' Bettis explained . `` Other than that , just got to keep the ball down . '' Paulsen entered as a defensive replacement in the seventh for left fielder Brandon Barnes , who appeared to hurt a leg on a slide into second	False
Paulsen entered as a defensive replacement in the seventh for left fielder Brandon Barnes , who appeared to hurt a leg on a slide into second . Paulsen knew a changeup was coming -- he had seen a steady diet of them -- and hit it into the left-center seats to make it a 3 - 2 game . Grichuk gave the Cardinals a little more cushion with a solo shot in the eighth	True
Grichuk gave the Cardinals a little more cushion with a solo shot in the eighth . Kevin Siegrist pitched 1 2/3 innings and struck out four , including the side in the eighth	True
Grichuk gave the Cardinals a little more cushion with a solo shot in the eighth . Kevin Siegrist pitched 1 2/3 innings and struck out four , including the side in the eighth . Trevor Rosenthal threw a perfect ninth	True
Kevin Siegrist pitched 1 2/3 innings and struck out four , including the side in the eighth . Trevor Rosenthal threw a perfect ninth for his NL-leading 20th save in 21 chances . Colorado was trying for its first sweep of the Cardinals since July 2010 but could n't solve Martinez as he pitched his way out of jams . Colorado hit into inning-ending double plays in the fifth	True
Colorado was trying for its first sweep of the Cardinals since July 2010 but could n't solve Martinez as he pitched his way out of jams . Colorado hit into inning-ending double plays in the fifth and sixth innings . Martinez received some nifty glove work from second baseman Kolten Wong in the first	True
Colorado was trying for its first sweep of the Cardinals since July 2010 but could n't solve Martinez as he pitched his way out of jams . Colorado hit into inning-ending double plays in the fifth and sixth innings . Martinez received some nifty glove work from second baseman Kolten Wong in the first with two outs and DJ LeMahieu on third	False
Vargas threw six shutout innings and Kendrys Morales hit a long home run against his former team to push the Royals to a 3 - 1 victory over the Twins on Monday night . Vargas ( 5 - 2 ) gave up five hits and struck out two , Morales hit a two - run shot in the second inning and Eric Hosmer drove in another run in the eighth	True
Eddie Rosario had two hits , including a solo homer , for Minnesota . Yost moved past Dick Howser into second	False
They went through a 2 - 9 slide that ended with a victory over Texas on Sunday and came into Target Field to start a three - game series one game behind the division-leading Twins , and Yost followed the script that has been so successful . Vargas breezed through six innings , needing just 70 pitches to carve up the Twins , who only got one runner past second base . But with Vargas feeling a little fatigued , Yost still went to his lights-out bullpen to start the seventh	True
Vargas breezed through six innings , needing just 70 pitches to carve up the Twins , who only got one runner past second base . But with Vargas feeling a little fatigued , Yost still went to his lights-out bullpen to start the seventh , and Ryan Madson gave up a homer to Rosario to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Vargas took a line drive off the bat of Aaron Hicks to the midsection in the fifth inning , but he remained in the game and went another 1 1/3 innings after that play before giving way to Madson , who struck out Brian Dozier with two runners on to end the seventh	True
TORONTO -- Blue Jays pitcher Marco Estrada retired the Miami Marlins in order in the top of the first inning . Then he waited while the Toronto Blue Jays set 10 batters to the plate . Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak to 18 games with an RBI single during that six - run first	True
Kawasaki 's hit finished Hand . Andre Rienzo came on and got Jose Reyes to ground out . Rienzo pitched 4 1/3 innings . Donaldson made it 7 - 0 with a leadoff drive in the second	True
Kawasaki 's hit finished Hand . Andre Rienzo came on and got Jose Reyes to ground out . Rienzo pitched 4 1/3 innings . Donaldson made it 7 - 0 with a leadoff drive in the second , his 16th . He added a two - run single in the seventh	True
Boston entered with the third-worst total of runs scored in the AL . Steven Wright ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 3 1/3 innings of shutout relief for the win . Tommy Layne threw a perfect ninth	True
The Athletics finished a six - game road trip 3 - 3 after sweeping the Tigers . It would have been their first winning trip since last June . Graveman blanked Boston on five hits and took a 4 - 0 lead into the eighth	True
Clay Buchholz allowed four runs and 10 hits -- five doubles -- in 4 2/3 innings . The Athletics scored three times in the second	True
The Athletics scored three times in the second . Canha had an RBI double , Reddick scored on a wild pitch and Eric Sogard added a run-scoring single . The A 's made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Yankees came back to win after building big leads in the first two games of the series . They swept the Angels , losers of five in a row , in a series of at least three games for the first time since 2003 . Sabathia ( 3 - 7 ) gave up back-to-back homers to Mike Trout and Albert Pujols in the first inning but then breezed through a struggling Angles lineup the rest of the way , notching his 2,500th career strikeout in the fifth	True
Pujols ' homer was his 535th , breaking a tie with Jimmie Foxx for 17th place on the career list . Sabathia got Kole Calhoun to ground into a double play with runners on first	False
Pujols ' homer was his 535th , breaking a tie with Jimmie Foxx for 17th place on the career list . Sabathia got Kole Calhoun to ground into a double play with runners on first and second	False
Pujols ' homer was his 535th , breaking a tie with Jimmie Foxx for 17th place on the career list . Sabathia got Kole Calhoun to ground into a double play with runners on first and second to finish the sixth	True
Sabathia allowed five hits and two runs with a walk and seven strikeouts . Wilson , who entered with a 2.44 ERA in nine career games ( six starts ) at Yankee Stadium , worked neatly into the fifth	True
Wilson , who entered with a 2.44 ERA in nine career games ( six starts ) at Yankee Stadium , worked neatly into the fifth , allowing only Didi Gregorius ' RBI grounder . But Young led off the inning with his first homer since May 2 before Murphy and Gregorius singled . Gardner lined a shot to the short right-field porch for a 5 - 2 lead . Pirela homered off Wilson to start the seventh	True
Detroit finished with 18 hits after averaging 2.75 runs per game during their slide . Cabrera hit his 12th home run , and all nine starters contributed at least one hit . Price ( 5 - 2 ) struck out seven straight batters in the middle innings . He walked two in his 13th career complete game and second	False
John Danks ( 3 - 5 ) gave up five runs and 11 hits in 4 2/3 innings . The Tigers scored five times on seven hits in the fifth	True
Iglesias and J. D. Martinez added RBI doubles . Alexei Ramirez doubled in the third	True
Farrell is thankful to have Rodriguez in Boston 's struggling rotation and has no plans to send him back to Boston 's Triple-A team in Rhode Island . Rodriguez allowed just a solo homer by Brian Dozier in the third	True
Farrell is thankful to have Rodriguez in Boston 's struggling rotation and has no plans to send him back to Boston 's Triple-A team in Rhode Island . Rodriguez allowed just a solo homer by Brian Dozier in the third and an infield single by Danny Santana in the sixth	True
Farrell is thankful to have Rodriguez in Boston 's struggling rotation and has no plans to send him back to Boston 's Triple-A team in Rhode Island . Rodriguez allowed just a solo homer by Brian Dozier in the third and an infield single by Danny Santana in the sixth . Alexi Ogando gave up a two - run homer to Eduardo Escobar in the ninth	True
The game was a makeup for Monday night 's rainout . The Red Sox scored five runs in 4 1/3 innings against Phil Hughes ( 4 - 5 ) . Mike Napoli added a solo homer , his ninth	False
The game was a makeup for Monday night 's rainout . The Red Sox scored five runs in 4 1/3 innings against Phil Hughes ( 4 - 5 ) . Mike Napoli added a solo homer , his ninth of the season , in the seventh	True
After going 1 - 6 on a road trip , Boston got its second outstanding pitching performance against Minnesota . Clay Buchholz allowed three hits in eight innings in a 1 - 0 series-opening win Tuesday night . Rodriguez was dominant through five innings , facing two batters over the minimum . In that span , he struck out seven , walked one and allowed only Dozier 's 10th homer that tied it at 1 when it went just inside the left-field foul pole . He retired his last six batters after putting runners at first	False
After going 1 - 6 on a road trip , Boston got its second outstanding pitching performance against Minnesota . Clay Buchholz allowed three hits in eight innings in a 1 - 0 series-opening win Tuesday night . Rodriguez was dominant through five innings , facing two batters over the minimum . In that span , he struck out seven , walked one and allowed only Dozier 's 10th homer that tied it at 1 when it went just inside the left-field foul pole . He retired his last six batters after putting runners at first and second	False
After going 1 - 6 on a road trip , Boston got its second outstanding pitching performance against Minnesota . Clay Buchholz allowed three hits in eight innings in a 1 - 0 series-opening win Tuesday night . Rodriguez was dominant through five innings , facing two batters over the minimum . In that span , he struck out seven , walked one and allowed only Dozier 's 10th homer that tied it at 1 when it went just inside the left-field foul pole . He retired his last six batters after putting runners at first and second with no outs in the sixth	True
Cubs manager Joe Maddon said Lake was in the wrong , and the outfielder apologized for his behavior . Lake homered in the sixth	True
After Lake homered , he flipped his bat and was slow starting into his trot . As he started toward first base , pitcher Dan Haren glared at him from the mound . `` I knew after I crossed first	False
`` My wife -- every day she throws me out , '' he said . Haren ( 6 - 2 ) took a shutout into the sixth	True
Haren ( 6 - 2 ) took a shutout into the sixth but got only one out after the confrontation . He allowed three runs in 5 2 - 3 innings . Stanton , the major league leader in RBIs , hit his 17th home run off Jon Lester , and Baker followed with his second	False
Haren ( 6 - 2 ) took a shutout into the sixth but got only one out after the confrontation . He allowed three runs in 5 2 - 3 innings . Stanton , the major league leader in RBIs , hit his 17th home run off Jon Lester , and Baker followed with his second for a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Jason Vargas ( 4 - 2 ) made it stand up in his second start back from the disabled list . The left-hander used a pair of double plays to wiggle out of jams , and limited the streaking Indians to two runs on eight hits while striking out three without a walk . Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth	True
`` It was just a matter in that one inning , I did n't execute pitches , '' Kluber said . `` In the third inning , I just did n't quite get balls to where they needed to be and left them too far over the plate and they took advantage of them . '' The Indians , who had won three straight , pulled ahead 2 - 1 when Brandon Moss doubled home a run in the second inning and Mike Aviles added an RBI single in the third	True
That 's when Kansas City 's bats suddenly caught fire . The same bunch of hitters who managed just three runs or fewer in seven of their last eight games put up that many in one inning . Alcides Escobar started things off in the bottom of the third	True
Vargas did n't have the same kind of overpowering stuff , but the veteran pitched to contact and allowed one of the game 's best defenses to help him out . After allowing three hits to his first four batters in the third	True
Vargas did n't have the same kind of overpowering stuff , but the veteran pitched to contact and allowed one of the game 's best defenses to help him out . After allowing three hits to his first four batters in the third , Vargas got Ryan Raburn to ground into an inning-ending double play . Then in the fifth	True
After allowing three hits to his first four batters in the third , Vargas got Ryan Raburn to ground into an inning-ending double play . Then in the fifth , Vargas pitched around a rare error by center fielder Lorenzo Cain by getting Mike Aviles to ground into a double play . Ryan Madson also wiggled out of trouble in the seventh	True
`` To do it off of him , with what he 's accomplished in his career , was really special for me , '' Casali added . `` He even congratulated me afterwards ( in written and text messages ) . That was really cool . He 's a classy guy . '' Casali hit a two - run homer off Price ( 9 - 4 ) in the fourth inning and added a solo shot off the former Rays ace for a 5 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
`` To do it off of him , with what he 's accomplished in his career , was really special for me , '' Casali added . `` He even congratulated me afterwards ( in written and text messages ) . That was really cool . He 's a classy guy . '' Casali hit a two - run homer off Price ( 9 - 4 ) in the fourth inning and added a solo shot off the former Rays ace for a 5 - 1 lead in the sixth . He struck out with the bases loaded in the eighth	True
Jake Odorizzi ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits over six innings to improve to 2 - 1 since returning from a five - week stint on the disabled list . Yoenis Cespedes homered for the second straight night for the Tigers , who 've lost four of five to start a 10-game game road trip and dropped 13 1/2 games behind first-place Kansas City in the AL Central . The solo shot briefly tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
In his only other start against his former team , the hard-throwing left-hander pitched a complete game in defeat , losing 1 - 0 after allowing one hit in eight innings -- a triple that drove in an unearned run . A night after stopping a streak of 13 consecutive games scoring four or fewer runs , Tampa Bay did most of its damage against Price in two innings . Asdrubal Cabrera doubled and scored on Tim Beckham 's single in the second	True
In his only other start against his former team , the hard-throwing left-hander pitched a complete game in defeat , losing 1 - 0 after allowing one hit in eight innings -- a triple that drove in an unearned run . A night after stopping a streak of 13 consecutive games scoring four or fewer runs , Tampa Bay did most of its damage against Price in two innings . Asdrubal Cabrera doubled and scored on Tim Beckham 's single in the second , then doubled to drive in a run ahead of Casali 's two - run homer that made it 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Desperate for some offense , the Tampa Bay Rays got it from a catcher hitting .214 and batting ninth	False
Curt Casali homered twice , Nathan Karns took a one - hit shutout into the seventh inning and the Rays beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 Monday night . Casali 's first homer came on the first pitch of the third inning by Anibal Sanchez , who lost for the first time in nine starts since June 3 . Casali added a towering two - run homer off the B-ring catwalk , his fifth	False
Curt Casali homered twice , Nathan Karns took a one - hit shutout into the seventh inning and the Rays beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 Monday night . Casali 's first homer came on the first pitch of the third inning by Anibal Sanchez , who lost for the first time in nine starts since June 3 . Casali added a towering two - run homer off the B-ring catwalk , his fifth of the season , off Bruce Rondon in the eighth	True
Detroit lost for the seventh time in 10 games . Consecutive doubles by Steven Souza Jr. and Kevin Kiermaier made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Detroit lost for the seventh time in 10 games . Consecutive doubles by Steven Souza Jr. and Kevin Kiermaier made it 2 - 0 in the fourth , and Logan Forsythe had a two - out RBI single off Sanchez ( 10 - 8 ) in the fifth	True
Karns ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three hits and no walks in six - plus innings , winning six days after a 1 - 0 victory at Philadelphia in which he hit a home run . Yoenis Cespedes led off the seventh	True
Yoenis Cespedes led off the seventh with his 16th home run , Detroit 's second hit of the game , to pull the Tigers to 3 - 1 . Victor Martinez followed with a single to chase Karns . Cespedes drove in Detroit 's second run with a two - out single in the eighth	True
Cespedes drove in Detroit 's second run with a two - out single in the eighth , ending Jake McGee 's streak of 21 straight scoreless relief appearances . Brad Boxberger pitched the ninth	True
`` They 've got a good team . We just got them at the right time and we 're happy about it . '' Nola ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs and five hits in 7 2/3 innings in his second career start . The touted prospect also had an RBI single in Philadelphia 's three - run fourth	True
Addison Russell and Dexter Fowler homered off Nola , but the Cubs lost for the fourth time in five games . With the game out of hand , Cubs catcher David Ross pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chicago right-hander Jason Hammel was tagged for six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings in his second outing since he was hampered by left hamstring tightness in a loss to St. Louis on July 8 . He dropped to 0 - 3 with a 4.10 ERA in his last eight starts . Franco capped Philadelphia 's three - run first	True
Franco capped Philadelphia 's three - run first with a two - run drive to left for his first homer since June 23 . Fowler walked and scored on Kris Bryant 's sacrifice fly in the bottom half , and the Cubs added another run in the third	True
Fowler walked and scored on Kris Bryant 's sacrifice fly in the bottom half , and the Cubs added another run in the third on Fowler 's ninth homer . But the game quickly got out of hand from there . Brown hit a two - run triple in the fifth	True
Fowler walked and scored on Kris Bryant 's sacrifice fly in the bottom half , and the Cubs added another run in the third on Fowler 's ninth homer . But the game quickly got out of hand from there . Brown hit a two - run triple in the fifth and Howard added a two - run shot in the eighth	False
Trout drove an 0 - 2 pitch just above the yellow line atop the 18-foot wall in right field in the first inning , becoming the fastest player in Angels history to reach the 30-homer mark in a season . The reigning AL MVP did it in his 97th game , breaking the previous mark set 15 years ago by Troy Glaus ( 100 games ) . Trout then capped a five - run sixth	True
`` It 's still a little sore , but it 's fine , '' he added . Prince Fielder , who was hit by a pitch to open the fourth inning , advanced to second	False
Prince Fielder , who was hit by a pitch to open the fourth inning , advanced to second on Andrus ' hit before a two - out walk to Ryan Rua loaded the bases . Heaney , who had n't hit a batter 34 1/3 innings over his five previous starts this season , plunked No . 9 hitter Tomas Telis on the foot to force in a run that put the Rangers ahead 2 - 1 . The next batter was Delino DeShields , who lifted a pop fly into short left field . Shortstop Erick Aybar made an over-the-shoulder catch for the third	False
Prince Fielder , who was hit by a pitch to open the fourth inning , advanced to second on Andrus ' hit before a two - out walk to Ryan Rua loaded the bases . Heaney , who had n't hit a batter 34 1/3 innings over his five previous starts this season , plunked No . 9 hitter Tomas Telis on the foot to force in a run that put the Rangers ahead 2 - 1 . The next batter was Delino DeShields , who lifted a pop fly into short left field . Shortstop Erick Aybar made an over-the-shoulder catch for the third out , a split second	False
Quintana did just that , pitching a seven - hitter for his first career shutout and complete game and Jose Abreu homered off Corey Kluber , sending the Chicago White Sox to a 6 - 0 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Quintana ( 5 - 9 ) talked to manager Robin Ventura after the eighth	True
Following the game , Quintana stashed a souvenir ball from his milestone win into his bag . Abreu homered in the sixth	True
Following the game , Quintana stashed a souvenir ball from his milestone win into his bag . Abreu homered in the sixth off Kluber ( 5 - 11 ) and Melky Cabrera , batting .474 in his career against the defending Cy Young Award winner , hit a two - run double in the eighth	True
It 's been that kind of season for Kluber , who has pitched much better than his record shows . Alexei Ramirez added a two - run double in Chicago 's four - run eighth	True
Alexei Ramirez added a two - run double in Chicago 's four - run eighth and the slick shortstop had two defensive gems behind Quintana . Abreu 's 15th homer gave the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
With two outs , he connected on Kluber 's first pitch , hitting a towering shot over the wall in left-center . It was Abreu 's ninth career homer in 27 games against Cleveland . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third with an assist from Kluber . Ramirez led off with a single and stole second	False
Ramirez led off with a single and stole second , just beating catcher Yan Gomes ' one - skip throw . Ramirez moved up on a groundout and scored when Kluber unleashed a wild pitch . The Indians ran themselves out of a potential rally in the third	True
Ramirez led off with a single and stole second , just beating catcher Yan Gomes ' one - skip throw . Ramirez moved up on a groundout and scored when Kluber unleashed a wild pitch . The Indians ran themselves out of a potential rally in the third . With Jason Kipnis on first	False
Ramirez led off with a single and stole second , just beating catcher Yan Gomes ' one - skip throw . Ramirez moved up on a groundout and scored when Kluber unleashed a wild pitch . The Indians ran themselves out of a potential rally in the third . With Jason Kipnis on first and two outs , Michael Brantley hit an infield single to deep short . Kipnis , though , rounded second	False
The Indians ran themselves out of a potential rally in the third . With Jason Kipnis on first and two outs , Michael Brantley hit an infield single to deep short . Kipnis , though , rounded second too hard and was alertly caught off the bag by Ramirez , who threw behind Cleveland 's second baseman . Ramirez made another excellent play in the fifth	True
The Indians ran themselves out of a potential rally in the third . With Jason Kipnis on first and two outs , Michael Brantley hit an infield single to deep short . Kipnis , though , rounded second too hard and was alertly caught off the bag by Ramirez , who threw behind Cleveland 's second baseman . Ramirez made another excellent play in the fifth , ranging to his left to knock down Mike Aviles ' line drive . As he drifted toward the outfield , Ramirez scooped the ball with his glove between his legs to second	False
Seattle opened a key six - game homestand by getting production throughout its batting order and another solid performance from its staff ace . Trumbo 's opposite-field shot in the fourth	True
It is the first time Seattle has won consecutive games since June 30 and July 1 . Jose Bautista hit a solo homer in the sixth inning for Toronto , and the Blue Jays threatened in the seventh	True
Hernandez threw 22 pitches in the first inning -- 10 in one at-bat to Bautista -- but was efficient with his pitch count after that shaky start . Carson Smith pitched the ninth	True
Already minus four everyday players and right-hander Stephen Strasburg , Washington lost third baseman Yunel Escobar to an apparent left hand or wrist injury during his at-bat in the second inning . X-rays were negative , but Escobar will have further tests . Espinosa , who has been subbing for injured second baseman Anthony Rendon , moved to third base and Dan Uggla took over at second	False
Espinosa , who has been subbing for injured second baseman Anthony Rendon , moved to third base and Dan Uggla took over at second . Taylor has been filling in for injured center fielder Denard Span . Taylor was 1 for 21 on the homestand until he singled home Ian Desmond in the fourth	True
So was Taylor , who had just 39 big league at-bats before this season . After a wild pitch from Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 1 ) put runners on second	False
So was Taylor , who had just 39 big league at-bats before this season . After a wild pitch from Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 1 ) put runners on second and third	False
So was Taylor , who had just 39 big league at-bats before this season . After a wild pitch from Bobby Parnell ( 1 - 1 ) put runners on second and third in the eighth	True
Mets manager Terry Collins blamed himself for the defeat . Drew Storen struck out the side in the ninth	True
Mets manager Terry Collins blamed himself for the defeat . Drew Storen struck out the side in the ninth for his 29th save . Matt Thornton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the eighth	True
Zimmermann allowed seven hits and three runs in seven innings . He struck out six without a walk . Washington stranded 10 runners from the second	True
Angel Stadium set off a fireworks display when Street retired Trevor Plouffe on a grounder back to the mound to end Los Angeles ' 17th win in 20 games . The 31-year-old Street became the second-youngest closer to hit the milestone , behind former Angels closer Francisco Rodriguez . Street had n't earned a save since July 8 , but he allowed just one walk in the ninth	True
Johnny Giavotella had three hits and scored three runs for the Angels , who briefly trailed for the first time during their streak in the third inning -- but reclaimed the lead later in the inning . Not everything went well , however : Third baseman David Freese is out for at least two weeks after his right index finger was broken by an inside pitch in the fourth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 8 - 7 ) yielded six hits and two walks while persevering through five innings . Minnesota left seven runners on base in a frustrating three - inning stretch against Wilson , who got Eddie Rosario on a grounder to escape a bases-loaded jam with his 105th pitch in the fifth	True
Going up against Pirates ace Gerrit Cole , the Kansas City Royals played their game and won . Wade Davis ( 6 - 1 ) struck out Andrew McCutchen swinging to end the eighth	True
Wade Davis ( 6 - 1 ) struck out Andrew McCutchen swinging to end the eighth with two Pirates on base to pick up the victory . Greg Holland survived a shaky ninth	True
Pirates starter Gerrit Cole ( 13 - 4 ) , who leads the majors in victories , was charged with all three runs and five hits in 7 1/3 innings . With one out in the eighth	True
With one out in the eighth , Omar Infante reached on a fielding error charged to second baseman Neil Walker . Alex Rios ' single moved Infante to third	False
With one out in the eighth , Omar Infante reached on a fielding error charged to second baseman Neil Walker . Alex Rios ' single moved Infante to third and Rios took second	False
With one out in the eighth , Omar Infante reached on a fielding error charged to second baseman Neil Walker . Alex Rios ' single moved Infante to third and Rios took second on the throw to third	False
Alex Rios ' single moved Infante to third and Rios took second on the throw to third . Dyson followed with a sharp single to right , driving in Infante and Rios . When Gregory Polanco fumbled the ball , Dyson advanced to second	False
Alex Rios ' single moved Infante to third and Rios took second on the throw to third . Dyson followed with a sharp single to right , driving in Infante and Rios . When Gregory Polanco fumbled the ball , Dyson advanced to second , stole third	False
Royals starter Jason Vargas left in the second inning after throwing 26 pitches with pain in his left elbow and will undergo a MRI Wednesday to detect the extent of the injury . Vargas left after throwing a 2 - 1 pitch for a ball to Brent Morel with one out in the second	True
Vargas left after throwing a 2 - 1 pitch for a ball to Brent Morel with one out in the second . The Pirates had a run removed in the second	True
The Pirates had a run removed in the second , which began with a Starling Marte fly hitting high off the left-field wall and bouncing into the Royals ' bullpen . It was initially ruled a home run , but was overturned on a crew chief challenge and ruled a ground-rule double . MLB released a statement on the ruling , saying the replay `` definitely determined '' the ball struck below the top of the wall and bounced over . Marte was stranded at third	False
Heston took a no-hitter into the sixth inning before Melvin Upton Jr. hit a broken-bat blooper for a single over the outstretched glove of second baseman Joe Panik leading off the inning . Hector Sanchez hit an impressive grand slam for one of three Giants home runs in a 9 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Heston ( 10 - 5 ) , who no-hit the New York Mets on June 9 , allowed one hit and faced just two over the minimum in 7 1/3 innings . He received a standing ovation from the many Giants fans in the stands above the third-base dugout when he was pulled by Bochy after issuing a one - out walk in the seventh	True
Heston ( 10 - 5 ) , who no-hit the New York Mets on June 9 , allowed one hit and faced just two over the minimum in 7 1/3 innings . He received a standing ovation from the many Giants fans in the stands above the third-base dugout when he was pulled by Bochy after issuing a one - out walk in the seventh . He struck out six and walked two . Heston , who threw 116 pitches , and two relievers combined on a four - hitter . The Padres scored three unearned runs in the ninth	True
In 2013 , Bochy let Tim Lincecum throw 148 pitches in a no-hitter at San Diego . Lincecum also no-hit the Padres last year , in San Francisco . Otherwise , Heston shut down the Padres , ending their season-high , five - game winning streak under interim manager Pat Murphy . The 27-year-old right-hander did n't allow a baserunner until he hit Matt Kemp with a pitch with two outs in the fourth	True
In 2013 , Bochy let Tim Lincecum throw 148 pitches in a no-hitter at San Diego . Lincecum also no-hit the Padres last year , in San Francisco . Otherwise , Heston shut down the Padres , ending their season-high , five - game winning streak under interim manager Pat Murphy . The 27-year-old right-hander did n't allow a baserunner until he hit Matt Kemp with a pitch with two outs in the fourth . The pitch hit Kemp on the left arm and caromed off his right shoulder , knocking him to the ground . Kemp , who came in with a season-high , eight - game hitting streak , left the game after flying out in the seventh	True
Otherwise , Heston shut down the Padres , ending their season-high , five - game winning streak under interim manager Pat Murphy . The 27-year-old right-hander did n't allow a baserunner until he hit Matt Kemp with a pitch with two outs in the fourth . The pitch hit Kemp on the left arm and caromed off his right shoulder , knocking him to the ground . Kemp , who came in with a season-high , eight - game hitting streak , left the game after flying out in the seventh . Sanchez 's bat flip after his moonshot grand slam in the sixth angered the Padres . After Sanchez grounded out in the ninth	True
Sanchez 's grand slam gave San Francisco a 9 - 0 lead . Padres starter Odrisamer Despaigne allowed Hunter Pence 's infield single leading off the sixth	True
Sanchez 's grand slam gave San Francisco a 9 - 0 lead . Padres starter Odrisamer Despaigne allowed Hunter Pence 's infield single leading off the sixth and made way for Dale Thayer . Thayer struck out Brandon Belt before allowing a single to Brandon Crawford and a walk to Gregor Blanco before Sanchez drove a 93-mph fastball an estimated 428 feet into the seats . It was his second career slam and the sixth	False
Padres starter Odrisamer Despaigne allowed Hunter Pence 's infield single leading off the sixth and made way for Dale Thayer . Thayer struck out Brandon Belt before allowing a single to Brandon Crawford and a walk to Gregor Blanco before Sanchez drove a 93-mph fastball an estimated 428 feet into the seats . It was his second career slam and the sixth by the Giants this season . Pence hit a 434-foot home run that almost landed in the Giants ' bullpen beyond the fence in left-center leading off the second	True
Padres starter Odrisamer Despaigne allowed Hunter Pence 's infield single leading off the sixth and made way for Dale Thayer . Thayer struck out Brandon Belt before allowing a single to Brandon Crawford and a walk to Gregor Blanco before Sanchez drove a 93-mph fastball an estimated 428 feet into the seats . It was his second career slam and the sixth by the Giants this season . Pence hit a 434-foot home run that almost landed in the Giants ' bullpen beyond the fence in left-center leading off the second . It was his fifth	False
Pence hit a 434-foot home run that almost landed in the Giants ' bullpen beyond the fence in left-center leading off the second . It was his fifth . Another run scored on a double play . Crawford gave the Giants a 5 - 0 lead when he hit a three - run homer into the Jack Daniel 's party deck atop the right field wall with one out in the fourth	True
Pence hit a 434-foot home run that almost landed in the Giants ' bullpen beyond the fence in left-center leading off the second . It was his fifth . Another run scored on a double play . Crawford gave the Giants a 5 - 0 lead when he hit a three - run homer into the Jack Daniel 's party deck atop the right field wall with one out in the fourth . It was his 13th	False
PHOENIX -- Nick Ahmed tripled and scored . But the slick-fielding shortstop 's defense was equally crucial in Arizona 's 3 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Monday night . Ahmed bare-handed a ball and in one motion barely got a forceout at second	False
Phelps went 5 2/3 innings , giving up three runs on seven hits with four walks and three strikeouts . Phelps disputed the assessment he had pitched well . Miami loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth	True
Phelps went 5 2/3 innings , giving up three runs on seven hits with four walks and three strikeouts . Phelps disputed the assessment he had pitched well . Miami loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but closer Brad Ziegler got Dietrich to ground out to Ahmed for his 10th assist . Ziegler got the last five outs for his 15th save of the season and 13th	False
Miami loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but closer Brad Ziegler got Dietrich to ground out to Ahmed for his 10th assist . Ziegler got the last five outs for his 15th save of the season and 13th in a row . Ahmed led off the Arizona third	True
Miami loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth , but closer Brad Ziegler got Dietrich to ground out to Ahmed for his 10th assist . Ziegler got the last five outs for his 15th save of the season and 13th in a row . Ahmed led off the Arizona third with his second triple of the season , a shot to deep center . Phelps struck out De La Rosa and got Ender Inciarte to ground out to second	False
Ahmed led off the Arizona third with his second triple of the season , a shot to deep center . Phelps struck out De La Rosa and got Ender Inciarte to ground out to second before A. J. Pollock and Paul Goldschmidt walked to load the bases . On the next pitch , Peralta 's opposite-field single to left brought two runs home . De La Rosa escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first	True
Ahmed led off the Arizona third with his second triple of the season , a shot to deep center . Phelps struck out De La Rosa and got Ender Inciarte to ground out to second before A. J. Pollock and Paul Goldschmidt walked to load the bases . On the next pitch , Peralta 's opposite-field single to left brought two runs home . De La Rosa escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first , inducing Adeiny Hechavarria to hit into the first	True
De La Rosa escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first , inducing Adeiny Hechavarria to hit into the first of Arizona 's four double plays . In the sixth	True
De La Rosa escaped a bases-loaded jam in the first , inducing Adeiny Hechavarria to hit into the first of Arizona 's four double plays . In the sixth , the Diamondbacks loaded the bases and De La Rosa 's broken-bat blooper brought in a run . Ahmed , uncertain if the ball would be caught , was forced out at second	False
In the sixth , the Diamondbacks loaded the bases and De La Rosa 's broken-bat blooper brought in a run . Ahmed , uncertain if the ball would be caught , was forced out at second on a throw from right fielder Ichiro Suzuki . Leading off the seventh	True
CINCINNATI -- The Cleveland Indians had plenty of scoring chances . They cashed in on just enough to squeeze out a win . Yan Gomes drew a bases-loaded walk -- Cleveland 's fourth	False
Yan Gomes drew a bases-loaded walk -- Cleveland 's fourth of the game -- to drive in the tiebreaking run in the 11th inning and the Indians beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 3 on Sunday . Jason Kipnis added a sacrifice fly in the 11th	True
Jason Kipnis added a sacrifice fly in the 11th for Cleveland . Pedro Villareal ( 1 - 3 ) gave up singles to Mike Aviles , Michael Bourn and Brandon Moss to open the 11th	True
Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 3 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win , and Zach McAllister got the last two outs for his first career save . The Indians led 3 - 2 in the ninth	True
Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 3 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win , and Zach McAllister got the last two outs for his first career save . The Indians led 3 - 2 in the ninth , but Eugenio Suarez doubled off closer Cody Allen with two outs and scored on Jason Bourgeois 's single . The blown save was Allen 's second	False
The Indians led 3 - 2 in the ninth , but Eugenio Suarez doubled off closer Cody Allen with two outs and scored on Jason Bourgeois 's single . The blown save was Allen 's second in 21 opportunities . Allen also gave up Joey Votto 's RBI single in the eighth	True
Suarez tied it in the bottom of the inning with his fifth homer of the season . Bourn led off the fourth	True
Bourn led off the fourth with a single and was pushed around the bases by three more walks , giving Cleveland a 2 - 1 lead . The Indians extended their lead to 3 - 1 when Michael Brantley drew his second bases-loaded walk of the game in the sixth	True
Encarnacion 's 18th home run in the fourth inning off Chris Young ended the Blue Jays ' 27-inning scoring drought . Toronto led 3 - 2 in the ninth	True
Young ( 7 - 5 ) , working on three days ' rest , gave up three runs and five hits with two walks in six - plus innings . He left after giving up a single to Kevin Pillar to open the inning . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Young ( 7 - 5 ) , working on three days ' rest , gave up three runs and five hits with two walks in six - plus innings . He left after giving up a single to Kevin Pillar to open the inning . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first as Alcides Escobar doubled , moved to third	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first as Alcides Escobar doubled , moved to third on a sacrifice and scored on Kendrys Morales ' grounder . It gave Morales 10 RBI in his past 11 games , and 57 on the season . The Royals had Alex Rios at third	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first as Alcides Escobar doubled , moved to third on a sacrifice and scored on Kendrys Morales ' grounder . It gave Morales 10 RBI in his past 11 games , and 57 on the season . The Royals had Alex Rios at third and Omar Infante at second	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first as Alcides Escobar doubled , moved to third on a sacrifice and scored on Kendrys Morales ' grounder . It gave Morales 10 RBI in his past 11 games , and 57 on the season . The Royals had Alex Rios at third and Omar Infante at second with one out in the second	True
The Royals had Alex Rios at third and Omar Infante at second with one out in the second , but Buehrle held them there by striking out Drew Butera and getting Jarrod Dyson on a ground out . Encarnacion 's homer in the fourth gave the Blue Jays the lead for good , and Reyes had a run-scoring infield single in seventh	False
Encarnacion 's homer in the fourth gave the Blue Jays the lead for good , and Reyes had a run-scoring infield single in seventh to make it 3 - 1 . Rios led off the bottom of the seventh	False
Encarnacion 's homer in the fourth gave the Blue Jays the lead for good , and Reyes had a run-scoring infield single in seventh to make it 3 - 1 . Rios led off the bottom of the seventh with a double , moved to third	False
Lester 's winless streak reached 10 starts . The South Siders took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The South Siders took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI triple by rookie Tyler Saladino for his first major league hit and a run-scoring single by Jose Abreu . They broke open the game with three more in the seventh	True
The South Siders took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI triple by rookie Tyler Saladino for his first major league hit and a run-scoring single by Jose Abreu . They broke open the game with three more in the seventh against Lester ( 4 - 8 ) , making the most of Kris Bryant 's errant throw on Avisail Garcia 's grounder . The 11th error for the rookie third baseman put runners on second	False
The South Siders took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI triple by rookie Tyler Saladino for his first major league hit and a run-scoring single by Jose Abreu . They broke open the game with three more in the seventh against Lester ( 4 - 8 ) , making the most of Kris Bryant 's errant throw on Avisail Garcia 's grounder . The 11th error for the rookie third baseman put runners on second and third	False
Alexei Ramirez then singled in a run and Tyler Flowers had a two - run double for a 5 - 0 lead , more than enough support for Sale . The lanky left-hander gave up one run and six hits . He departed after Anthony Rizzo led off the eighth	True
As for Lester ? Lester , who took a no-hitter to the seventh	True
Lester , who took a no-hitter to the seventh against St. Louis on Monday , fell behind 2 - 0 three batters into the game . He gave up a double off the wall in left-center to Adam Eaton , Saladino 's triple and an RBI single by Abreu , who extended his hitting streak to 13 games . Lester retired 14 in a row before Melky Cabrera singled leading off the seventh	True
Lester , who took a no-hitter to the seventh against St. Louis on Monday , fell behind 2 - 0 three batters into the game . He gave up a double off the wall in left-center to Adam Eaton , Saladino 's triple and an RBI single by Abreu , who extended his hitting streak to 13 games . Lester retired 14 in a row before Melky Cabrera singled leading off the seventh . Bryant then overthrew first	False
The fifth homer for Solarte was just the second time in 45 games that San Diego won when trailing after eight innings . Solarte reached base four times and scored three runs . Former Texas reliever Joaquin Benoit ( 6 - 4 ) won despite allowing a run in the eighth	True
The fifth homer for Solarte was just the second time in 45 games that San Diego won when trailing after eight innings . Solarte reached base four times and scored three runs . Former Texas reliever Joaquin Benoit ( 6 - 4 ) won despite allowing a run in the eighth , and Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth	True
Mitch Moreland homered twice for the Rangers , who lost for the ninth time in 10 home games . The Padres , down 5 - 3 entering the ninth	True
Mitch Moreland homered twice for the Rangers , who lost for the ninth time in 10 home games . The Padres , down 5 - 3 entering the ninth , were on the verge of their fifth one - run loss in a span of seven games after pinch-runner Andrew Cashner was thrown out by Rangers left fielder Josh Hamilton trying to go to third	False
Three pitches later , Solarte pulled a fastball down the line a few rows into the seats as Texas right fielder Shin-Soo Choo watched helplessly at the wall . Elvis Andrus gave Texas a run to spare with a run-scoring double in the eighth	True
Three pitches later , Solarte pulled a fastball down the line a few rows into the seats as Texas right fielder Shin-Soo Choo watched helplessly at the wall . Elvis Andrus gave Texas a run to spare with a run-scoring double in the eighth , but Tolleson could n't hold it . He gave up five hits and three runs in two - thirds of an inning , getting replaced by Spencer Patton after Solarte 's homer was followed by a single from Matt Kemp , who had a two - run homer in the third	True
Tolleson took over as closer in May when Neftali Feliz was removed from that role after blowing three saves in nine chances . The closer for both of Texas ' World Series teams in 2010 - 11 , Feliz declined a minor league option Friday after getting designated for assignment and became a free agent . He agreed to terms with Detroit on Saturday . Moreland twice gave the Rangers leads with solo homers -- in the second	True
Shields remained winless in seven straight starts , but it was the first time in that span that San Diego won . He matched a season high with four walks -- the third time he 's had that many in the past five starts . Three came in the third	True
He matched a season high with four walks -- the third time he 's had that many in the past five starts . Three came in the third after Kemp had given him a 2 - 1 lead with his eighth homer . Walks to Odor and Delino DeShields around a double by Robinson Chirinos loaded the bases with no outs . After Choo tied the score on a double-play grounder to second	False
Walks to Odor and Delino DeShields around a double by Robinson Chirinos loaded the bases with no outs . After Choo tied the score on a double-play grounder to second , Prince Fielder beat the shift with an opposite-field single to left for a 3 - 2 lead . Kemp 's homer came after Colby Lewis hit Solarte with a pitch with two outs in the third	True
Walks to Odor and Delino DeShields around a double by Robinson Chirinos loaded the bases with no outs . After Choo tied the score on a double-play grounder to second , Prince Fielder beat the shift with an opposite-field single to left for a 3 - 2 lead . Kemp 's homer came after Colby Lewis hit Solarte with a pitch with two outs in the third . In the fifth	True
Walks to Odor and Delino DeShields around a double by Robinson Chirinos loaded the bases with no outs . After Choo tied the score on a double-play grounder to second , Prince Fielder beat the shift with an opposite-field single to left for a 3 - 2 lead . Kemp 's homer came after Colby Lewis hit Solarte with a pitch with two outs in the third . In the fifth , Justin Upton singled after consecutive two - out walks to Solarte and Kemp , scoring Solarte from second	False
Trout and Cron each homered twice , Hector Santiago survived a shaky start , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 3 on Friday night . Trout 's three - run homer in the third inning off Mike Montgomery ( 4 - 3 ) erased a 1 - 0 deficit . He opened the seventh	True
In his last 23 games since June 15 , Trout is batting .346 with eight home runs , 17 RBI and 19 runs scored . Cron , who was twice sent to the minors this season , opened the fourth	True
In his last 23 games since June 15 , Trout is batting .346 with eight home runs , 17 RBI and 19 runs scored . Cron , who was twice sent to the minors this season , opened the fourth with his fourth home run and then hit the first pitch from reliever Danny Farquhar for a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Cron , who was twice sent to the minors this season , opened the fourth with his fourth home run and then hit the first pitch from reliever Danny Farquhar for a two - run shot in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer for Seattle in the ninth	True
Montgomery , who had allowed just one run in 23 2/3 innings in his last three starts , was tagged for five runs and eight hits in five innings . Trout put the Angels up 3 - 1 in the third	True
Escobar 's two - out fourth inning single brought home Rios to make it 2 - 0 . Perez homered , his 15th	False
Escobar 's two - out fourth inning single brought home Rios to make it 2 - 0 . Perez homered , his 15th , in the eighth	True
Perez homered , his 15th , in the eighth off reliever Ryan Tepera . Duffy was in trouble only in the fourth	True
Duffy was in trouble only in the fourth when he walked Danny Valencia and Russell Martin singled to begin the inning , but Duffy retired the next three batters . After Duffy exited , Royals relievers Kelvin Herrera , Wade Davis and Greg Holland completed the shutout . Holland struck out the side in the ninth	True
Lawrie hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning on an 0 - 2 hanger from All-Star reliever Dellin Betances , sending the Oakland Athletics past the New York Yankees 4 - 3 Tuesday night for their seventh straight road win . Billy Butler launched a tying shot off Chasen Shreve in the sixth	True
Lawrie hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning on an 0 - 2 hanger from All-Star reliever Dellin Betances , sending the Oakland Athletics past the New York Yankees 4 - 3 Tuesday night for their seventh straight road win . Billy Butler launched a tying shot off Chasen Shreve in the sixth , and Tyler Clippard whiffed slugger Mark Teixeira with two on for the final out as the A 's improved to 1 - 6 in extra innings . They had been the only major league team without a win after the ninth	True
Sonny Gray threw seven gritty innings for the A 's in his return from an illness that sent him to the hospital and forced him to skip a start . One day after he was selected to his first All-Star team , the diminutive right-hander gave up two runs in the first	True
Lawrie pulled his drive just inside the left-field foul pole for his eighth home run . Betances ( 5 - 2 ) snapped his head and shouted into his glove after giving up home runs in consecutive outings for the first time in his career . Filling in for injured closer Andrew Miller , the right-hander served up a tying drive in the ninth	True
Gray made his first start since June 25 , putting him on 11 days ' rest . He was hospitalized for a couple of days last week due to gastroenteritis caused by a severe case of salmonella . Girardi had a quick hook for starter Nathan Eovaldi with a 3 - 2 lead and one out in the sixth	True
Brian McCann , Garrett Jones and Didi Gregorius had RBI singles for the Yankees . Reddick delivered a run-scoring single in the first	True
Zimmermann pitched seven solid innings , Wilson Ramos snapped a tie with a sixth-inning homer , and the Nationals beat the struggling Giants 3 - 1 on Sunday night , completing a three - game sweep . Ramos added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Zimmermann ( 7 - 5 ) has allowed one run over 22 2/3 innings in his last three starts . Drew Storen pitched the ninth	True
Reliever George Kontos ( 2 - 1 ) allowed Ramos ' homer . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead on Michael A. Taylor 's RBI single in the second	True
Vogt hit a splashdown homer into the Chase Field swimming pool and drove in three runs as the Athletics beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Saturday night . He broke a 2-all tie with a bloop single to left in the eighth	True
Fernando Rodriguez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two innings for the victory as the A 's won at Arizona for the first time since June 17 , 2008 . Drew Pomeranz struck out the side in the ninth	True
Drew Pomeranz struck out the side in the ninth for his third save as the Diamondbacks fell to 1 - 5 on their homestand . Andrew Chafin ( 5 - 1 ) pitched one - third	True
Arizona 's Ender Inciarte matched his career best by reaching base four times -- on three singles and a walk . He scored one run and drove in another . With one out in the eighth	True
With one out in the eighth , Oakland 's Mark Canha singled off the glove of second baseman Aaron Hill . The Diamondbacks intentionally walked Danny Valencia . With two outs , Vogt followed with a soft fly ball in front of charging left fielder David Peralta to bring Canha home . Valencia opened the Oakland second	True
Valencia opened the Oakland second with a double off the wall in left , missing a home run by about a foot . Vogt followed with a towering shot off Jhoulys Chacin that splashed into the pool in right to make it 2 - 0 . The Diamondbacks tied it in the fifth	True
Valencia opened the Oakland second with a double off the wall in left , missing a home run by about a foot . Vogt followed with a towering shot off Jhoulys Chacin that splashed into the pool in right to make it 2 - 0 . The Diamondbacks tied it in the fifth . Nick Ahmed , batting ninth -- behind Chacin -- led off with a double and scored on Inciarte 's third single . Inciarte advanced to third	False
Rangers left-hander Martin Perez ( 2 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits with no walks in 6 1/3 innings , throwing 63 strikes in his 84 pitches . Shawn Tolleson earned his 28th save in 30 attempts , stranding runners at first	False
Rangers left-hander Martin Perez ( 2 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits with no walks in 6 1/3 innings , throwing 63 strikes in his 84 pitches . Shawn Tolleson earned his 28th save in 30 attempts , stranding runners at first and third	False
Rangers left-hander Martin Perez ( 2 - 3 ) allowed three runs and seven hits with no walks in 6 1/3 innings , throwing 63 strikes in his 84 pitches . Shawn Tolleson earned his 28th save in 30 attempts , stranding runners at first and third in the ninth	True
An RBI double by Shin-Soo Choo and Adrian Beltre 's two - run homer in the third gave Texas a 3 - 0 lead . Perez sailed through the first four innings , retiring the first 11 batters , before Baltimore erased the three - run deficit in the fifth	True
Santana has a penchant for striking out , and swung wildly in his first at-bat against Iglesias for the 37th strikeout in 73 career at-bats . After grounding out in the fourth	True
Santana has a penchant for striking out , and swung wildly in his first at-bat against Iglesias for the 37th strikeout in 73 career at-bats . After grounding out in the fourth , Santana homered to right-center field to lead off the seventh	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Daniel Murphy 's offense and defense helped the New York Mets remain on a roll . Murphy hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the 13th inning after making a spectacular defensive play to end the 10th	True
Murphy hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the 13th inning after making a spectacular defensive play to end the 10th , leading New York to its seventh straight victory , 9 - 5 over the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday night . Reliever Carlos Torres led off the 13th	True
Murphy hit a go-ahead , two - run double in the 13th inning after making a spectacular defensive play to end the 10th , leading New York to its seventh straight victory , 9 - 5 over the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday night . Reliever Carlos Torres led off the 13th with a single to center , went to second	False
Murphy 's defense also shined . He sent the game to the 11th	True
The game took 4 hours , 32 minutes . Philadelphia had a chance to win it in the 12th	False
The game took 4 hours , 32 minutes . Philadelphia had a chance to win it in the 12th , but third baseman David Wright made an excellent defensive play on Andres Blanco 's chopper with two outs and Cesar Hernandez coming home from third	False
Five Mets relievers pitched seven scoreless innings . The Phillies scored five runs in the third	True
Francoeur 's two - run single and Ruf 's opposite-field shot off Jonathon Niese highlighted the inning . Niese entered 5 - 0 with a 1.61 ERA in his last seven games against the Phillies , but he got a no-decision after allowing five runs and five hits in six innings . But the Mets came back with two runs in the fourth	True
Francoeur 's two - run single and Ruf 's opposite-field shot off Jonathon Niese highlighted the inning . Niese entered 5 - 0 with a 1.61 ERA in his last seven games against the Phillies , but he got a no-decision after allowing five runs and five hits in six innings . But the Mets came back with two runs in the fourth on d'Arnaud 's opposite-field drive before tying the game in the fifth	False
Both benches and bullpens emptied , but the teams quickly went their respective ways without any pushing or shoving . His next time up , Gomez launched a three - run homer into the Yankees ' bullpen in right-center to cap a six - run seventh	True
This time , McCann was on the Yankees ' bench -- rested against a lefty starter . Gomez flipped his bat and held out his arms when he lined an RBI double during Houston 's five - run first inning against Ivan Nova ( 5 - 6 ) . The speedster slid headfirst into second	False
Keuchel yielded three hits in seven innings with nine strikeouts and no walks . He struck out 12 in a six - hit shutout at home against the Yankees on June 25 . New York scratched out a run in the ninth	True
Wacha ( 15 - 4 ) picked up his fourth straight win and added to his career-best win total by allowing just one run on four hits . He struck out three and walked two . The Cardinals scored four in the first	True
San Diego made two errors in the first inning and the Cardinals capitalized with three hits , including Piscotty 's two - run triple . Rea ( 2 - 1 ) struggled early and made a throwing error in the first	True
Rea ( 2 - 1 ) struggled early and made a throwing error in the first that contributed to the Cardinals ' rally . The 25-year-old Rea gave up five runs -- four earned -- over four innings . He struck out four and walked two . The Cardinals scored three runs in the seventh	True
The Cardinals scored three runs in the seventh against Odrisamer Despaigne . Heyward tripled home a run and Piscotty hit a solo shot to left . Piscotty , who had been hitless in 10 at-bats coming into the game , hit a two - run shot against Craig Kimbrel in the ninth	True
Piscotty , who had been hitless in 10 at-bats coming into the game , hit a two - run shot against Craig Kimbrel in the ninth for Piscotty 's first career multi-homer game . Matt Kemp singled home two runs in the ninth	True
Since 1962 , the Astros ' first season in Major League Baseball , the only team to throw more no-hitters is , coincidentally , the Dodgers . The Dodgers have been no-hit 18 times , tied with the Phillies for most in baseball . Fiers ( 1 - 0 ) needed little help from his defense until Jake Marisnick had to sprint to catch a long fly ball by Jimmy Rollins just in front of the bullpen in right field for the first	False
The Dodgers ' lead in the NL West fell to 1 1/2 games over the San Francisco Giants . The Astros lead the AL West by 3 1/2 games . Marisnick gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers ' lead in the NL West fell to 1 1/2 games over the San Francisco Giants . The Astros lead the AL West by 3 1/2 games . Marisnick gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead in the second with a two - run homer off the left-center facade . Evan Gattis hit a solo home run to left in the sixth	True
Brett Anderson ( 7 - 8 ) allowed three runs on seven hits with five strikeouts in six innings for Los Angeles . Fiers , 30 , allowed a walk in each of the first three innings but did n't allow a baserunner after walking Joc Pederson to start the third	True
Tomlin had his second straight impressive start since returning from shoulder surgery , Cody Allen worked out of his own jam in the ninth inning Thursday night and the Indians held on for a 3 - 2 victory over the New York Yankees . Tomlin ( 1 - 1 ) only allowed Alex Rodriguez 's 680th career home run leading off the fourth	True
Tomlin ( 1 - 1 ) only allowed Alex Rodriguez 's 680th career home run leading off the fourth and a double to Chase Headley in seven deliberate innings . The right-hander has been touched for just three runs and seven hits in 13 1/3 innings since coming back from his second major operation since 2012 . Allen took over in the ninth	True
Tomlin ( 1 - 1 ) only allowed Alex Rodriguez 's 680th career home run leading off the fourth and a double to Chase Headley in seven deliberate innings . The right-hander has been touched for just three runs and seven hits in 13 1/3 innings since coming back from his second major operation since 2012 . Allen took over in the ninth with the score 3 - 1 and gave up a leadoff single to A-Rod , who surprised most everyone in the ballpark and stole second	False
`` I ejected him for leaving his position to argue balls and strikes , '' Iassogna told a pool reporter . Carlos Beltran then singled in a run and rookie Greg Bird walked , with the crowd of 36,129 finally making some noise . But Headley grounded to first	False
`` I ejected him for leaving his position to argue balls and strikes , '' Iassogna told a pool reporter . Carlos Beltran then singled in a run and rookie Greg Bird walked , with the crowd of 36,129 finally making some noise . But Headley grounded to first for the second	True
Losers of four of five coming in , the Indians got help from their new-look outfield of converted infielders Ramirez and Chisenhall and newcomer Abraham Almonte . They took two of three from the AL East leaders last week in Cleveland , and won the opener of this four - game series . Almonte made a running , leaping catch at the wall in right-center in the sixth	True
Losers of four of five coming in , the Indians got help from their new-look outfield of converted infielders Ramirez and Chisenhall and newcomer Abraham Almonte . They took two of three from the AL East leaders last week in Cleveland , and won the opener of this four - game series . Almonte made a running , leaping catch at the wall in right-center in the sixth on a drive by Brett Gardner . Chisenhall made a diving catch of Carlos Beltran 's sinking liner to open the seventh	True
Almonte made a running , leaping catch at the wall in right-center in the sixth on a drive by Brett Gardner . Chisenhall made a diving catch of Carlos Beltran 's sinking liner to open the seventh . Working as slowly as Tomlin , Nova got in trouble twice because of walks . Chisenhall hit a hot shot to right-center to score Carlos Santana from first	False
Almonte made a running , leaping catch at the wall in right-center in the sixth on a drive by Brett Gardner . Chisenhall made a diving catch of Carlos Beltran 's sinking liner to open the seventh . Working as slowly as Tomlin , Nova got in trouble twice because of walks . Chisenhall hit a hot shot to right-center to score Carlos Santana from first in the second	True
Almonte made a running , leaping catch at the wall in right-center in the sixth on a drive by Brett Gardner . Chisenhall made a diving catch of Carlos Beltran 's sinking liner to open the seventh . Working as slowly as Tomlin , Nova got in trouble twice because of walks . Chisenhall hit a hot shot to right-center to score Carlos Santana from first in the second , and Ramirez drove in Almonte after the center fielder walked in the fourth	True
Outpitching Washington 's Max Scherzer , Flande ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits to help the Rockies avoid a series sweep . Ben Paulsen singled in the seventh	True
Ben Paulsen singled in the seventh to drive in the tiebreaking run and Jose Reyes added three hits , including an RBI double for the Rockies . Washington 's Michael A. Taylor connected for his 11th homer , a two - run drive in the seventh	True
Flande took a two - hitter into the seventh inning with a 2 - 0 lead before walking Zimmerman with two outs . Taylor followed by driving Flande 's first pitch into the seats beyond the wall in straightaway center . However , the Rockies regained the lead in the bottom of the seventh	True
Mitch Moreland and Elvis Andrus each had three RBI and hit homers that sandwiched Mike Napoli 's 446-foot blast to center off Joe Beimel . It was the eighth time in franchise history that batters hit three consecutive homers . Napoli 's homer was the 200th of his career . Seattle left-hander Mike Montgomery ( 4 - 6 ) allowed three runs and five base runners in the first	True
Mariners manager Lloyd McClendon said he was surprised by Holland 's effectiveness in his first major league start since April . Holland threw scoreless ball until Mark Trumbo hit his 15th homer of the season -- his sixth since joining Seattle -- in the fifth	True
Mariners manager Lloyd McClendon said he was surprised by Holland 's effectiveness in his first major league start since April . Holland threw scoreless ball until Mark Trumbo hit his 15th homer of the season -- his sixth since joining Seattle -- in the fifth . The Mariners loaded the bases on three straight singles in the sixth	True
Holland threw scoreless ball until Mark Trumbo hit his 15th homer of the season -- his sixth since joining Seattle -- in the fifth . The Mariners loaded the bases on three straight singles in the sixth but scored just one run . Rangers center fielder Delino DeShields , a converted infielder , made two standout defense plays behind Holland . DeShields made a running catch at the warning track to rob Nelson Cruz of an extra-base hit in the fourth inning . In the seventh	True
Gonzalez had three hits and his 10th-inning leadoff homer lifted the Astros to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays . The game was tied 2-all when Gonzalez connected off All-Star closer Brad Boxberger ( 4 - 9 ) , leading off the 13th	True
Luke Gregerson ( 6 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . The Rays led 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
Gonzalez drove in Houston 's first run with a double in the third inning . Kevin Kiermaier singled to center field to start the top of the seventh	True
Kevin Kiermaier singled to center field to start the top of the seventh and Casali followed with a bloop double . Grady Sizemore drew a walk with one out to load the bases before Evan Longoria grounded into a forceout that scored Kiermaier to put the Rays on top 2 - 1 . Jason Castro singled with one out in the third	True
Jason Castro singled with one out in the third and Jose Altuve reached on a bunt single . He was ruled out initially but the Astros challenged the call and it was overturned . Gonzalez followed with his double to left to score Castro and give Houston a 1 - 0 lead . Casali 's towering homer tied it at 1-all with one out in the fifth	True
Houston starter Scott Feldman yielded nine hits and two runs in seven innings . There was a scary moment when Correa tumbled over Carlos Gomez when the two both tried to catch Casali 's double in the seventh	True
The Dodgers are 113 - 54 in 167 combined starts by Greinke and Kershaw during their three seasons as teammates . The rest of the time , the club has gone 140 - 135 . Greinke is 45 - 14 with a 2.34 ERA in 84 starts since signing with the Dodgers as a free agent in December 2012 . Joc Pederson and Greinke homered back-to-back in the fourth	True
Reds rookie Anthony DeSclafani ( 7 - 8 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings and struck out six . The 25-year-old right-hander was 2 - 0 with a 2.60 ERA in his previous eight road starts following back-to-back losses in Atlanta and Pittsburgh on May 1 and 7 . He won his big league debut with the Marlins on May 14 , 2014 , a 13 - 3 win at Dodger Stadium . DeSclafani matched zeros with Greinke through four innings before the Reds scratched out a run on Billy Hamilton 's sacrifice fly . Marlon Byrd led off the fifth	True
But the NL West-leading Dodgers responded in the bottom half with their fourth set of back-to-back homers this season . Greinke 's drive to left-center landed in almost the exact same spot that Pederson 's 23rd did one pitch earlier . On Aug. 6 , Greinke took David Buchanan deep in a 10 - 8 victory at Philadelphia -- the same night that he surrendered a season-high six runs . Sunday 's homer was the sixth	False
The 26 hits matched a franchise record , set on Aug. 28 , 1980 , against the Angels . On Wednesday , Baltimore was no-hit by Seattle 's Hisashi Iwakuma . The Orioles got 10 hits in the fifth inning alone . Homers by Parra and Jones off Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 9 ) helped put Baltimore up 6 - 1 in the third	True
The Orioles got 10 hits in the fifth inning alone . Homers by Parra and Jones off Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 9 ) helped put Baltimore up 6 - 1 in the third , and a nine - run fifth erased any lingering suspense . The A 's ran through five pitchers before turning to first baseman Ike Davis , who took the mound for the second time this season . He allowed a single and a walk in a scoreless eighth	True
Graveman allowed six runs in 3 1/3 innings in his fifth consecutive losing decision . He was followed by Dan Otero , who yielded eight runs in 1 1/3 innings . Oakland trailed 6 - 2 before Baltimore sent 13 players to the plate in the fifth	True
Yovani Gallardo ( 9 - 9 ) gave up three runs in the first two innings but blanked the Rays over the next 3 1/3 for his second straight win . He allowed 11 hits and a walk and struck out one . Sam Freeman relieved Gallardo with one out and a runner at second base in the sixth	True
Beltre drove in two runs , and Strausborger was 3 for 4 . The Rays ' Kevin Kiermaier also was 3 for 4 , including a run-scoring double in the second	True
Tampa Bay had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on James Loney 's run-scoring single . Shin-Soo Choo 's double and Beltre 's sacrifice fly drove in Texas ' two runs in the first	True
Wallace hit a tiebreaking RBI single as the San Diego Padres took advantage of Colorado catcher Nick Hundley 's throwing error to score three runs in the ninth inning Saturday night and hand the Rockies their sixth straight loss , 7 - 5 . With the Padres trailing 5 - 4 in the ninth	True
Wallace hit a tiebreaking RBI single as the San Diego Padres took advantage of Colorado catcher Nick Hundley 's throwing error to score three runs in the ninth inning Saturday night and hand the Rockies their sixth straight loss , 7 - 5 . With the Padres trailing 5 - 4 in the ninth , Derek Norris greeted closer Tommy Kahnle ( 0 - 1 ) with a double and pinch-hitter Cory Spangenberg reached on an infield hit after a replay review showed he had beaten the throw to first	False
Wallace hit a tiebreaking RBI single as the San Diego Padres took advantage of Colorado catcher Nick Hundley 's throwing error to score three runs in the ninth inning Saturday night and hand the Rockies their sixth straight loss , 7 - 5 . With the Padres trailing 5 - 4 in the ninth , Derek Norris greeted closer Tommy Kahnle ( 0 - 1 ) with a double and pinch-hitter Cory Spangenberg reached on an infield hit after a replay review showed he had beaten the throw to first . Melvin Upton Jr. hit a dribbler in front of the plate that Hundley fielded but he overthrew the throw to first	False
Wallace hit a tiebreaking RBI single as the San Diego Padres took advantage of Colorado catcher Nick Hundley 's throwing error to score three runs in the ninth inning Saturday night and hand the Rockies their sixth straight loss , 7 - 5 . With the Padres trailing 5 - 4 in the ninth , Derek Norris greeted closer Tommy Kahnle ( 0 - 1 ) with a double and pinch-hitter Cory Spangenberg reached on an infield hit after a replay review showed he had beaten the throw to first . Melvin Upton Jr. hit a dribbler in front of the plate that Hundley fielded but he overthrew the throw to first , allowing Norris to score the tying run from third	False
Jon Gray , the Rockies ' first pick and third overall draft selection in 2013 , gave up consecutive singles and a sacrifice fly to Matt Kemp to start the game but shut down the Padres the rest of his five - inning , 69-pitch stint . The Rockies continue to have Gray , making his third career start , on an approximately 75-pitch limit . Gonzalez Germen relieved Gray to start the sixth	True
Gonzalez Germen relieved Gray to start the sixth and could n't protect a 3 - 1 lead . San Diego got an RBI single from Justin Upton and a go-ahead two - run double from Jedd Gyorko . The Rockies came back in their half of the sixth	True
The Rockies came back in their half of the sixth . After Andrew Cashner walked Carlos Gonzalez and allowed a single to Nolan Arenado , Marc Rzepczynski relieved and Ben Paulsen hit a sacrifice fly to even the score at 4-all . D. J. LeMahieu reached on an infield single that hit Arenado on the basepaths , resulting in an out , before LeMahieu stole second	False
The Rockies came back in their half of the sixth . After Andrew Cashner walked Carlos Gonzalez and allowed a single to Nolan Arenado , Marc Rzepczynski relieved and Ben Paulsen hit a sacrifice fly to even the score at 4-all . D. J. LeMahieu reached on an infield single that hit Arenado on the basepaths , resulting in an out , before LeMahieu stole second and went to third	False
Segura dashed home on a rare two - base sacrifice fly and Wily Peralta pitched seven scoreless innings to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 3 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Segura 's scramble came after center fielder Odubel Herrera and right fielder Domonic Brown collided in the third inning . According to STATS , it was the first time a player had scored from second	False
Segura 's scramble came after center fielder Odubel Herrera and right fielder Domonic Brown collided in the third inning . According to STATS , it was the first time a player had scored from second this season on a sacrifice fly and the first time a Brewer had made such a play since Fernando Vina did it on Aug. 24 , 1997 . Peralta ( 3 - 7 ) had his best start this year , and Francisco Rodriguez picked up his 27th save in 27 tries this season despite Chase Utley 's RBI single . Khris Davis added a solo home run for the Brewers in the second	True
Schwarber , Dexter Fowler and Anthony Rizzo each homered in the fifth inning as Chicago won for the 13th time in 14 games . The Cubs ' winning streak is their longest since 2011 . Schwarber later connected in the seventh	True
Lester ( 8 - 8 ) struck out 10 in six innings . He gave up two runs and seven hits . Lester did n't go at least seven innings for the first time since June 25 and his struggle with holding baserunners was exploited . He allowed five stolen bases -- including four in the third	True
Lester did n't go at least seven innings for the first time since June 25 and his struggle with holding baserunners was exploited . He allowed five stolen bases -- including four in the third . The left-hander was charged with an error when his pickoff throw in the third sailed past Rizzo at first base , letting Jean Segura advance . Segura stole third	False
The left-hander was charged with an error when his pickoff throw in the third sailed past Rizzo at first base , letting Jean Segura advance . Segura stole third with Lester holding the ball and scored on Ryan Braun infield 's single . Lester stressed he would continue to work on his throws to first	False
Lester stressed he would continue to work on his throws to first , and that he would n't give up on it with two months left in the season . Tied at 1 in the fifth	True
The Braves , who have lost 20 of 29 since July 8 , nearly scored in the first inning on Nick Markakis ' double . Cameron Maybin , aboard on a single , was out at the plate on a relay throw by second baseman Logan Forsythe . After consecutive singles by Adonis Garcia and Andrelton Simmons in the second	True
The Braves , who have lost 20 of 29 since July 8 , nearly scored in the first inning on Nick Markakis ' double . Cameron Maybin , aboard on a single , was out at the plate on a relay throw by second baseman Logan Forsythe . After consecutive singles by Adonis Garcia and Andrelton Simmons in the second , Ramirez retired 16 straight before Garcia bounced a single up the middle leading off the eighth	True
Madison Bumgarner 's breaking ball shut down the Astros as he picked up his sixth complete game over the past two seasons . Belt 's homers , in the fourth	True
Madison Bumgarner 's breaking ball shut down the Astros as he picked up his sixth complete game over the past two seasons . Belt 's homers , in the fourth and sixth innings , gave him 17 this season to match his career high also done in 2013 . It was his third career multihomer game and second	False
Belt 's homers , in the fourth and sixth innings , gave him 17 this season to match his career high also done in 2013 . It was his third career multihomer game and second this year for the defending champion Giants , who bounced back at home after being swept by the Cubs in four games over the weekend at Wrigley Field . Bumgarner ( 13 - 6 ) outpitched fellow southpaw Scott Kazmir ( 6 - 7 ) in an anticipated interleague matchup of top lefties for the World Series MVP 's eighth career complete game and second	False
Kazmir , who had allowed only one earned run for a 0.44 ERA in three starts since joining his hometown Astros in a July 23 trade from Oakland , committed two throwing errors while losing his second straight start . Bumgarner posted his 23rd career double-digit strikeout game and fourth	False
Kazmir , who had allowed only one earned run for a 0.44 ERA in three starts since joining his hometown Astros in a July 23 trade from Oakland , committed two throwing errors while losing his second straight start . Bumgarner posted his 23rd career double-digit strikeout game and fourth this season . He surrendered a triple to Evan Gattis in the seventh	True
The Mets wasted three - run leads in two straight losses to Tampa Bay last weekend , then went ahead against Colorado on Travis d'Arnaud 's first homer since June 20 . It was the only hit for the NL East leaders off Gray , the hard-throwing right-hander making his second major league start . But Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
But Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - run shot in the fourth off Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 9 ) , reaching to the outside corner and sending a drive the opposite way to left-center with DJ LeMahieu aboard . It was Gonzalez 's 13th long ball since the All-Star break . The Mets loaded the bases against Justin Miller ( 1 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Niese gave up six hits and two runs without walking a batter in seven innings . It was the 11th time in 12 starts that he went at least six innings . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect eighth	True
Niese gave up six hits and two runs without walking a batter in seven innings . It was the 11th time in 12 starts that he went at least six innings . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect eighth and Jeurys Familia notched his 31st save with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- His new teammates can only shake their heads . Danny Valencia , acquired off waivers a week ago , continues to impress . Valencia homered in the fourth inning and singled in the winning run in the bottom of a wild ninth	True
Valencia homered in the fourth inning and singled in the winning run in the bottom of a wild ninth to lift the Oakland Athletics past the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Sunday . Josh Reddick had two hits and drove in two runs , including the tying run in the ninth	True
Valencia homered in the fourth inning and singled in the winning run in the bottom of a wild ninth to lift the Oakland Athletics past the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Sunday . Josh Reddick had two hits and drove in two runs , including the tying run in the ninth , for the A 's , who won their third straight and sixth	False
Valencia and the A 's open a three - game series in Toronto on Tuesday . Colby Rasmus hit a three - run homer in the top of the ninth	True
Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss with his fifth blown save in 27 chances . Valencia put the A 's ahead in the fourth	True
Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss with his fifth blown save in 27 chances . Valencia put the A 's ahead in the fourth with his ninth home run , second	False
Valencia put the A 's ahead in the fourth with his ninth home run , second with the A 's . Jose Altuve , who has a 20-game hitting streak in Oakland , scored from first	False
Valencia put the A 's ahead in the fourth with his ninth home run , second with the A 's . Jose Altuve , who has a 20-game hitting streak in Oakland , scored from first on Carlos Correa 's double in the sixth	True
Morgan ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs , one earned , and six hits , with a walk and four strikeouts . Ken Giles pitched the ninth	True
The Phillies have been nothing like their normal selves of the first half . After setting a franchise-record with 62 losses before the All-Star break , Philadelphia is sizzling . Jedd Gyroko drove in Justin Upton with a single to pull within 3 - 2 in the sixth	True
The Phillies have been nothing like their normal selves of the first half . After setting a franchise-record with 62 losses before the All-Star break , Philadelphia is sizzling . Jedd Gyroko drove in Justin Upton with a single to pull within 3 - 2 in the sixth . Upton reached second	False
Jedd Gyroko drove in Justin Upton with a single to pull within 3 - 2 in the sixth . Upton reached second on a two - out single and advanced on Herrera 's error . The Padres cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the fourth	False
Jedd Gyroko drove in Justin Upton with a single to pull within 3 - 2 in the sixth . Upton reached second on a two - out single and advanced on Herrera 's error . The Padres cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the fourth . Yangervis Solarte opened with a single , took second	False
The Padres cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the fourth . Yangervis Solarte opened with a single , took second on Derek Norris ' hit and scored on Matt Kemp 's single . When Herrera bobbled the ball in center , Norris was thrown out trying to advance to third	False
When Herrera bobbled the ball in center , Norris was thrown out trying to advance to third . Upton walked , but Morgan retired Gyorko and Yonder Alonso to limit the damage . Philadelphia extended its lead to 3 - 0 in the third	True
When Herrera bobbled the ball in center , Norris was thrown out trying to advance to third . Upton walked , but Morgan retired Gyorko and Yonder Alonso to limit the damage . Philadelphia extended its lead to 3 - 0 in the third on Herrera 's second RBI . He drove in Cesar Hernandez with a single , after Hernandez singled and stole second	False
The Phillies scored twice in the first inning , thanks in part to their aggressive base running . Chase Utley opened with a double , took third	False
Chase Utley opened with a double , took third on a ground out and came in on Herrera 's single . Herrera stole second	False
Chase Utley opened with a double , took third on a ground out and came in on Herrera 's single . Herrera stole second and advanced to third	False
Bryant drove in three runs , Russell had an RBI single in Chicago 's three - run eighth inning , and the surging Cubs beat the San Francisco Giants 8 - 6 on Saturday . Bryant 's big day powered Chicago to its third straight win and ninth	False
Bryant drove in three runs , Russell had an RBI single in Chicago 's three - run eighth inning , and the surging Cubs beat the San Francisco Giants 8 - 6 on Saturday . Bryant 's big day powered Chicago to its third straight win and ninth in 10 games . He also walked and scored on Miguel Montero 's tiebreaking single in the fifth	True
Bryant 's big day powered Chicago to its third straight win and ninth in 10 games . He also walked and scored on Miguel Montero 's tiebreaking single in the fifth as the Cubs opened a 2 1/2-game lead over San Francisco in the chase for the second NL wild card . Bryant 's two - run shot off Matt Cain ( 2 - 3 ) in the third	True
Bryant 's big day powered Chicago to its third straight win and ninth in 10 games . He also walked and scored on Miguel Montero 's tiebreaking single in the fifth as the Cubs opened a 2 1/2-game lead over San Francisco in the chase for the second NL wild card . Bryant 's two - run shot off Matt Cain ( 2 - 3 ) in the third was the rookie 's first homer since July 27 against Colorado . The All-Star slugger also drove in Chicago 's first run when he beat out a potential double-play grounder in the first	True
Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer for the Giants , who have dropped three in a row and five of seven . Hunter Pence had two hits and scored twice . Angel Pagan and Nori Aoki each had a run-scoring single in San Francisco 's three - run ninth	True
Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer for the Giants , who have dropped three in a row and five of seven . Hunter Pence had two hits and scored twice . Angel Pagan and Nori Aoki each had a run-scoring single in San Francisco 's three - run ninth before Justin Grimm came in with a runner on first	False
SEATTLE -- Shawn Tolleson gave the Texas Rangers a chance in the 11th inning by pitching out of trouble in the 10th	True
Texas scored eight times in the 11th inning , including a two - run homer by Prince Fielder , to pull away from the Seattle Mariners for an 11 - 3 victory Saturday . The offensive outburst came after the Mariners wasted a chance to win in the 10th	True
Texas has won five of six and snapped a six - game losing streak against the Mariners . The Rangers scored three times in the fourth	True
The Rangers scored three times in the fourth on a run-scoring double by Fielder , an RBI single by Hamilton and a bases-loaded walk to Chris Gimenez . Seattle starter Mike Montgomery got out of the inning but was replaced by David Rollins in the fifth	True
Rangers starter Martin Perez gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in six innings . Mike Napoli started at first base for the Rangers , a day after Texas reacquired him in a trade with the Red Sox . Napoli was 0 for 2 with a walk before being replaced by pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland in the eighth	True
Mike Napoli started at first base for the Rangers , a day after Texas reacquired him in a trade with the Red Sox . Napoli was 0 for 2 with a walk before being replaced by pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland in the eighth . Texas lost a run after a replay review in the third	True
Mike Napoli started at first base for the Rangers , a day after Texas reacquired him in a trade with the Red Sox . Napoli was 0 for 2 with a walk before being replaced by pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland in the eighth . Texas lost a run after a replay review in the third . With Gimenez on second	False
Mike Napoli started at first base for the Rangers , a day after Texas reacquired him in a trade with the Red Sox . Napoli was 0 for 2 with a walk before being replaced by pinch-hitter Mitch Moreland in the eighth . Texas lost a run after a replay review in the third . With Gimenez on second and two outs , Delino DeShields hit a grounder up the middle . Cano 's throw from behind second base was too late to get DeShields at first	False
Pittsburgh remained three games ahead of the Chicago Cubs in the NL wild card standings . Los Angeles stayed three games in front of the San Francisco Giants in the NL West . Antonio Bastardo ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Kershaw had not allowed a run since July 5 , against the New York Mets . The major league record is 59 innings , set by Orel Hershiser in 1988 with the Dodgers . Polanco homered to lead off the bottom of the first	True
The Pirates went ahead 4 - 3 with a two - run fifth inning . McCutchen hit an RBI double and scored on Ramirez 's single . Rollins put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
Rollins put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 2 in the fifth with a one - out RBI single . The Pirates pulled into a 2 - 2 tie in the fourth	True
Rollins put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 2 in the fifth with a one - out RBI single . The Pirates pulled into a 2 - 2 tie in the fourth when Chris Stewart drew a bases-loaded walk from Kershaw with two outs after the Dodgers had gone ahead on Kendrick 's single in the third	True
Bautista connected off Branden Pinder ( 0 - 1 ) to pull the new-look Blue Jays within 3 1 - 2 games of the AL East-leading Yankees . The first	True
But R. A. Dickey and Nathan Eovaldi settled in and set down these powerful lineups with two very different styles . Dickey was the second soft-tossing knuckleballer the Yankees faced in three games . Eovaldi has one of the highest fastball averages for starters in the majors . Eovaldi was dominant through six innings , Dickey for seven . Brett Cecil ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a single in the ninth	True
But R. A. Dickey and Nathan Eovaldi settled in and set down these powerful lineups with two very different styles . Dickey was the second soft-tossing knuckleballer the Yankees faced in three games . Eovaldi has one of the highest fastball averages for starters in the majors . Eovaldi was dominant through six innings , Dickey for seven . Brett Cecil ( 3 - 4 ) gave up a single in the ninth for the win . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect 10th	True
After 3 minutes , 56 seconds , the call was overturned and Teixeira , had his 30th -- the ninth season he reached that plateau . Teixeira 's homer gave New York 147 , their total for all last season . It 's also two fewer than Toronto , who is second	False
Toronto is 4 games behind first-place New York in the AL East going into a three - game series at Yankee Stadium that begins Friday night . The teams play 13 times before the end of the season . Encarnacion hit an RBI double in the first	True
Toronto is 4 games behind first-place New York in the AL East going into a three - game series at Yankee Stadium that begins Friday night . The teams play 13 times before the end of the season . Encarnacion hit an RBI double in the first , homered in the third	True
Toronto is 4 games behind first-place New York in the AL East going into a three - game series at Yankee Stadium that begins Friday night . The teams play 13 times before the end of the season . Encarnacion hit an RBI double in the first , homered in the third , walked and scored in the fifth	True
Toronto is 4 games behind first-place New York in the AL East going into a three - game series at Yankee Stadium that begins Friday night . The teams play 13 times before the end of the season . Encarnacion hit an RBI double in the first , homered in the third , walked and scored in the fifth and doubled home a run in the sixth	False
Now 54 - 54 , the Twins are at .500 for the first time since May 2 , when they were 12 - 12 . Already leading on Encarnacion 's first double , Toronto made it 2 - 0 with three straight singles off Kyle Gibson in the third	True
Already leading on Encarnacion 's first double , Toronto made it 2 - 0 with three straight singles off Kyle Gibson in the third , including Josh Donaldson 's RBI hit . After Jose Bautista grounded into a double play , Encarnacion hit a first-pitch homer , his 21st . After Bautista made it 5 - 2 with an RBI double in the fifth	True
CHICAGO -- Avisail Garcia got the Chicago White Sox started -- and finished off the Tampa Bay Rays , too . Garcia hit a three - run homer in Chicago 's five - run first inning and had a bases-loaded walk in the 10th	True
Garcia drew the winning walk off closer Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 6 ) to end Chicago 's three - game losing streak . In the 10th	True
Garcia drew the winning walk off closer Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 6 ) to end Chicago 's three - game losing streak . In the 10th , Adam Eaton singled and stole second base and advanced to third	False
Chicago closer David Robertson ( 5 - 3 ) had four strikeouts in two hitless innings . After falling behind 5 - 0 in the first	True
After falling behind 5 - 0 in the first , the Rays tied it in the eighth inning , scoring their fifth two - out run of the game . Brandon Guyer had an RBI double off reliever Zach Duke . Cabrera , who had four hits , got the Rays to 5 - 4 in the fifth	True
Polanco led off the bottom of the first inning with his fifth home run to open the scoring . It came off Dan Haren , who was making his Cubs ' debut . Polanco then hit an RBI single to break a 4 - 4 tie in a decisive two - run sixth inning . McCutchen hit a solo homer , his 16th , in the third	True
Polanco led off the bottom of the first inning with his fifth home run to open the scoring . It came off Dan Haren , who was making his Cubs ' debut . Polanco then hit an RBI single to break a 4 - 4 tie in a decisive two - run sixth inning . McCutchen hit a solo homer , his 16th , in the third and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Pittsburgh leads the NL wild-card race by a 3 1/2 games over the San Francisco Giants The Cubs had tied it at 4 in the top of the sixth	True
Pittsburgh leads the NL wild-card race by a 3 1/2 games over the San Francisco Giants The Cubs had tied it at 4 in the top of the sixth when rookie Kyle Schwarber hit a two - run home run , his fifth	False
Schwarber also doubled and Rizzo extended his hitting streak to seven games . The Cubs dropped to four games behind the Pirates in the wild card standings and host the Giants in a four - game series beginning Thursday night . The Pirates added an insurance run in the eighth	True
The Pirates added an insurance run in the eighth when Cervelli tripled and scored on Sean Rodriguez 's single . The Cubs got within two runs in the ninth	False
The Pirates added an insurance run in the eighth when Cervelli tripled and scored on Sean Rodriguez 's single . The Cubs got within two runs in the ninth on Addison Russell 's run-scoring ground out , but Pirates closer Mark Melancon notched his 34th save in 35 tries by striking out Dexter Fowler with a runner on second	False
The Cubs got within two runs in the ninth on Addison Russell 's run-scoring ground out , but Pirates closer Mark Melancon notched his 34th save in 35 tries by striking out Dexter Fowler with a runner on second for the final out . Antonio Bastardo ( 3 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced for the win , getting Chris Coghlan to ground out with the bases loaded to end the sixth	True
Nelson scattered three hits over 6 2/3 solid innings , Khris Davis drove in two runs and the Milwaukee Brewers snapped a six - game losing streak with a 4 - 1 win over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . The Padres scored an unearned run off Nelson ( 9 - 9 ) in the fourth	True
Nelson scattered three hits over 6 2/3 solid innings , Khris Davis drove in two runs and the Milwaukee Brewers snapped a six - game losing streak with a 4 - 1 win over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . The Padres scored an unearned run off Nelson ( 9 - 9 ) in the fourth , but the big right-hander , who threw a season-high 112 pitches , allowed nothing more . He walked one and struck out four before leaving with a 2 - 1 lead and two out in the seventh	True
Jeremy Jeffress retired pinch-hitter Brett Wallace to end the seventh inning and hold the 2 - 1 lead . Davis , who struck out with runners in scoring position for Milwaukee in the first	True
Jeremy Jeffress retired pinch-hitter Brett Wallace to end the seventh inning and hold the 2 - 1 lead . Davis , who struck out with runners in scoring position for Milwaukee in the first and fifth	True
Jeremy Jeffress retired pinch-hitter Brett Wallace to end the seventh inning and hold the 2 - 1 lead . Davis , who struck out with runners in scoring position for Milwaukee in the first and fifth , knocked in a run with a two - out base hit in the third	True
Jeremy Jeffress retired pinch-hitter Brett Wallace to end the seventh inning and hold the 2 - 1 lead . Davis , who struck out with runners in scoring position for Milwaukee in the first and fifth , knocked in a run with a two - out base hit in the third , snapping a 2 - 17 slump , and a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Davis , who struck out with runners in scoring position for Milwaukee in the first and fifth , knocked in a run with a two - out base hit in the third , snapping a 2 - 17 slump , and a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 24th save in as many chances . Jean Segura 's run-scoring grounder drove in the last run which was reviewed and confirmed . Adam Lind just beat the sweeping tag by catcher Derek Norris in the seventh	True
Elian Herrera 's RBI single in the Brewers fourth made up for his costly two - base throwing error in the Padres ' half of that inning . Matt Kemp took second	False
Matt Kemp took second on third baseman Herrera 's miscue , advanced on a wild pitch and scored on a sacrifice fly by Yonder Alonso to tie the game . Herrera 's base hit scored Shane Peterson who tripled off Andrew Cashner ( 4 - 11 ) . Yangervis Solarte extended his hitting streak to a career-high 10 games with single off Jeffress in the eighth	True
MILWAUKEE -- The San Diego Padres got production throughout their batting order , including two homers by Yangervis Solarte , to rout the Brewers . Gyorko belted a solo homer off Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta ( 2 - 6 ) in the fifth	True
Gyorko belted a solo homer off Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta ( 2 - 6 ) in the fifth . Solarte 's homers and Alexi Amarista 's three RBI helped the Padres crush the Brewers 13 - 5 on Monday night . Solarte hit a solo home run in the first	True
Gyorko belted a solo homer off Milwaukee starter Wily Peralta ( 2 - 6 ) in the fifth . Solarte 's homers and Alexi Amarista 's three RBI helped the Padres crush the Brewers 13 - 5 on Monday night . Solarte hit a solo home run in the first and connected for a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Tyson Ross ( 8 - 8 ) gave up seven hits and two earned runs in six innings . He struck out five and walked two . He also had an RBI single in the third inning , one of 13 hits on the night for the Padres . The Padres blew the game open in the seventh	True
Matt Wisler ( 5 - 2 ) , also a 22-year-old rookie , had his worst start in his eighth career outing , allowing seven runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings . Markakis homered leading off the game , and the Braves tacked on another run in the first	True
Phillies relievers Elvis Araujo , Hector Neris and Dalier Hinojosa then combined to allow one hit in four scoreless innings , lowering the bullpen 's ERA to 1.68 in the last 14 games . After getting a run back in the bottom of the first	True
After getting a run back in the bottom of the first , Philadelphia totaled 11 runs in the middle three innings . Franco tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
After getting a run back in the bottom of the first , Philadelphia totaled 11 runs in the middle three innings . Franco tied it at 2 in the fourth by running through the stop sign at third	False
Franco tied it at 2 in the fourth by running through the stop sign at third on Howard 's single to center . Rupp put Philadelphia in front with his second homer of the season , a three - run shot to left , later in the inning . Herrera 's long drive to the second deck in right and Domonic Brown 's RBI single scored two runs in the fifth	True
He was pulled after giving up a lead-off single in the eighth inning . Jason Motte gave up a lead-off double to Adam Lind in the ninth	True
Davis ' RBI single in the fourth inning cut the lead to 3 - 1 . Schwarber extended the lead to 4 - 1 with his fourth home run of the season with two out in the seventh	True
Hernan Perez and Martin Maldonado drove in two runs each in the Brewers ' five - run sixth inning . Perez and Maldonado had two hits apiece . The shutout is the seventh	False
The shutout is the seventh of the season for Milwaukee , which has won five of its last seven games . San Diego starter Andrew Cashner ( 6 - 16 ) struck out four of the first five batters in the game , but left after allowing five consecutive hitters to reach in the fifth	True
Justin Wilson , Dellin Betances and Andrew Miller each pitched a perfect inning to preserve the lead Adam Warren handed over and complete a three - hitter in Saturday 's 2 - 1 win over the Chicago White Sox . Chase Headley and A-Rod hit consecutive RBI doubles off John Danks in the sixth inning . Jose Abreu had driven in Chicago 's run with one of three singles in the first	True
With the Yankees likely headed to a one - game wild-card playoff , manager Joe Girardi hopes his players will celebrate when they clinch . Still , it 's not what the Yankees envisioned when they led the division by seven games before play on July 29 . This would mark the first time New York failed to finish first	False
Wilson has thrown seven 1 - 2 - 2 innings , while Miller has 23 and Betances 24 , according to STATS . Warren retired 11 consecutive batters before walking the bases loaded in the fifth	True
Warren retired 11 consecutive batters before walking the bases loaded in the fifth , then got out of the jam by striking out Abreu . He lasted six innings and 88 pitches in his third outing since returning to the rotation . He has a 6.88 ERA in the first inning of his 17 starts along with a .357 opponents ' batting average , but a 2.96 ERA and .218 average after . Danks ( 7 - 14 ) held the Yankees to three singles until the sixth	True
Warren retired 11 consecutive batters before walking the bases loaded in the fifth , then got out of the jam by striking out Abreu . He lasted six innings and 88 pitches in his third outing since returning to the rotation . He has a 6.88 ERA in the first inning of his 17 starts along with a .357 opponents ' batting average , but a 2.96 ERA and .218 average after . Danks ( 7 - 14 ) held the Yankees to three singles until the sixth , when Jacoby Ellsbury singled leading off and stole second	False
New York grounded into four double plays , which helped Rodon ( 9 - 6 ) overcome five walks and two hit batters in winning his third consecutive start . The left-hander bounced back nicely from a wretched outing at home against the Yankees on July 31 , when he yielded eight runs and eight hits in three innings . Pitching with a brace on his arthritic right knee , Sabathia ( 5 - 10 ) has been more effective since returning from the disabled list Sept. 9 . He fell behind early but kept the Yankees close until they tied it on a two - run single by Didi Gregorius in the fourth	True
Rookie right fielder Trayce Thompson aided Rodon earlier in the inning when he robbed Greg Bird of extra bases with an athletic running catch . With two on in the sixth	True
The 22-year-old Rodon is 5 - 2 with a 1.81 ERA in his last eight starts -- and this was probably his season finale , Ventura said . Drafted third overall last year out of North Carolina State , Rodon maintained his poise through six innings during his first appearance at Yankee Stadium . Adam Eaton added an RBI single in the ninth	True
Robertson came out of the bullpen on the anniversary of his previous appearance at Yankee Stadium -- when he blew a 5 - 2 lead in the ninth inning against Baltimore . That failure set the stage for Derek Jeter 's game-winning single in the final home game of his illustrious career . Alexei Ramirez hit an RBI double off Sabathia in the second	True
Robertson came out of the bullpen on the anniversary of his previous appearance at Yankee Stadium -- when he blew a 5 - 2 lead in the ninth inning against Baltimore . That failure set the stage for Derek Jeter 's game-winning single in the final home game of his illustrious career . Alexei Ramirez hit an RBI double off Sabathia in the second , and Avisail Garcia had a run-scoring single in the third	True
Hale said the Diamondbacks put together a scouting report on Kelly based on his one relief appearance for San Diego last Saturday , and from players who faced him in the minor leagues late last year and this season . Kelly was roughed up early , allowing three straight hits with one out in the first	True
Kelly was roughed up early , allowing three straight hits with one out in the first , including Pollock 's RBI single and Paul Goldschmidt 's run-scoring double . It got worse in the second	True
Arizona 's Rubby De La Rosa ( 14 - 8 ) , who underwent Tommy John surgery on Aug. 9 , 2011 , reached a career high in wins . He allowed three runs , two earned , and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . He walked three and struck out two . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth	True
Longoria joined Eddie Mathews , Chipper Jones and Scott Rolen as the only third baseman to hit 20 homers in seven of their first eight years in the majors . The Rays took three of four from the last-place Red Sox . Tampa Bay is fourth	False
Boston 's David Ortiz hit his 36th homer -- a two - run shot -- and increased his RBI total to 101 , reaching the century mark for the ninth season with the Red Sox to tie Hall of Famer Ted Williams for most in club history . Big Papi also set a club record for most seasons with 35-or-more homers and 100 RBI with his sixth	False
Big Papi also set a club record for most seasons with 35-or-more homers and 100 RBI with his sixth . Manny Ramirez and Jimmie Foxx each had five . Erasmo Ramirez ( 11 - 6 ) gave up two runs on four hits , striking out six without walking a batter . Brad Boxberger worked the ninth	True
Trailing 2 - 0 , Tampa Bay rallied against Wade Miley ( 11 - 11 ) . Longoria homered deep into left-center over the Green Monster . Asdrubal Cabrera and Steven Souza Jr. had consecutive RBI doubles . Kiermaier homered into the right field seats leading off the seventh	True
Miley allowed four runs on eight hits in 6 1/3 innings . Boston moved ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
While Kansas City is partying like it 's 1985 , the Royals will have more opportunity to celebrate , if Johnny Cueto leads the way . The Cardinals trailed 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
St. Louis , a major league-best 97 - 56 , went 41 games over .500 for the first time . The Cardinals have won five straight and hold a four - game lead over Pittsburgh in the NL Central . Piscotty added a two - run , two - out single off Taylor Jungmann ( 9 - 7 ) in the fifth	True
St. Louis , a major league-best 97 - 56 , went 41 games over .500 for the first time . The Cardinals have won five straight and hold a four - game lead over Pittsburgh in the NL Central . Piscotty added a two - run , two - out single off Taylor Jungmann ( 9 - 7 ) in the fifth and a run-scoring single in the seventh	True
Michael Wacha ( 17 - 6 ) worked five innings and allowed three runs , all in a 28-pitch first inning when he gave up three hits and walked two . Rookie Jason Rogers singled in Milwaukee 's first run , and Hernan Perez drove in two with an opposite-field double grounded just fair down the right field line . Wacha allowed three baserunners and threw 27 pitches in the second	True
Both of Carpenter 's homers came off rookie Brandon Finnegan ( 1 - 1 ) , who allowed six runs in five innings . With his second multihomer game , Carpenter increased his total to 26 homers , 15 more than his previous career best . Lynn gave up three singles , walked none and allowed only one runner to reach second base before leaving with the Cardinals ahead 9 - 0 after the sixth	True
Lynn gave up three singles , walked none and allowed only one runner to reach second base before leaving with the Cardinals ahead 9 - 0 after the sixth . He had allowed 12 runs in 11 2/3 innings over his past three starts . Grichuk , one of four Cardinals regulars to spend time on the disabled list in the second half , started the offensive barrage with a two - out homer in the second	True
Grichuk , one of four Cardinals regulars to spend time on the disabled list in the second half , started the offensive barrage with a two - out homer in the second . St. Louis catcher Travis Tartamella singled in his first major league at-bat in the eighth	True
St. Louis catcher Travis Tartamella singled in his first major league at-bat in the eighth . Cincinnati slugger Joey Votto hit his 29th homer in the seventh	True
Martin hit a three - run homer , Marcus Stroman pitched seven strong innings to win his third straight start and Toronto beat the New York Yankees 4 - 0 on Wednesday night , extending their division lead to 3 1/2 games . Martin , a former Yankee , connected off Andrew Bailey in the seventh	True
Stroman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out five in his third start since returning from a torn knee ligament suffered in spring training . The outing lowered his ERA to 1.89 . Brett Cecil worked the eighth	True
Starting in place of Masahiro Tanaka ( right hamstring ) , New York right-hander Ivan Nova ( 6 - 9 ) took the mound for the first time since allowing six runs in 1 2/3 innings of a Sept. 12 loss to Toronto . Nova , who had allowed at least three earned runs in each of his previous seven outings , kept the Blue Jays scoreless through five before departing after a two - out walk to Martin in the sixth	True
Nova , who had allowed at least three earned runs in each of his previous seven outings , kept the Blue Jays scoreless through five before departing after a two - out walk to Martin in the sixth . James Pazos came on and gave up a single to Ryan Goins , sending Martin to third	False
Pinch-hitter Ezequiel Carrera walked to load the bases , but Brett Gardner made a running catch on Ben Revere 's fly ball to left to end the threat . New York used a walk and a single to put runners at first	False
Pinch-hitter Ezequiel Carrera walked to load the bases , but Brett Gardner made a running catch on Ben Revere 's fly ball to left to end the threat . New York used a walk and a single to put runners at first and second	False
Pinch-hitter Ezequiel Carrera walked to load the bases , but Brett Gardner made a running catch on Ben Revere 's fly ball to left to end the threat . New York used a walk and a single to put runners at first and second with two outs in the seventh	True
New York used a walk and a single to put runners at first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Stroman finished his outing by getting Dustin Ackley to line out to center . Josh Donaldson doubled off Bailey to begin the seventh	True
New York used a walk and a single to put runners at first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Stroman finished his outing by getting Dustin Ackley to line out to center . Josh Donaldson doubled off Bailey to begin the seventh and went to third	False
Brian McCann 's bunt to beat the shift to lead off the 10th inning sparked a Yankees rally in a playoff-like game against the Blue Jays . Filling in for injured first baseman Mark Teixeira , Bird connected off reliever Mark Lowe ( 1 - 3 ) for his 10th home run in 34 games and third	False
The runs were the first Lowe had allowed in 10 September appearances . Brian McCann led off the 10th	True
Girardi could n't recall the bench being more excited at any time this season . Carlos Beltran gave the Yankees a 3 - 2 advantage when he homered off Liam Hendriks in the eighth	True
Carlos Beltran gave the Yankees a 3 - 2 advantage when he homered off Liam Hendriks in the eighth . Toronto used a single and two walks to load the bases against Dellin Betances with two outs in the eighth	True
Toronto used a single and two walks to load the bases against Dellin Betances with two outs in the eighth , but Betances struck out Edwin Encarnacion to preserve the one - run lead . Blue Jays outfielder Jose Bautista prevented a New York insurance run in the ninth	True
Toronto used a single and two walks to load the bases against Dellin Betances with two outs in the eighth , but Betances struck out Edwin Encarnacion to preserve the one - run lead . Blue Jays outfielder Jose Bautista prevented a New York insurance run in the ninth by throwing out Chris Young at home plate on Jacoby Ellsbury 's fly ball . It was Bautista 's second outfield assist of the game -- he also threw out Dustin Ackley at third base in the seventh	True
Blue Jays outfielder Jose Bautista prevented a New York insurance run in the ninth by throwing out Chris Young at home plate on Jacoby Ellsbury 's fly ball . It was Bautista 's second outfield assist of the game -- he also threw out Dustin Ackley at third base in the seventh . Bautista 's play proved vital when Dioner Navarro hit a tying homer on the first pitch he saw from Miller in the ninth	True
Blue Jays outfielder Jose Bautista prevented a New York insurance run in the ninth by throwing out Chris Young at home plate on Jacoby Ellsbury 's fly ball . It was Bautista 's second outfield assist of the game -- he also threw out Dustin Ackley at third base in the seventh . Bautista 's play proved vital when Dioner Navarro hit a tying homer on the first pitch he saw from Miller in the ninth . The blown save was Miller 's second	False
Kevin Pillar hit a two - out double , pinch-hitter Matt Hague was intentionally walked and pinch-hitter Russell Martin walked to load the bases before Miller struck out Josh Donaldson to send it to extra innings . Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the bottom of the 10th	True
Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the bottom of the 10th but Toronto lost for the third time in four games . The Yankees jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the first on McCann 's RBI single and Beltran 's sacrifice fly . Pillar halved the deficit with a one - out homer into the second deck in left in the third	True
The Yankees jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the first on McCann 's RBI single and Beltran 's sacrifice fly . Pillar halved the deficit with a one - out homer into the second deck in left in the third , his 11th	False
The Yankees jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the first on McCann 's RBI single and Beltran 's sacrifice fly . Pillar halved the deficit with a one - out homer into the second deck in left in the third , his 11th . Toronto tied it in the fourth	False
Pillar halved the deficit with a one - out homer into the second deck in left in the third , his 11th . Toronto tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Justin Smoak . After his shaky first inning , Blue Jays starter Marco Estrada gave up a two - out double to Ellsbury in the second	True
Pillar halved the deficit with a one - out homer into the second deck in left in the third , his 11th . Toronto tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Justin Smoak . After his shaky first inning , Blue Jays starter Marco Estrada gave up a two - out double to Ellsbury in the second and a two - out single by Beltran in the third	True
Pillar halved the deficit with a one - out homer into the second deck in left in the third , his 11th . Toronto tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Justin Smoak . After his shaky first inning , Blue Jays starter Marco Estrada gave up a two - out double to Ellsbury in the second and a two - out single by Beltran in the third , then set down 11 straight before issuing a four - pitch walk to Ackley with one out in the seventh	True
After his shaky first inning , Blue Jays starter Marco Estrada gave up a two - out double to Ellsbury in the second and a two - out single by Beltran in the third , then set down 11 straight before issuing a four - pitch walk to Ackley with one out in the seventh . Ackley tried to go to third	False
The Phillies have dropped five straight and 13 of 16 . Arodys Vizcaino earned his sixth save in seven chances after facing four batters in the ninth	True
Arodys Vizcaino earned his sixth save in seven chances after facing four batters in the ninth . With Andres Blanco of the Phillies on second base , Gold Glove shortstop Andrelton Simmons made the best defensive play of the game , diving hard to his left to catch Darnell Sweeney 's liner for the second	False
Arodys Vizcaino earned his sixth save in seven chances after facing four batters in the ninth . With Andres Blanco of the Phillies on second base , Gold Glove shortstop Andrelton Simmons made the best defensive play of the game , diving hard to his left to catch Darnell Sweeney 's liner for the second out . Blanco advanced to third	False
The Angels are on a seven - game road swing and head to Houston after Sunday 's series finale . Los Angeles is 1 1/2 games behind Houston for the second AL wild card . Mike Trout and Chris Iannetta added solo homers for Los Angeles ( 76 - 72 ) , which won its third straight in the series and pulled a game ahead of Minnesota ( 75 - 73 ) for third	False
By sweeping the Twins in a doubleheader in Minnesota , the Los Angeles Angels are now just a 1 1/2 games out of the American league 's wild-card race . The Angels took the first game of the doubleheader , a makeup of Friday 's rainout , when Kole Calhoun 's liner eluded shortstop Eduardo Escobar 's glove to allow Daniel Robertson to score from third	False
Drew Smyly ( 3 - 2 ) allowed five runs and four hits over 5 2/3 innings for the Rays . Brad Boxberger gave up a solo homer to Pearce in the ninth en route to his 35th save in 41 chances . Sizemore ended rookie Tyler Wilson 's night with his one - out double in the fifth	True
Mahtook is hitting .417 ( 15 for 36 ) in 14 games since being recalled from Triple-A Durham on Sept. 1 . Wilson ( 2 - 2 ) , making his first start since Aug. 3 and third	False
Baltimore rallied from a three - run deficit with a four - run eighth inning to beat the Rays 4 - 3 Thursday . Pearce got Baltimore within 8 - 5 on a two - run shot during the sixth	True
Smyly has allowed four or more runs in four of seven starts since returning from a torn left labrum . He did n't give up a run in the other three . J. J. Hardy put the Orioles up 3 - 0 in the second	True
Smyly has allowed four or more runs in four of seven starts since returning from a torn left labrum . He did n't give up a run in the other three . J. J. Hardy put the Orioles up 3 - 0 in the second with his first homer since July 29 and eighth	False
J. J. Hardy put the Orioles up 3 - 0 in the second with his first homer since July 29 and eighth this year . He entered hitless in seven at-bats against Smyly . Tim Beckham cut the Rays deficit to 3 - 2 in the bottom of the second	True
Alec Asher ( 0 - 4 ) , making his fourth career start , was tagged for four runs on seven hits in five innings . Werth put the Nationals up 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Alec Asher ( 0 - 4 ) , making his fourth career start , was tagged for four runs on seven hits in five innings . Werth put the Nationals up 2 - 0 in the fourth with a drive to left-center . After the Phillies tied it in the bottom of the frame on Ruf 's two - run shot to left , Washington scored two runs on five hits in the fifth	True
Werth put the Nationals up 2 - 0 in the fourth with a drive to left-center . After the Phillies tied it in the bottom of the frame on Ruf 's two - run shot to left , Washington scored two runs on five hits in the fifth to go up 4 - 2 . Werth led off the sixth	True
Werth led off the sixth with a solo homer to left-center . He had a pair of homers , including a grand slam , in Monday 's series-opening win . Harper then connected on a two - run , opposite-field shot with one out in the seventh	True
ATLANTA -- Daniel Murphy hit a tying three - run homer in the ninth inning , Kirk Nieuwenhuis scored the tiebreaking run on a throwing error in the 10th	True
Atlanta dropped to 14 - 46 since July 8 and has lost 12 straight at Turner Field , the longest franchise home skid since the 1931 Boston Braves . All of the Mets ' final six runs came with two outs . Bobby Parnell ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win , allowing one hit and striking out one in 1 1/3 innings . Addison Reed earned his fourth save in seven chances with a perfect 10th	True
Murphy 's 11th homer , coming off Ryan Kelly , made it 7-all . Facing Edwin Jackson ( 2 - 3 ) in the 10th	True
The Mets were nearly undone by poor fielding by first baseman Lucas Duda , third baseman Juan Uribe , second baseman Murphy and right fielder Curtis Granderson . Only Uribe was charged with an error , but New York blew a chance at some easy outs , the last coming when Granderson lost Garcia 's bloop single in the sun for a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth	True
New York starter Jonathon Niese gave up eight hits and one walk with three strikeouts . Two of his three runs allowed were earned . The Braves made it 2-all in the third	True
The Braves made it 2-all in the third , thanks in part to Duda pulling his foot off the bag on Nick Markakis ' infield single and dropping Adonis Garcia 's foul popup . Garcia and Simmons followed with RBI singles . Atlanta took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
The Braves made it 2-all in the third , thanks in part to Duda pulling his foot off the bag on Nick Markakis ' infield single and dropping Adonis Garcia 's foul popup . Garcia and Simmons followed with RBI singles . Atlanta took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Simmons led off to single , advanced to third	False
Atlanta took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Simmons led off to single , advanced to third when Uribe let a grounder roll through his legs and scored on Michael Bourn 's sacrifice fly . Murphy helped the Braves make it 4-all in the seventh	False
Atlanta took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth . Simmons led off to single , advanced to third when Uribe let a grounder roll through his legs and scored on Michael Bourn 's sacrifice fly . Murphy helped the Braves make it 4-all in the seventh , failing to glove a potential double-play grounder on what was scored a single by Freddie Freeman . Castro advanced to third	False
Murphy helped the Braves make it 4-all in the seventh , failing to glove a potential double-play grounder on what was scored a single by Freddie Freeman . Castro advanced to third on the play and scored on Garcia 's grounder . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Michael Conforto 's seventh homer . After Kevin Plawecki 's one - out single chased Braves starter Ryan Weber in the seventh	True
Four relievers combined to complete St. Louis 's 12th shutout loss this year , matching last season 's total . The Reds scored their first two runs on groundouts . Lamb got his first career RBI in the second	True
Four relievers combined to complete St. Louis 's 12th shutout loss this year , matching last season 's total . The Reds scored their first two runs on groundouts . Lamb got his first career RBI in the second and Phillips made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
The Reds scored their first two runs on groundouts . Lamb got his first career RBI in the second and Phillips made it 2 - 0 in the third . Cincinnati chased Garcia in a four - run fifth	True
Votto 's double into the left field corner came on a 3 - 2 pitch after he fell behind 0 - 2 and was sent sprawling by a high-and-tight fastball . Phillips hit 12th homer , a leadoff shot in a three - run seventh	True
Phillips hit 12th homer , a leadoff shot in a three - run seventh . Right fielder Jason Heyward almost made a leaping catch , but he could n't keep the ball in his glove . Frazier added his 32nd homer , a two - run line drive in the eighth	True
The spare crowd saw Realmuto become the third Marlin in franchise history to have an inside-the-park home run as part of a multihomer game . Hanley Ramirez ( Sept. 27 , 2006 vs. Cincinnati ) and Derrek Lee ( April 12 , 2003 vs. Atlanta ) were the other two . Realmuto led off the fourth	True
Kyle Barraclough ( 2 - 0 ) picked up the win after retiring all five batters he faced , striking out the last four . A. J. Ramos got the final four outs for his 24th save in 30 opportunities . Ramos entered in the eighth	True
Santana 's two - run homer gave the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Martin Prado had an RBI single in the first	True
Martin Prado had an RBI single in the first , and Realmuto 's home run over the left field wall in the second tied the game at 2 - 2 . Justin Bour 's base hit in the third put the Marlins on top 3 - 2 , and they stretched their lead to 6 - 2 by scoring three runs in the fourth	True
Gordon had an RBI double and Bour drew a bases loaded walk for his second RBI of the game later after Realmuto 's second home run . Barraclough relieved Adam Conley in the fifth	True
Gordon had an RBI double and Bour drew a bases loaded walk for his second RBI of the game later after Realmuto 's second home run . Barraclough relieved Adam Conley in the fifth with the bases loaded leading 6 - 2 and got the final two outs to get out of the jam . He then struck out the side in the sixth	True
One night after he hit two homers to help the Tigers beat Tampa Bay , he capped off a wild game with a sacrifice fly in the 13th inning to give Detroit an 8 - 7 victory Tuesday night . Davis was involved in four replay challenges in the game , including two in the 11th inning without a pitch being thrown in between . He reached on an infield single , where the original call was overturned , then was nearly picked off , with the safe call standing . He homered -- his third	False
The game was tied four times , the last at 7 - 7 , before the Tigers finally put it away at 12:11 a.m . James McCann led off the 13th	True
The game was tied four times , the last at 7 - 7 , before the Tigers finally put it away at 12:11 a.m . James McCann led off the 13th with an infield single , and Andrew Bellatti ( 0 - 1 ) could n't pick up Jefry Marte 's bunt attempt , putting runners on first	False
The game was tied four times , the last at 7 - 7 , before the Tigers finally put it away at 12:11 a.m . James McCann led off the 13th with an infield single , and Andrew Bellatti ( 0 - 1 ) could n't pick up Jefry Marte 's bunt attempt , putting runners on first and second	False
The game was tied four times , the last at 7 - 7 , before the Tigers finally put it away at 12:11 a.m . James McCann led off the 13th with an infield single , and Andrew Bellatti ( 0 - 1 ) could n't pick up Jefry Marte 's bunt attempt , putting runners on first and second . Andrew Romine laid down a successful bunt putting runners at second	False
The game was tied four times , the last at 7 - 7 , before the Tigers finally put it away at 12:11 a.m . James McCann led off the 13th with an infield single , and Andrew Bellatti ( 0 - 1 ) could n't pick up Jefry Marte 's bunt attempt , putting runners on first and second . Andrew Romine laid down a successful bunt putting runners at second and third	False
Kyle Ryan ( 2 - 3 ) picked up the win . J. D. Martinez put the Tigers up 7 - 6 in the eighth	True
J. D. Martinez put the Tigers up 7 - 6 in the eighth with a leadoff homer off Tampa Bay 's Nathan Karns , who had n't made a relief appearance since pitching in Class-A ball in 2012 . Karns pitched three innings without allowing another run . Once again , though , the Tigers could n't close a game . Closer Bruce Rondon started the ninth	True
The teams combined to use 29 position players and 16 pitchers , 10 for Detroit , matching the franchise record set in 1998 . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Davis ' homer , only the second time he had homered in consecutive games . Tampa Bay tied it in the fourth	False
Tampa Bay tied it in the fourth when Mikie Mahtook tripled over Martinez 's head in right and scored on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays went ahead in the sixth	False
Tampa Bay tied it in the fourth when Mikie Mahtook tripled over Martinez 's head in right and scored on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays went ahead in the sixth . Kiermeier started the inning with a walk , and took third	False
The Rays went ahead in the sixth . Kiermeier started the inning with a walk , and took third on J. P. Arenciba 's single . Al Alburquerque replaced Matt Boyd and gave up RBI singles to Sizemore , Longoria and Logan Forsythe . Alburquerque balked to move Longoria and Forsythe to second	False
The Rays went ahead in the sixth . Kiermeier started the inning with a walk , and took third on J. P. Arenciba 's single . Al Alburquerque replaced Matt Boyd and gave up RBI singles to Sizemore , Longoria and Logan Forsythe . Alburquerque balked to move Longoria and Forsythe to second and third	False
The Tigers loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom of the inning , and Matt Andriese replaced Ramirez to face Martinez . He fouled off three two - strike pitches before drawing a walk . Alex Colome struck Nick Castellanos , but then hit McCann in the head with an 89 mph fastball . The ball hit McCann squarely on the helmet , above the left temple , but he simply trotted to first	False
Alex Colome struck Nick Castellanos , but then hit McCann in the head with an 89 mph fastball . The ball hit McCann squarely on the helmet , above the left temple , but he simply trotted to first , pulling the Tigers within 5 - 3 . After Colome struck out Tyler Collins , Andrew Romine hit a single to left , making it 5 - 4 , but Martinez ran through third base coach Dave Clark 's stop sign , then froze . Instead of trapping him between third	False
After Colome struck out Tyler Collins , Andrew Romine hit a single to left , making it 5 - 4 , but Martinez ran through third base coach Dave Clark 's stop sign , then froze . Instead of trapping him between third and home , though , Longoria went after McCann , and Martinez was able to score before the tag . Tampa regained the lead on Nava 's RBI single in the seventh	True
After Colome struck out Tyler Collins , Andrew Romine hit a single to left , making it 5 - 4 , but Martinez ran through third base coach Dave Clark 's stop sign , then froze . Instead of trapping him between third and home , though , Longoria went after McCann , and Martinez was able to score before the tag . Tampa regained the lead on Nava 's RBI single in the seventh , but Anthony Gose singled with one out in bottom of the inning , took third	False
After Colome struck out Tyler Collins , Andrew Romine hit a single to left , making it 5 - 4 , but Martinez ran through third base coach Dave Clark 's stop sign , then froze . Instead of trapping him between third and home , though , Longoria went after McCann , and Martinez was able to score before the tag . Tampa regained the lead on Nava 's RBI single in the seventh , but Anthony Gose singled with one out in bottom of the inning , took third on consecutive wild pitches by Colome and scored when Rene Rivera threw wildly to third	False
It did n't matter because the AL East-leading Toronto Blue Jays scored after that crazy play in the 10th inning to run away with the win . Troy Tulowitzki singled in the go-ahead run off Alexi Ogando to trigger a four - run 10th	True
Troy Tulowitzki singled in the go-ahead run off Alexi Ogando to trigger a four - run 10th that lifted the Blue Jays to a 5 - 1 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Donaldson led off the 10th	True
Donaldson led off the 10th with a triple against Ogando ( 2 - 1 ) , a towering fly ball that appeared to hit the top corner of the Green Monster and bounced back . After a review upheld the call of the ball not crossing the red line at the top for a homer , the umpiring crew reviewed and confirmed Donaldson was safe at third	False
MIAMI -- Zach Davies 's second career start went much better than his first	False
The Brewers pounded out 15 hits , including seven extra-base hits . Marlins manager Dan Jennings was ejected in the seventh	True
Justin Nicolino ( 3 - 3 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Marlins . Davis put the Brewers on the scoreboard with a home run to right to begin the fourth	True
Davis put the Brewers on the scoreboard with a home run to right to begin the fourth . It was his 18th of the season . The Brewers scored five runs on five hits in the fifth	True
Perez 's two - run double off Bryan Ellington extended the lead to 6 - 0 . The Marlins loaded the bases in the bottom of the fifth	True
The Marlins loaded the bases in the bottom of the fifth with one out , but only managed one run on a fielder 's choice by Donovan Solano . The Brewers plated three more runs in the sixth	True
Seth Smith had three hits as the Mariners finished with 14 against five A 's pitchers . Can 's two - run double in the first opened the scoring . Miller added an RBI single later in the frame . Morrison , who drove in three , added a two - run homer in the third	True
Seth Smith had three hits as the Mariners finished with 14 against five A 's pitchers . Can 's two - run double in the first opened the scoring . Miller added an RBI single later in the frame . Morrison , who drove in three , added a two - run homer in the third and O'Malley hit a solo shot in the fourth	False
Can 's two - run double in the first opened the scoring . Miller added an RBI single later in the frame . Morrison , who drove in three , added a two - run homer in the third and O'Malley hit a solo shot in the fourth . Hernandez gave up all three runs and four hits in the fourth	True
Colon pitched a nine - hitter and made a nifty behind-the-back toss on a grounder , and the New York Mets hit three homers in a 7 - 0 victory over the Marlins on Saturday night . In the bottom of the sixth	True
It was Colon 's 36th career complete game and 13th career shutout . He last accomplished both feats during the 2013 season . It was also the 12th shutout for Mets pitchers this season . Travis d'Arnaud and Wilmer Flores hit back-to-back homers in a four - run first inning and Juan Lagares went deep in a three - run second	True
Brad Hand ( 4 - 5 ) gave up all seven runs and six hits in 1 2/3 innings to fall to 0 - 5 in his career against the Mets . Colon was never in serious trouble . Miami had runners on first	False
Brad Hand ( 4 - 5 ) gave up all seven runs and six hits in 1 2/3 innings to fall to 0 - 5 in his career against the Mets . Colon was never in serious trouble . Miami had runners on first and third	False
Brad Hand ( 4 - 5 ) gave up all seven runs and six hits in 1 2/3 innings to fall to 0 - 5 in his career against the Mets . Colon was never in serious trouble . Miami had runners on first and third with two outs in the fourth inning , but Colon got Ichiro Suzuki to ground out to third	False
J. T. Realmoto 's double in the seventh inning was the Marlins ' only extra-base hit as Colon improved to 7 - 3 against them as a Met . The Mets got to Hand quickly . David Wright singled with one out in the first	True
J. T. Realmoto 's double in the seventh inning was the Marlins ' only extra-base hit as Colon improved to 7 - 3 against them as a Met . The Mets got to Hand quickly . David Wright singled with one out in the first and Yoenis Cespedes walked . One out later , d'Arnaud hit a three - run homer to center that cleared the deepest part of Marlins Park . Flores followed with his 15th	False
Andrew McCutchen had two hits and scored three runs in his return to the lineup after sitting out Thursday night . Marte added a two - out , two - run double in the fifth	True
Marte added a two - out , two - run double in the fifth for his first three - RBI game since June 5 . The Pirates scored four runs in the ninth	True
Gonzalez has five homers in his last three games and Arenado has connected in a career-high five straight games . De La Rosa ( 9 - 6 ) did n't walk a batter and struck out seven . Two of the strikeouts came in the sixth inning , helping him get out of a jam and he induced an inning-ending double play grounder from Juan Perez after giving up a one - out single to Kelby Tomlinson in the seventh	True
De La Rosa ( 9 - 6 ) did n't walk a batter and struck out seven . Two of the strikeouts came in the sixth inning , helping him get out of a jam and he induced an inning-ending double play grounder from Juan Perez after giving up a one - out single to Kelby Tomlinson in the seventh . John Axford worked a scoreless ninth	True
John Axford worked a scoreless ninth for his 19th save . Chris Heston ( 11 - 9 ) went 5 2/3 innings for the Giants and allowed seven hits and two runs , both on the solo homers in the first	True
It was the second time this season that Gonzalez and Arenado teamed to go deep in successive at-bats . San Francisco pulled to 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
Red Sox rookie Henry Owens ( 2 - 2 ) retired the first four batters in order but the next eight Yankees reached base safely , with one out coming on the basepaths . In all , the 23-year-old left-hander was charged with seven runs on six hits and two walks . Ryan Cook relieved him with two outs in the second	True
Xander Bogaerts had three hits , including a homer , for the Red Sox . Boston loaded the bases in the seventh	True
Xander Bogaerts had three hits , including a homer , for the Red Sox . Boston loaded the bases in the seventh and eighth	True
Xander Bogaerts had three hits , including a homer , for the Red Sox . Boston loaded the bases in the seventh and eighth , scoring two each time . The Red Sox scored one more in the ninth	True
Goins hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th inning and Toronto beat Cleveland 5 - 3 on Tuesday night , snapping the Indians ' winning streak at six games . Ryan Goins of the Toronto Blue Jays hit a game-ending home run in the 10th	True
Ryan Goins of the Toronto Blue Jays hit a game-ending home run in the 10th and leads our nightly Top 5 . It was Toronto 's sixth walkoff win of the season and the fourth	False
Yan Gomes hit two home runs and Michael Brantley also connected but it was n't enough for the Indians . Dioner Navarro singled off Bryan Shaw ( 3 - 3 ) to begin the 10th	True
Yan Gomes hit two home runs and Michael Brantley also connected but it was n't enough for the Indians . Dioner Navarro singled off Bryan Shaw ( 3 - 3 ) to begin the 10th and was replaced by pinch-runner Ezequiel Carrera . One out later , Goins drilled the game-winning homer into the right field bullpen , his fifth	False
Dioner Navarro singled off Bryan Shaw ( 3 - 3 ) to begin the 10th and was replaced by pinch-runner Ezequiel Carrera . One out later , Goins drilled the game-winning homer into the right field bullpen , his fifth . Gomes tied it 2-all with a leadoff drive off Marco Estrada in the seventh	True
Dioner Navarro singled off Bryan Shaw ( 3 - 3 ) to begin the 10th and was replaced by pinch-runner Ezequiel Carrera . One out later , Goins drilled the game-winning homer into the right field bullpen , his fifth . Gomes tied it 2-all with a leadoff drive off Marco Estrada in the seventh , then knotted it at 3-all with a one - out blast off closer Roberto Osuna in the ninth	True
Dioner Navarro singled off Bryan Shaw ( 3 - 3 ) to begin the 10th and was replaced by pinch-runner Ezequiel Carrera . One out later , Goins drilled the game-winning homer into the right field bullpen , his fifth . Gomes tied it 2-all with a leadoff drive off Marco Estrada in the seventh , then knotted it at 3-all with a one - out blast off closer Roberto Osuna in the ninth . It was the second multihomer game of the season for Gomes and the third	False
Abraham Almonte followed the ninth-inning homer with a triple but was left stranded as pinch-hitter Chris Johnson grounded out and Jose Ramirez lined out . Justin Smoak walked to begin the seventh	True
Justin Smoak walked to begin the seventh against reliever Ryan Webb , and was replaced by pinch-runner Dalton Pompey , one of five September call-ups to join the Blue Jays on Tuesday . After Navarro flied out , Pompey stole second	False
Justin Smoak walked to begin the seventh against reliever Ryan Webb , and was replaced by pinch-runner Dalton Pompey , one of five September call-ups to join the Blue Jays on Tuesday . After Navarro flied out , Pompey stole second and third	False
Justin Smoak walked to begin the seventh against reliever Ryan Webb , and was replaced by pinch-runner Dalton Pompey , one of five September call-ups to join the Blue Jays on Tuesday . After Navarro flied out , Pompey stole second and third before scoring on Kevin Pillar 's sacrifice fly to center , Toronto 's third	False
After Navarro flied out , Pompey stole second and third before scoring on Kevin Pillar 's sacrifice fly to center , Toronto 's third of the game . Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
After Navarro flied out , Pompey stole second and third before scoring on Kevin Pillar 's sacrifice fly to center , Toronto 's third of the game . Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Jose Bautista had one in the third	False
Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Jose Bautista had one in the third as Toronto opened a 2 - 0 lead . Brantley cut the deficit in half with a solo homer in the fourth	True
Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Jose Bautista had one in the third as Toronto opened a 2 - 0 lead . Brantley cut the deficit in half with a solo homer in the fourth , and Gomes tied it in the seventh	False
A pumped-up Troy Tulowitzki powered the Blue Jays and energized their fans in a Game 3 win in the ALCS , blasting a big home run before getting an odd late-game ejection . For the third time in three starts , Johnny Cueto struggled in a road playoff game -- this time allowing eight runs while pitching into the third	True
For the third time in three starts , Johnny Cueto struggled in a road playoff game -- this time allowing eight runs while pitching into the third . The resilient Royals tried to come back this time too . Kendrys Morales capped a four - run surge with a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The resilient Royals tried to come back this time too . Kendrys Morales capped a four - run surge with a two - run homer in the ninth before Roberto Osuna closed it out . Even with a big lead , Tulowitzki lost his cool . He was given a rare playoff ejection for arguing balls and strikes before the top of the eighth	True
The resilient Royals tried to come back this time too . Kendrys Morales capped a four - run surge with a two - run homer in the ninth before Roberto Osuna closed it out . Even with a big lead , Tulowitzki lost his cool . He was given a rare playoff ejection for arguing balls and strikes before the top of the eighth . Tulowitzki , who struck out looking in the seventh	True
Blue Jays center fielder Kevin Pillar quashed the early rally with a fantastic , over-the-shoulder catch that sent him crashing into the wall . After an easy first	True
After an easy first , Cueto appeared flustered by the crowd . Eleven of his remaining 13 batters reached , and at one point in the third inning , he threw his hands up in frustration after gesturing for a new cycle of signs from catcher Salvador Perez . Goins singled in two runs in the second	True
After an easy first , Cueto appeared flustered by the crowd . Eleven of his remaining 13 batters reached , and at one point in the third inning , he threw his hands up in frustration after gesturing for a new cycle of signs from catcher Salvador Perez . Goins singled in two runs in the second after Tulowitzki singled with one out and Russell Martin was hit by a pitch that knocked off his left elbow guard . Goins pulled into second	False
David Price , the losing pitcher in Game 2 , led the cheering from the top step of the dugout . When Goins scored on Donaldson 's hit , he was greeted first	False
When Goins scored on Donaldson 's hit , he was greeted first by the enthusiastic Stroman . Nursing a sore shoulder that sidelined him in September , Tulowitzki entered in a 4 - for - 29 postseason slump . Then he connected for the Blue Jays ' first ALCS home run after Edwin Encarnacion singled and Chris Colabello walked to start the third	True
Nursing a sore shoulder that sidelined him in September , Tulowitzki entered in a 4 - for - 29 postseason slump . Then he connected for the Blue Jays ' first ALCS home run after Edwin Encarnacion singled and Chris Colabello walked to start the third . Cueto was coming off a dominant , eight - inning performance in Game 5 of the ALDS , in which he retired his last 19 batters . But after Pillar 's RBI double in the third	True
As fans sang Cueto off the field , he smiled and tossed his gum near the Royals dugout . Donaldson connected for a 9 - 2 lead two batters after Kris Medlen entered . Goins homered off Medlen in the fifth	True
Stroman gave up four runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . The 24-year-old returned from a torn knee ligament in March , then went 4 - 0 down the stretch and got the win in Game 5 of the ALDS . Blue Jays fans were confident enough with a 10 - 4 lead to sing `` Happy Birthday '' to Jose Bautista when he came to bat in the sixth	True
Stroman gave up four runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings . The 24-year-old returned from a torn knee ligament in March , then went 4 - 0 down the stretch and got the win in Game 5 of the ALDS . Blue Jays fans were confident enough with a 10 - 4 lead to sing `` Happy Birthday '' to Jose Bautista when he came to bat in the sixth . Bautista drove in a run in the eighth	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Ben Zobrist 's easy fly that somehow fell in for a hit began a five - run rally against David Price in the seventh inning , and the Kansas City Royals rolled to a 6 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Saturday for a 2 - 0 lead in the American League Championship Series . Wade Davis survived a shaky ninth inning for Kansas City after Luke Hochevar and Danny Duffy were solid in relief of Yordano Ventura . Kelvin Herrera breezed through the eighth	True
For most of the afternoon , it appeared the Blue Jays would forge a 1 - 1 tie . Ryan Goins drove in a run off Ventura in the third	True
For most of the afternoon , it appeared the Blue Jays would forge a 1 - 1 tie . Ryan Goins drove in a run off Ventura in the third , snapping an 18-inning scoreless streak by Royals pitchers , and Edwin Encarnacion and Troy Tulowitzki had RBIs in the sixth	True
The way Price was carving up the lineup , a 3 - 0 lead looked to be enough . The only bad pitch he threw the first six innings was his first	True
The Royals finally got it thanks to a costly defensive lapse . Zobrist sent a popup to shallow right field to start the seventh	True
The last time he allowed five runs in an inning was May 8 . The opponent : Kansas City . The Royals tacked on another run off the Toronto relief corps in the eighth	True
Osuna turned toward the outfield after striking out Will Venable , looked to the sky and was mobbed by his teammates as jubilant fans rocked the Rogers Centre . After Edwin Encarnacion tied the score at 2-all with a second-deck homer off tough-luck loser Cole Hamels in the sixth	True
Osuna turned toward the outfield after striking out Will Venable , looked to the sky and was mobbed by his teammates as jubilant fans rocked the Rogers Centre . After Edwin Encarnacion tied the score at 2-all with a second-deck homer off tough-luck loser Cole Hamels in the sixth , Odor led off the seventh	True
Osuna turned toward the outfield after striking out Will Venable , looked to the sky and was mobbed by his teammates as jubilant fans rocked the Rogers Centre . After Edwin Encarnacion tied the score at 2-all with a second-deck homer off tough-luck loser Cole Hamels in the sixth , Odor led off the seventh with a single and went to third	False
The Rangers made three consecutive errors to start the bottom half , with Martin reaching on a fielding error by shortstop Elvis Andrus to start it off . Kevin Pillar followed with a grounder to first	False
The Rangers made three consecutive errors to start the bottom half , with Martin reaching on a fielding error by shortstop Elvis Andrus to start it off . Kevin Pillar followed with a grounder to first , but Martin was safe at second	False
Kevin Pillar followed with a grounder to first , but Martin was safe at second on an errant throw by Mitch Moreland . After Dalton Pompey pinch ran for Martin , Ryan Goins followed with a sacrifice bunt . Adrian Beltre fielded the ball and threw to third	False
Revere grounded into a fielder 's choice , with Moreland throwing Pompey out at the plate . After Dyson relieved Hamels , Donaldson tied it at 3-all with a flare just beyond the reach of Odor at second	False
With some fans continuing to litter the field , Encarnacion turned to face the crowd and appealed for calm , lifting his bat and helmet over his head . Dyson took exception and walked over to confront Encarnacion , leading to both dugouts and both bullpens emptying . During the scrum that was quickly dissolved , 20 Toronto police officers stood across the outfield , while others gathered along the foul lines . Police later took position on the roof of the Rangers ' first-base dugout before the bottom of the ninth	True
Encarnacion and Chris Colabello both singled when play resumed , but the bat-around inning ended when Troy Tulowitzki fouled out . Dyson made contact with Tulowitzki as he walked off , leading the benches to clear again , with Texas catcher Chris Gimenez shoving Tulowitzki . Texas opened the scoring in the first	True
Encarnacion and Chris Colabello both singled when play resumed , but the bat-around inning ended when Troy Tulowitzki fouled out . Dyson made contact with Tulowitzki as he walked off , leading the benches to clear again , with Texas catcher Chris Gimenez shoving Tulowitzki . Texas opened the scoring in the first when Delino DeShields scored on a fielder 's choice by Prince Fielder . Choo homered off Stroman in the third	True
Texas opened the scoring in the first when Delino DeShields scored on a fielder 's choice by Prince Fielder . Choo homered off Stroman in the third to make it 2 - 0 . Choo 's homer was the first	False
Choo 's homer was the first for the Rangers since Odor connected off David Price in the seventh inning of Game 1 . Toronto cut the deficit in half in the third	True
Yasmani Grandal 's base hit knocked in two runs and snapped slumps of 0 - for - 26 and 4 - for - 88 , the latter dating to Aug. 9 . But the Mets responded right away in the bottom half after Dodgers shortstop -- and longtime New York nemesis -- Jimmy Rollins took his time throwing to first	False
That got the NL East champs started , and d'Arnaud broke out of his own slump with an RBI single . Granderson launched a three - run double that banged off the right-center fence near the 380-foot sign and put the Mets in front for good . Anderson hung a changeup in the third	True
Anderson hung a changeup in the third that d'Arnaud pulled for a two - run homer . Cespedes took a long , admiring look at his three - run drive in the fourth	True
Burnett 's sons AJ and Ashton -- the main reasons the pitcher is calling it a career despite making the All-Star team for the first time this summer -- threw out the first pitch and Burnett could n't help but think about his long journey from young fireballer to high-dollar disappointment in New York to cult hero in Pittsburgh . The final regular-season pitch of his career was a 3 - 2 fastball to Jason Bourgeois with two outs in the sixth	True
Story , who 'd hurt the Diamondbacks with homers in the four previous meetings between the two teams this season , doubled , tripled and drove in three for the Rockies , who have won four of five in Arizona this year . Carlos Gonzalez had three of the Rockies ' 13 hits and Nolan Arenado drove in a third run in the ninth	True
Ziegler , who 'd converted 33 straight save chances , felt he made good pitches and credited the Rockies with hitting them . Chad Qualls ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win for one scoreless inning of relief and Jake McGee pitched the ninth	True
Diamondbacks ace Zack Greinke kept his team in the game with seven innings of work . Greinke limited the Rockies to two runs on eight hits , striking out eight and walking two . Greinke got little run support , and until the Diamondbacks scored in the sixth	True
Greinke got little run support , and until the Diamondbacks scored in the sixth they went 18 innings without a run dating back to Thursday 's game against St. Louis . Brandon Drury 's two - run home run in the sixth tied the score at 2 . The Rockies ( 11 - 12 ) scored first	False
`` The truth of the matter is they 're outplaying us . They 've come into our ballpark and they 're playing really good baseball , '' Hale added . Jean Segura stole a hit from Mark Reynolds in the fourth	True
Jean Segura stole a hit from Mark Reynolds in the fourth when the Diamondbacks second baseman backhand-caught a sinking pop fly to shallow left-center field with four Arizona players converging on the ball . The Diamondbacks finally broke through in the sixth	True
Jean Segura stole a hit from Mark Reynolds in the fourth when the Diamondbacks second baseman backhand-caught a sinking pop fly to shallow left-center field with four Arizona players converging on the ball . The Diamondbacks finally broke through in the sixth when Drury homered to left off Rockies reliever Carlos Estevez with Segura on base . Arizona ( 12 - 14 ) managed only five hits in the game , two in the bottom of the ninth	True
Manager Dusty Baker said he just kept an eye on the right-hander . Werth added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Manager Dusty Baker said he just kept an eye on the right-hander . Werth added an RBI single in the eighth , his fifth	False
Manager Dusty Baker said he just kept an eye on the right-hander . Werth added an RBI single in the eighth , his fifth in the first two games of a weekend series and 10th	False
The NL East leaders are 16 - 7 , their best start since moving from Montreal in 2005 . Opponents had been 2 for 13 with no runs in the first	True
The NL East leaders are 16 - 7 , their best start since moving from Montreal in 2005 . Opponents had been 2 for 13 with no runs in the first against Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) before the Nationals jumped on the lefty for four runs on three hits . Daniel Murphy had an RBI single before Werth hit his fourth	False
Opponents had been 2 for 13 with no runs in the first against Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) before the Nationals jumped on the lefty for four runs on three hits . Daniel Murphy had an RBI single before Werth hit his fourth over the left-field wall on a 2 - 1 changeup . The Cardinals had two hits , a sacrifice bunt and Matt Carpenter 's sacrifice fly for a run in the fifth	True
Upton and Zimmermann both signed as free agents with Detroit for more than $ 100 million this past offseason . Zimmermann knew he would be joining a team with a high-octane offense , though he has n't relied on the Tigers ' bats much yet . Victor Martinez doubled twice for the Tigers , who have won five of six . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth	True
With two on and two outs , Duffey tried to get ahead in the count with a first-pitch fastball . But the pitch caught too much of the plate and Upton drove it an estimated 417 feet for his second homer with Detroit . Zimmermann cruised through the first three innings , but Byung Ho Park homered in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Zimmermann in 29 2/3 innings this season . After that , each time the Twins threatened , Zimmermann had an answer . John Ryan Murphy reached second	False
It was the first home run allowed by Zimmermann in 29 2/3 innings this season . After that , each time the Twins threatened , Zimmermann had an answer . John Ryan Murphy reached second on an error by right fielder J. D. Martinez with one out in the fifth	True
After that , each time the Twins threatened , Zimmermann had an answer . John Ryan Murphy reached second on an error by right fielder J. D. Martinez with one out in the fifth before Zimmermann struck out Danny Santana and Brian Dozier to preserve the two - run cushion . Minnesota got its leadoff man on in the seventh	True
Pineda had won his previous three starts at Fenway Park , giving up just one earned run in each victory . That changed in the second inning when Betts dropped in a little flare down the right-field line for a double that scored Christian Vazquez and Bradley . Boston scored twice in the sixth	True
Pineda had won his previous three starts at Fenway Park , giving up just one earned run in each victory . That changed in the second inning when Betts dropped in a little flare down the right-field line for a double that scored Christian Vazquez and Bradley . Boston scored twice in the sixth . Ortiz added the fifth home run of his farewell season -- and second	False
Pineda had won his previous three starts at Fenway Park , giving up just one earned run in each victory . That changed in the second inning when Betts dropped in a little flare down the right-field line for a double that scored Christian Vazquez and Bradley . Boston scored twice in the sixth . Ortiz added the fifth home run of his farewell season -- and second in two nights against the Yankees -- in the seventh	True
The Mets are hoping this start can help Harvey return to his usual dominance . Addison Reed pitched a perfect ninth	True
After the homer by Cozart , who raised his average to .397 with a 2 - for - 4 performance , Ivan DeJesus Jr. singled off Harvey 's butt and onto the outfield grass . Harvey then stuck out Joey Votto , Eugenio Suarez and Devin Mesoraco to escape further damage . On a night when the Reds made three errors and the Mets two , New York went ahead in the first	True
Lucas Duda drove in Alejandro De Aza on a deep fly that bounced off left fielder Scott Schebler 's glove for a two - base error , and Walker singled in Duda . Cincinnati loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
Lucas Duda drove in Alejandro De Aza on a deep fly that bounced off left fielder Scott Schebler 's glove for a two - base error , and Walker singled in Duda . Cincinnati loaded the bases with one out in the third before Harvey struck out Suarez , and Walker dove to his right behind second	False
Cincinnati loaded the bases with one out in the third before Harvey struck out Suarez , and Walker dove to his right behind second to snare Mesoraco 's liner . Suarez 's run-scoring single in the fifth pulled the Reds to 3 - 2 , but Michael Conforto greeted Drew Hayes with a two - run double in the sixth	False
Belt likes to kid around before a lot of games that `` it 's a good day for a cycle . '' Jeff Samardzija ( 3 - 1 ) went 5 2/3 innings and snapped a tie with a two - run single for the Giants , who won their fifth	False
Thanks to Travis Shaw , Price led the whole way . Price matched his career high with 14 strikeouts , Shaw hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Price said he was n't thinking about his strikeout total . Price ( 3 - 0 ) allowed two runs on six hits in eight innings . The left-hander struck out the side in the eighth	True
Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said his lineup lacks home-run hitters . Shaw hit a three - run homer off Matt Wisler ( 0 - 2 ) in the first	True
Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez said his lineup lacks home-run hitters . Shaw hit a three - run homer off Matt Wisler ( 0 - 2 ) in the first and added a two - run double off Ryan Weber in Boston 's five - run ninth	True
While with Tampa Bay , Price also had 14 strikeouts at Toronto on Aug. 28 , 2011 . Xander Bogaerts had three hits , including a run-scoring double in the seventh	True
Rookie Aledmys Diaz had his first five - hit game , Jedd Gyorko and Jeremy Hazelbaker hit three - run homers and the Cardinals beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 2 on Saturday night . Diaz had a two - run double in the ninth	True
Rookie Aledmys Diaz had his first five - hit game , Jedd Gyorko and Jeremy Hazelbaker hit three - run homers and the Cardinals beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 2 on Saturday night . Diaz had a two - run double in the ninth , while Gyorko homered against his old team and Hazelbaker snapped an 0 - for - 17 slump . Gyorko and Stephen Piscotty each had three hits , and Piscotty hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
While all of Diaz 's hits stayed in the yard , Gyorko and Hazelbaker homered off Carlos Villanueva , who pitched for the Cardinals last year before signing with the Padres as a free agent . Gyorko , traded to the Cardinals for outfielder Jon Jay on Dec. 8 , reached the second deck in left field with a 436-foot shot , his third	False
While all of Diaz 's hits stayed in the yard , Gyorko and Hazelbaker homered off Carlos Villanueva , who pitched for the Cardinals last year before signing with the Padres as a free agent . Gyorko , traded to the Cardinals for outfielder Jon Jay on Dec. 8 , reached the second deck in left field with a 436-foot shot , his third , with one out in the eighth	True
Gyorko , traded to the Cardinals for outfielder Jon Jay on Dec. 8 , reached the second deck in left field with a 436-foot shot , his third , with one out in the eighth . Hazelbaker homered to right-center with one out in the seventh	True
Michael Wacha ( 2 - 0 ) and three relievers combined on a four - hitter . Kevin Quackenbush ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and one hit in 1 1/3 innings for the loss . He allowed a walk and a single in the seventh	True
Cesar Vargas made an impressive big league debut for the Padres , allowing just one run and five hits in five - plus innings , with three strikeouts and three walks . His only mistake was hanging a curveball that Piscotty drove into the seats in left field for his third homer to tie the game at 1 leading off the sixth	True
The 24-year-old Vargas was recalled from Double-A San Antonio to start in place of lefty Robbie Erlin , who was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a strained left elbow on Thursday , retroactive to Monday . Vargas , a native of Puebla , Mexico , signed as a major league free agent in November . He spent the previous seven seasons in the New York Yankees ' organization . San Diego 's Melvin Upton Jr. hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
The 24-year-old Vargas was recalled from Double-A San Antonio to start in place of lefty Robbie Erlin , who was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a strained left elbow on Thursday , retroactive to Monday . Vargas , a native of Puebla , Mexico , signed as a major league free agent in November . He spent the previous seven seasons in the New York Yankees ' organization . San Diego 's Melvin Upton Jr. hit a sacrifice fly in the first . After Piscotty homered , the Padres tied it in the bottom of the sixth	True
Not that it made much difference . Kershaw limited the Atlanta Braves to one run over eight innings despite giving up 10 hits , and the Los Angeles Dodgers pulled out a 2 - 1 victory Thursday on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI double in the 10th	True
Kershaw limited the Atlanta Braves to one run over eight innings despite giving up 10 hits , and the Los Angeles Dodgers pulled out a 2 - 1 victory Thursday on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI double in the 10th . Enrique Hernandez singled with one out against Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 1 ) and came around to score on Grandal 's shot off the center-field wall . Chris Hatcher ( 2 - 1 ) worked a scoreless ninth	True
Coming off his first career save , Matt Wisler allowed just four hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Braves , actually outpitching the three - time NL Cy Young Award winner . Both teams scored in the first	True
Kershaw came in with a 1.64 ERA , signaling the start of another overpowering season . This was a bit of a hiccup , marking only the fourth time in 246 career starts that he 's given up double-figure hits , though he did strike out 10 . He let loose something new to Tyler Flowers in the fourth	True
Over his first three starts of the season , the left-hander surrendered a total of 10 hits in 22 innings . The lowly Braves had plenty of chances , most notably squandering a base-loaded opportunity in the second	True
The lowly Braves had plenty of chances , most notably squandering a base-loaded opportunity in the second when Mallex Smith struck out and Wisler grounded into an inning-ending double play . Kershaw was thrown out at the plate to end the seventh	True
Kershaw was thrown out at the plate to end the seventh , denying the Dodgers a chance to pull ahead . The Dodgers challenged the call , which was upheld after a 4 1 - 2-minute video review . The Dodgers jumped ahead in the first	True
Kershaw was thrown out at the plate to end the seventh , denying the Dodgers a chance to pull ahead . The Dodgers challenged the call , which was upheld after a 4 1 - 2-minute video review . The Dodgers jumped ahead in the first off a throwing error by third baseman Adonis Garcia , who sailed it high and wide of first	False
Kershaw was thrown out at the plate to end the seventh , denying the Dodgers a chance to pull ahead . The Dodgers challenged the call , which was upheld after a 4 1 - 2-minute video review . The Dodgers jumped ahead in the first off a throwing error by third baseman Adonis Garcia , who sailed it high and wide of first after fielding Corey Seager 's grounder . Seager stole second	False
The Dodgers jumped ahead in the first off a throwing error by third baseman Adonis Garcia , who sailed it high and wide of first after fielding Corey Seager 's grounder . Seager stole second and came home on Joc Pederson 's two - out single . Atlanta quickly tied it up in the bottom half . Erick Aybar led off with a double down the left-field line , and Daniel Castro followed with another double to center field , the ball just out of reach of a lunging Pederson . Castro tried to stretch it into a triple , but he was thrown out at third	False
The Mets ' David Wright had high praise for Noah Syndergaard after the right-hander threw seven solid innings and touched 101 mph in the first inning . Wright connected in the first inning and hit another opposite-field shot to right in the ninth	True
Wright 's first drive halted Eickhoff 's streak of 18 1/3 scoreless innings at the Phillies ' home park . Five of Eickhoff 's 11 major league starts , and two of three this season , have come against the Mets . Philadelphia tied it in the third	True
Philadelphia tied it in the third on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single , but Syndergaard retired the next nine batters . The Mets regained the lead on Duda 's RBI double in the sixth	True
The Mets regained the lead on Duda 's RBI double in the sixth that went off the glove of diving left fielder David Lough , called up from Triple-A Lehigh Valley before the game . Philadelphia threatened in the bottom half with runners on first	False
The Mets regained the lead on Duda 's RBI double in the sixth that went off the glove of diving left fielder David Lough , called up from Triple-A Lehigh Valley before the game . Philadelphia threatened in the bottom half with runners on first and second	False
Philadelphia threatened in the bottom half with runners on first and second and two outs . Syndergaard reared back and blew a 100 mph fastball past Cameron Rupp to end the inning , much to the delight of the large contingent of Mets fans among the announced crowd of 21,585 . New York padded its lead in the eighth	True
Dan Straily made his first start of the season as the Reds reshuffle their rotation . They claimed him off waivers from Houston on April 1 and put him in the bullpen as their long reliever . Straily gave up one run and two hits in five innings , throwing 76 pitches . Nolan Arenado singled to open the second	True
Nolan Arenado singled to open the second and Paulsen followed with a walk . Brandon Barnes ' sacrifice bunt advanced the runners , and Arenado scored on Cristhian Adames ' groundout . The Reds tied it with an unearned run in the sixth	True
The Rockies took two of three for their first series win at Wrigley since 2011 . The Cubs were trying to reach 10 wins in the first 12 games for the first time since 1969 . Chatwood , Miguel Castro and Jake McGee combined to hold the Cubs to three hits . Chicago had been averaging 6.45 runs per game , second	False
Chatwood , Miguel Castro and Jake McGee combined to hold the Cubs to three hits . Chicago had been averaging 6.45 runs per game , second in the majors . The Cubs tried to come back in the ninth	True
Chatwood threw 100 pitches in his third start since April 29 , 2014 . Arenado hit a two - out homer into the left-field basket off Jon Lester ( 1 - 1 ) in the fourth	True
Chatwood threw 100 pitches in his third start since April 29 , 2014 . Arenado hit a two - out homer into the left-field basket off Jon Lester ( 1 - 1 ) in the fourth and a two - out drive off Justin Grimm in the ninth	True
Arenado hit a two - out homer into the left-field basket off Jon Lester ( 1 - 1 ) in the fourth and a two - out drive off Justin Grimm in the ninth . He has six home runs this season and seven career multihomer games . The Rockies had four hits against Lester , who struck out 10 in 7 1/3 innings . He also led off the sixth	True
The Rockies had four hits against Lester , who struck out 10 in 7 1/3 innings . He also led off the sixth with a double -- his first career extra-base hit -- to make him 5 for 100 at the plate . Chatwood retired the first 14 hitters , striking out six , until Jorge Soler drew a two - out walk in the fifth	True
Kiermaier ended an 0 - for - 19 slide with a double his first time up . Forsythe hit a leadoff double in the third	True
Kiermaier ended an 0 - for - 19 slide with a double his first time up . Forsythe hit a leadoff double in the third , went to third	False
Forsythe hit a leadoff double in the third , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Guyer 's single . Guyer scored to make it 3 - 1 when Quintana was charged with an error after missing first base with his foot while covering the bag on Logan Morrison 's two - out grounder . Avisail Garcia ended Moore 's day with an RBI single in the seventh	True
Avisail Garcia ended Moore 's day with an RBI single in the seventh that cut the Chicago deficit to 3 - 2 . Steve Pearce put the Rays up 1 - 0 on an RBI double in the first	True
Steve Pearce put the Rays up 1 - 0 on an RBI double in the first . Austin Jackson , hitless in his previous 12 at-bats , tied it at 1 with a single in the third	True
J. J. Hoover allowed a two - run homer to Brandon Moss before finishing for his first save . Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) retired his first eight before Reds starter Brandon Finnegan ( 1 - 0 ) singled with two outs in the third	True
Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) retired his first eight before Reds starter Brandon Finnegan ( 1 - 0 ) singled with two outs in the third . The two - time 20-game winner was charged with seven runs in 5 1/3 innings and has struggled mightily with an 8.27 ERA after missing most of 2015 with a torn left Achilles . The Reds tied it on Phillips ' RBI double in the fifth	True
Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) retired his first eight before Reds starter Brandon Finnegan ( 1 - 0 ) singled with two outs in the third . The two - time 20-game winner was charged with seven runs in 5 1/3 innings and has struggled mightily with an 8.27 ERA after missing most of 2015 with a torn left Achilles . The Reds tied it on Phillips ' RBI double in the fifth and got RBI doubles from Eugenio Suarez and Phillips in a four - run sixth	True
Wainwright ( 0 - 2 ) retired his first eight before Reds starter Brandon Finnegan ( 1 - 0 ) singled with two outs in the third . The two - time 20-game winner was charged with seven runs in 5 1/3 innings and has struggled mightily with an 8.27 ERA after missing most of 2015 with a torn left Achilles . The Reds tied it on Phillips ' RBI double in the fifth and got RBI doubles from Eugenio Suarez and Phillips in a four - run sixth that made it 8 - 4 . Cozart had three hits and two RBI , and Bruce hit his third homer off Jonathan Broxton in the ninth	False
Cincinnati tied a franchise record with nine doubles , also accomplished May 19 , 1999 , at Colorado . That total tied for the most at 11-year-old Busch Stadium , with the Cardinals doing it against the Cubs on July 21 , 2012 . Finnegan gave up four runs in five innings , none of them earned due to center fielder Scott Schebler 's error in the second	True
Colby Rasmus provided the offense with an RBI single to back up Keuchel 's gem , and the Astros snapped a three - game skid with a 1 - 0 win over the Tigers on Friday night . Luke Gregerson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Rasmus gave Houston a 1 - 0 lead with an RBI single with one out in the first inning . Pelfrey 's second walk of the inning loaded the bases after that , but he retired Evan Gattis and Carlos Gomez to limit the damage . Keuchel had retired 11 straight before a single by J. D. Martinez with one out in the seventh inning . But he got right back on track as Nick Castellanos grounded into a force out that left Martinez out at second	False
Rasmus gave Houston a 1 - 0 lead with an RBI single with one out in the first inning . Pelfrey 's second walk of the inning loaded the bases after that , but he retired Evan Gattis and Carlos Gomez to limit the damage . Keuchel had retired 11 straight before a single by J. D. Martinez with one out in the seventh inning . But he got right back on track as Nick Castellanos grounded into a force out that left Martinez out at second before he retired Jarrod Saltalamacchia to end the inning . He walked Jose Iglesias with one out in the eighth	True
Keuchel had retired 11 straight before a single by J. D. Martinez with one out in the seventh inning . But he got right back on track as Nick Castellanos grounded into a force out that left Martinez out at second before he retired Jarrod Saltalamacchia to end the inning . He walked Jose Iglesias with one out in the eighth , but sat down Ian Kinsler and Justin Upton to finish his night . There was plenty of traffic on the bases for Houston thanks in large part to the many walks Pelfrey allowed . But the Astros were unable to add to their lead because the Tigers turned double plays to end the second	True
Keuchel had retired 11 straight before a single by J. D. Martinez with one out in the seventh inning . But he got right back on track as Nick Castellanos grounded into a force out that left Martinez out at second before he retired Jarrod Saltalamacchia to end the inning . He walked Jose Iglesias with one out in the eighth , but sat down Ian Kinsler and Justin Upton to finish his night . There was plenty of traffic on the bases for Houston thanks in large part to the many walks Pelfrey allowed . But the Astros were unable to add to their lead because the Tigers turned double plays to end the second , third	True
De La Rosa ( 1 - 1 ) allowed four runs -- three earned -- struck out seven and walked one in 6 2/3 innings to win his 49th game at Coors Field . He was coming off a Saturday outing against San Diego in which he gave up seven runs in four innings . Brandon Belt homered for the second straight game for the Giants , who are dealing with multiple injuries after this series . Reliever Sergio Romo , who flew back to San Francisco to get his sore elbow examined , was diagnosed with a strained right flexor tendon . Shortstop Brandon Crawford left the game in the seventh	True
Brandon Belt homered for the second straight game for the Giants , who are dealing with multiple injuries after this series . Reliever Sergio Romo , who flew back to San Francisco to get his sore elbow examined , was diagnosed with a strained right flexor tendon . Shortstop Brandon Crawford left the game in the seventh with a sore left hip . Catcher Buster Posey returned to the lineup after missing two games with a bruised right foot . He left the game in the bottom of the seventh	True
The Giants might have felt better by winning the series , but De La Rosa was tough on their lineup . He did n't give up a hit through the first three innings to keep up with San Francisco starter Matt Cain , who retired 12 of his first 13 batters . De La Rosa 's bases-loaded wild pitch put San Francisco ahead in the fourth	True
De La Rosa 's bases-loaded wild pitch put San Francisco ahead in the fourth , and two defensive gems by third baseman Nolan Arenado and another by first baseman Mark Reynolds prevented more runs . Colorado then scored nine runs in the fifth	True
De La Rosa 's bases-loaded wild pitch put San Francisco ahead in the fourth , and two defensive gems by third baseman Nolan Arenado and another by first baseman Mark Reynolds prevented more runs . Colorado then scored nine runs in the fifth , when Gerardo Parra led off with his first homer for the Rockies . Reynolds had two doubles , the second	False
Cain allowed six runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , and Colorado scored three more runs off Chris Heston . The nine runs were the Rockies ' most in one inning against San Francisco . San Francisco chased De La Rosa in its three - run seventh	True
San Francisco chased De La Rosa in its three - run seventh and loaded the bases against Justin Miller . Posey had a chance to make it a one - run game with a home run but grounded out . Belt 's two - run homer in the eighth -- awarded after video review -- made it 9 - 6 , but Carlos Gonzalez answered with a two - run double in the bottom half . Gonzalez pumped his fist in celebration after trotting into second	False
It was n't just a pitcher giving dues to his teammates . On a night when Holland shut down Seattle 's lineup and Adrian Beltre drove in five runs , the Rangers defense came away with one impressive play after another in an 8 - 0 victory over the Mariners . Nomar Mazara , three games into his major league career , led the way with a pair of incredible catches in right field . The first	False
It was n't just a pitcher giving dues to his teammates . On a night when Holland shut down Seattle 's lineup and Adrian Beltre drove in five runs , the Rangers defense came away with one impressive play after another in an 8 - 0 victory over the Mariners . Nomar Mazara , three games into his major league career , led the way with a pair of incredible catches in right field . The first was a diving grab in the corner to rob Chris Iannetta in the second inning on a ball that might have scored a runner from first	False
It was n't just a pitcher giving dues to his teammates . On a night when Holland shut down Seattle 's lineup and Adrian Beltre drove in five runs , the Rangers defense came away with one impressive play after another in an 8 - 0 victory over the Mariners . Nomar Mazara , three games into his major league career , led the way with a pair of incredible catches in right field . The first was a diving grab in the corner to rob Chris Iannetta in the second inning on a ball that might have scored a runner from first if it dropped . Mazara 's encore came the next inning when he sprinted to right-center to glove a flyball at the last second	False
With the defense making plays , Holland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up only four hits in 6 2/3 innings , three of which were of the infield variety and the other a broken-bat blooper . The left-hander also struck out four and walked two . Beltre provided Holland some breathing room when he golfed a third-inning homer that barely cleared the fence in left field . That made it 5 - 0 , and Beltre added a two - run double in the seventh	True
Diaz is batting .533 after becoming the first Cardinals rookie with a two - double performance among his first five games . Backed by a lineup that had 10 extra-base hits , Michael Wacha had a nine - run cushion in the third	True
Backed by a lineup that had 10 extra-base hits , Michael Wacha had a nine - run cushion in the third and allowed four hits in six scoreless innings . Yadier Molina had three hits , two RBI and an uncontested steal off starter Taylor Jungmann ( 0 - 1 ) in second	True
Mike Trout got his first two RBI of the season and Albert Pujols singled home a run for Los Angeles , which bounced back after losing two in a row . Weaver ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run and six hits in his 139th career win -- passing Nolan Ryan for second	False
Weaver also improved to 11 - 0 with a 2.22 ERA in 18 career starts against the Rangers at Angel Stadium . The defending AL West champions put two men on base in three of the first four innings , helping run Weaver 's pitch count up to 64 . In the fourth	True
Weaver also improved to 11 - 0 with a 2.22 ERA in 18 career starts against the Rangers at Angel Stadium . The defending AL West champions put two men on base in three of the first four innings , helping run Weaver 's pitch count up to 64 . In the fourth , the three - time All-Star struck out Bryan Holaday with runners to second	False
Weaver also improved to 11 - 0 with a 2.22 ERA in 18 career starts against the Rangers at Angel Stadium . The defending AL West champions put two men on base in three of the first four innings , helping run Weaver 's pitch count up to 64 . In the fourth , the three - time All-Star struck out Bryan Holaday with runners to second and third	False
The defending AL West champions put two men on base in three of the first four innings , helping run Weaver 's pitch count up to 64 . In the fourth , the three - time All-Star struck out Bryan Holaday with runners to second and third . Fernando Salas and Joe Smith each pitched a scoreless inning before Huston Street worked a perfect ninth	True
Fernando Salas and Joe Smith each pitched a scoreless inning before Huston Street worked a perfect ninth for his first save . Texas left-hander Martin Perez ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with three runs , seven hits and a career-worst five walks in 6 1/3 innings . Two of the hits were on line-drive singles off his body by Andrelton Simmons in the second	True
Fernando Salas and Joe Smith each pitched a scoreless inning before Huston Street worked a perfect ninth for his first save . Texas left-hander Martin Perez ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with three runs , seven hits and a career-worst five walks in 6 1/3 innings . Two of the hits were on line-drive singles off his body by Andrelton Simmons in the second and Yunel Escobar in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre homered and doubled twice for the Rangers , but they lost catcher Robinson Chirinos to a broken right forearm midway through the game . Shawn Tolleson pitched the ninth	True
Garrett Richards ( 0 - 2 ) gave up two earned runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . Beltre , who turned 37 years old on Thursday , gave the defending AL West champions a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Garrett Richards ( 0 - 2 ) gave up two earned runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . Beltre , who turned 37 years old on Thursday , gave the defending AL West champions a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth with a leadoff homer . It was his first	False
Beltre has 36 homers , 137 career RBI and 233 hits against the Angels , his highest totals against one club . The Rangers made it 4 - 1 in the seventh	True
Beltre has 36 homers , 137 career RBI and 233 hits against the Angels , his highest totals against one club . The Rangers made it 4 - 1 in the seventh with Bryan Holaday 's RBI double and Rougned Odor 's run-scoring single against Jose Alvarez . Holaday had taken over in the fifth	True
Boston has scored six or more runs in each of its first three games , the first time it has done so since 1995 . Toronto 's Marcus Stroman left after Xander Bogaerts ' double and walks to Ortiz and Travis Shaw loaded the bases in the sixth	True
Holt was n't sure he 'd done enough to clear the fence but figured he 'd get at least a double . Holt also hit an RBI double in the second	True
Holt also hit an RBI double in the second . After Dustin Pedroia and Bogaerts hit back-to-back singles off Drew Storen ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
After Dustin Pedroia and Bogaerts hit back-to-back singles off Drew Storen ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh , Brett Cecil came on and gave up a tying single to Ortiz , then a go-ahead single to Hanley Ramirez . Toronto chased Red Sox right-hander Joe Kelly with a six - run fourth	True
Mattingly 's explanation ? While Phelps ( 1 - 0 ) replaced Adam Conley after a thunderstorm in the second	True
Bryce Harper was presented with his 2015 NL MVP and Silver Slugger trophies , along with a key to the city by Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser , during pregame festivities . In the seventh inning , he hit his second homer of 2016 , a no-doubt-about-it solo shot off Bryan Morris . Harper then flied out to deep center to open the ninth	True
Syndergaard ( 1 - 0 ) was the only pitcher to beat Kansas City in the World Series last year . The rookie won Game 3 after intentionally firing his first pitch above Alcides Escobar 's head , angering the Royals . Escobar started this one with a triple , but then Syndergaard struck out the next three batters and retired 12 straight before Kendrys Morales ' double opened the fifth	True
Last fall , Syndergaard said if the Royals had a problem with his purpose pitch to Escobar they were welcome to charge the mound . There was talk Kansas City would seek retribution during the season-opening interleague series , but no trouble ensued . Syndergaard pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the sixth	True
The Royals went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Mets acquired Walker in a December trade with Pittsburgh . He homered off Chris Young ( 0 - 1 ) in the fourth	True
Young was pulled after five innings and 93 pitches , allowing three hits and three walks while striking out four . The Mets loaded the bases in the seventh	True
The Mets loaded the bases in the seventh on two walks and a single , but Luke Hochevar retired Cespedes on a fly ball to Escobar to end the threat . Jeurys Familia , who blew all three save opportunities he had in the 2015 World Series , pitched a spotless ninth	True
Cueto ( 1 - 0 ) was the centerpiece of San Francisco 's offseason rotation overhaul when he signed a six - year , $ 130 million deal after winning a championship with the Kansas City Royals . He picked up where he left off in the postseason , throwing his fastball effectively and varying his pitching motion to keep the Brewers baffled . He scattered six hits and struck out four . Brandon Crawford homered for the Giants and saved another run with a sharp defensive play . Sergio Romo pitched the eighth	True
Cueto capped an up-and-down season last year with a superb World Series performance for the Royals , allowing one run while tossing a two - hitter in Game 2 to set the stage for his big payday . He retired nine straight during one stretch , allowing Milwaukee 's only run when Ramon Flores hit into a double play with runners on the corners in the second	True
Price set the tone for Boston 's reconfigured bullpen and he and three relievers did n't allow a hit after the fifth inning and retired 16 of the last 18 Cleveland hitters . Ortiz began his final season with a bang , connecting for his 504th homer in the ninth	True
Ortiz batted just .178 during spring training , but he 's locked in now that games matter . Boston 's Mookie Betts homered in the second	True
Monday 's opener was postponed before the gates opened in Progressive Field , where the wind chill dipped temperatures into the upper teens . It was warmer -- 34 degrees -- and sunny when Kluber fired his first pitch to Betts , but there also thousands of empty seats as many fans could n't afford to take a second day off work . Price did n't disappoint Boston 's faithful , who envision him turning the Red Sox back into a power . He did n't allow a hit until the fourth	True
Boston 's win was also meaningful to manager John Farrell , who left the club last season after he was diagnosed with cancer . The Red Sox broke a 2 - 2 tie in the sixth	True
The Red Sox broke a 2 - 2 tie in the sixth on Brock Holt 's RBI single and Kluber 's wild pitch . Betts struck out leading off the first	True
The Red Sox broke a 2 - 2 tie in the sixth on Brock Holt 's RBI single and Kluber 's wild pitch . Betts struck out leading off the first , but Boston 's right fielder did n't miss one of Kluber 's sliders in the third	True
After Jackie Bradley singled , Betts connected on a 1 - 1 pitch , driving it into the left-field bleachers . It was the second straight season Betts has homered in the opener . He hit a solo shot last season in a win at Philadelphia . The Indians scored twice to tie it in the fourth	True
The Indians scored twice to tie it in the fourth off Price , who coasted through three innings and was threatening to turn his initial outing for Boston into something historic . He struck out six and easily handled a Cleveland lineup missing its best hitter , injured outfielder Michael Brantley . Yan Gomes hit an RBI single and Marlon Byrd added a sacrifice fly for Cleveland in the fourth	True
Paul Goldschmidt drove in four runs with a solo homer and a bases-loaded triple , and the Diamondbacks stormed back from a four - run deficit to beat the Colorado Rockies 11 - 6 . Trevor Story hit the third home run of his two - game major league career to start a six - run Colorado fourth	True
Arizona 's Jean Segura drove in three runs with a homer and a triple . Nick Ahmed added a pair of RBI singles . Miller threw two hitless innings after the six - run fourth	True
Miller threw two hitless innings after the six - run fourth . The Rockies led 6 - 2 after their big inning but Arizona came back with three in the sixth	True
Miller threw two hitless innings after the six - run fourth . The Rockies led 6 - 2 after their big inning but Arizona came back with three in the sixth and six in the seventh	False
Miller threw two hitless innings after the six - run fourth . The Rockies led 6 - 2 after their big inning but Arizona came back with three in the sixth and six in the seventh . Ahmed singled in the go-ahead run in the seventh	False
The Rockies led 6 - 2 after their big inning but Arizona came back with three in the sixth and six in the seventh . Ahmed singled in the go-ahead run in the seventh and Chris Owings brought another home with a pinch-hit single before Goldschmidt cleared the bases with his triple to deep left-center off Jason Gurka . Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 0 ) threw a perfect seventh	True
CINCINNATI -- Joey Votto did n't show up for his pregame introduction . He was n't much at the plate , either . With the game tied in the eighth	True
Zack Cozart had three hits and a tying sacrifice fly in the eighth inning , and Votto followed with a bases-loaded single that sent the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies in a Monday opener matching the majors ' worst teams last season . The Reds scored five times in the eighth	True
Ross Ohlendorf ( 1 - 0 ) got the win for fanning the only batter he faced . Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer , and Jeremy Hellickson allowed only three hits -- all by Cozart -- in six innings to keep the Phillies ahead until the eighth	True
Sale did n't get his opening day start last season , when Jeff Samardzija took the ball after Sale was slowed by a broken right foot . The left-hander went on to finish 13 - 11 with a team-record 274 strikeouts . He did n't allow a runner Monday until Stephen Vogt beat out an infield single with one out in the third	True
Sale ( 1 - 0 ) went seven innings . He gave up three runs and seven hits with one walk . White Sox closer David Robertson allowed Coco Crisp 's leadoff walk in the ninth	True
White Sox closer David Robertson allowed Coco Crisp 's leadoff walk in the ninth and then finished with three straight outs for the save , preserving Sale 's first victory at the Oakland Coliseum in five outings and three starts . Jed Lowrie hit a two - run single and Billy Butler had a pair of doubles for the A 's . Lowrie drew a leadoff walk in the eighth	True
A 's lefty Rich Hill ( 0 - 1 ) made a forgettable Oakland debut in his first career opening day start . It lasted just 2 2/3 innings after he replaced Gray . Hill plunked Eaton with his first pitch and hit Jose Abreu two batters later , but escaped unscathed with a pickoff of Eaton at second	False
Mets starter Matt Harvey pitched better on Sunday than he did this spring in Florida , but he still took the loss . The Mets rallied for three runs off Joakim Soria in the eighth	True
Mets starter Matt Harvey pitched better on Sunday than he did this spring in Florida , but he still took the loss . The Mets rallied for three runs off Joakim Soria in the eighth , then put runners on the corners with one out against Wade Davis in the ninth	True
Cespedes , the Gold Glove outfielder whose shoddy fielding hurt the Mets in the Series , dropped an easy fly ball in the first inning that ultimately led to the Royals ' opening run . Kansas City then strung together a couple of singles before Kendrys Morales popped a sacrifice fly to center in the fourth	True
Cespedes , the Gold Glove outfielder whose shoddy fielding hurt the Mets in the Series , dropped an easy fly ball in the first inning that ultimately led to the Royals ' opening run . Kansas City then strung together a couple of singles before Kendrys Morales popped a sacrifice fly to center in the fourth , and Alex Gordon and Omar Infante added two - out RBI singles in the sixth	True
Volquez and the Kansas City defense had things well in hand by that point . The right-hander escaped a jam by getting Travis d'Arnaud to ground out in the second inning , then watched first baseman Eric Hosmer make a nice diving stop to escape a sticky spot in the third	True
Volquez and the Kansas City defense had things well in hand by that point . The right-hander escaped a jam by getting Travis d'Arnaud to ground out in the second inning , then watched first baseman Eric Hosmer make a nice diving stop to escape a sticky spot in the third . All-Star catcher Salvador Perez threw out Michael Conforto trying to steal second base to end the fourth	True
Todd Frazier 's two - run drive was his 16th homer this season , and the White Sox got four innings of scoreless relief from their beleaguered bullpen to win for only the fifth time in 20 games . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who led 4 - 0 after three innings . But rookie Steven Matz , trying to win his eighth consecutive start , suddenly faded in the sixth	True
Neil Walker hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who led 4 - 0 after three innings . But rookie Steven Matz , trying to win his eighth consecutive start , suddenly faded in the sixth and gave up three quick runs . Melky Cabrera drew a leadoff walk in the eighth	False
Zach Putnam , Dan Jennings ( 2 - 1 ) , Nate Jones and David Robertson each worked a spotless inning in relief of White Sox starter Mat Latos , charged with two earned runs and four hits in five innings . Robertson struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Yoenis Cespedes and Curtis Granderson had sacrifice flies for New York . Each followed an error by Frazier at third base in the first two innings . Saladino , who reached safely all four times up , walked with two outs in the sixth	True
Yoenis Cespedes and Curtis Granderson had sacrifice flies for New York . Each followed an error by Frazier at third base in the first two innings . Saladino , who reached safely all four times up , walked with two outs in the sixth and stole second	False
Yoenis Cespedes and Curtis Granderson had sacrifice flies for New York . Each followed an error by Frazier at third base in the first two innings . Saladino , who reached safely all four times up , walked with two outs in the sixth and stole second and third	False
The win ended a three - game losing streak by Colorado and it ended a four - game winning streak for the Red Sox . Bradley 's major league-best streak was halted when he went 0 for 4 after moving up to the leadoff spot for the first time this season . Gray ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a two - run home run to David Ortiz in the first	True
The win ended a three - game losing streak by Colorado and it ended a four - game winning streak for the Red Sox . Bradley 's major league-best streak was halted when he went 0 for 4 after moving up to the leadoff spot for the first time this season . Gray ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a two - run home run to David Ortiz in the first , but pitched six scoreless innings before leaving in the eighth	True
Gray ( 2 - 2 ) gave up a two - run home run to David Ortiz in the first , but pitched six scoreless innings before leaving in the eighth . The performance came in his first start since giving up a career-worst nine runs in a 13 - 7 loss May 19 , at St. Louis . Thursday marked the first time this season any Red Sox player besides Mookie Betts had led off a game . He had the night off , before pinch-hitting in the ninth	True
Gray was unfazed by the shuffle . He was steady throughout the night , mixing his pitches and scattering five hits while striking out six . He got Bradley out by mixing in some changeups , which Bradley later acknowledged caught him off guard . Clay Buchholz ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss . He pitched three perfect innings before things came apart in the fourth	True
While Bradley 's streak ended , teammate Xander Bogaerts managed to extend his hitting streak to 19 games , which takes over as the longest in the majors . Bradley just missed a home run to right field in his first at-bat , and grounded out on his second plate appearance of the night . He flied out to center in the fifth	True
Bradley just missed a home run to right field in his first at-bat , and grounded out on his second plate appearance of the night . He flied out to center in the fifth . The Fenway Park crowd roared when he came to the plate to lead off the eighth	True
After a slow start , the Red Sox got back into the recent offensive groove that has propelled them this season . Bogaerts led off the fourth	True
Bogaerts led off the fourth with his home run to get Boston on the board . Later , Bradley lined Bettis ' first pitch of his at-bat through the left side of the infield to extend his streak . Shaw followed with an RBI single , and Swihart kept things going later with his two - run triple to put Boston up 4 - 2 . The Red Sox added three more in the fifth	True
A passed ball and wild pitch in the second inning helped set up an RBI groundout by Mark Reynolds that put the Rockies up 1 - 0 . Hanigan nearly tied it in the third	True
Hanigan nearly tied it in the third with an apparent home run to right field , but a review ruled it foul . He exited an inning later and was replaced by Christian Vasquez due to illness . Dustin Pedroia was replaced in the fifth	True
Hanigan nearly tied it in the third with an apparent home run to right field , but a review ruled it foul . He exited an inning later and was replaced by Christian Vasquez due to illness . Dustin Pedroia was replaced in the fifth by Marco Hernandez for precautionary reasons after experiencing right hamstring tightness while running to second	False
Dustin Pedroia was replaced in the fifth by Marco Hernandez for precautionary reasons after experiencing right hamstring tightness while running to second on a double . Bogaerts got treatment for a cut to his thumb after tagging a runner out in the eighth	True
Gattis hit a two - run homer and Luis Valbuena had a tiebreaking solo shot in the sixth inning that gave the Astros a 4 - 3 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night . Baltimore tied the score 3 - 3 with a two - run sixth	True
Gattis , who missed the first two weeks of the season recovering from sports hernia surgery , hit just one homer in the 20 games before his trip the minors after leading the Astros with 27 home runs last season . Houston starter Collin McHugh allowed three runs and eight hits while striking out a season-high 10 in 5 1/3 innings . Pat Neshek ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the sixth	True
Gattis , who missed the first two weeks of the season recovering from sports hernia surgery , hit just one homer in the 20 games before his trip the minors after leading the Astros with 27 home runs last season . Houston starter Collin McHugh allowed three runs and eight hits while striking out a season-high 10 in 5 1/3 innings . Pat Neshek ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the sixth , and Luke Gregerson allowed one hit in a scoreless ninth	True
Manny Machado does n't think the Orioles are pressing at the plate despite the excessive strikeouts the past two games . Machado and Jonathan Schoop hit consecutive doubles in the first	True
Manny Machado does n't think the Orioles are pressing at the plate despite the excessive strikeouts the past two games . Machado and Jonathan Schoop hit consecutive doubles in the first , and George Springer 's RBI single tied the score in the third	True
Machado and Jonathan Schoop hit consecutive doubles in the first , and George Springer 's RBI single tied the score in the third . Colby Rasmus reached on Wilson 's error in the fourth	True
Colby Rasmus reached on Wilson 's error in the fourth , and Gattis homered into the left-field seats for a 3 - 1 lead . Chris Davis and Trumbo hit consecutive singles starting the sixth	True
LOS ANGELES -- Yasiel Puig 's failure to run out a single in the sixth inning drew the ire of Dodgers manager Dave Roberts and got him pulled from the game . Puig was hitless in his first two at-bats before singling during the Dodgers ' two - run sixth	True
Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig was apologetic after he was benched for failing to run hard out of the batter 's box on a deep fly ball to right that caromed off the wall in Tuesday 's 8 - 2 win . Roberts was visibly upset in the dugout before replacing Puig with pinch-hitter Carl Crawford in the eighth	True
Roberts was visibly upset in the dugout before replacing Puig with pinch-hitter Carl Crawford in the eighth . Roberts insisted there was no carry over from Puig 's base-running gaffe in Sunday 's 17-inning win at San Diego . The Cuban hit a leadoff single in the ninth	True
Roberts was visibly upset in the dugout before replacing Puig with pinch-hitter Carl Crawford in the eighth . Roberts insisted there was no carry over from Puig 's base-running gaffe in Sunday 's 17-inning win at San Diego . The Cuban hit a leadoff single in the ninth , took second	False
Roberts was visibly upset in the dugout before replacing Puig with pinch-hitter Carl Crawford in the eighth . Roberts insisted there was no carry over from Puig 's base-running gaffe in Sunday 's 17-inning win at San Diego . The Cuban hit a leadoff single in the ninth , took second on a wild pitch , but did n't take third	False
Roberts insisted there was no carry over from Puig 's base-running gaffe in Sunday 's 17-inning win at San Diego . The Cuban hit a leadoff single in the ninth , took second on a wild pitch , but did n't take third on A. J. Ellis ' bunt even though it was open . Puig said he did n't run because he was confused . Joc Pederson doubled in the tying run and then scored the go-ahead run on a throwing error in the fourth	True
Mike Bolsinger ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings of a spot start , having been brought back from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Monday in place of injured Chin-hui Tsao , who went on the 15-day disabled list . Bolsinger struck out six and walked one . The Reds lost their season-high ninth	False
Joey Votto went 1 for 4 with a strikeout for the Reds . Trayce Thompson singled leading off the fourth	True
Trayce Thompson singled leading off the fourth and scored on Pederson 's double to tie the game 2-all . Pederson stole third base and scored on Barnhart 's throwing error after the ball sailed into left field . The Dodgers added two runs in the sixth	True
After another heartbreaker Monday , the Chicago Cubs have eight losses in 12 games , but worried is n't the right word yet . Matt Adams tied the score with a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Adams drove a high change-up to straight-away center to revive what was a stagnant offense against Lackey . It was Adams ' second pinch-hit homer this season and he 's hitting .500 off the bench . Trevor Rosenthal ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Lackey gave up three runs in seven economical innings . He struck out nine while throwing just 87 pitches . Miguel Montero 's second single of the game tied it at 1 - 1 in the fourth	True
Miguel Montero 's second single of the game tied it at 1 - 1 in the fourth , breaking a 26-inning scoreless streak Wainwright had against the Cubs dating back to May 13 , 2014 . Javier Baez followed with a bunt , but was awarded an infield single after Cardinals second baseman Kolten Wong failed to backup first	False
Javier Baez followed with a bunt , but was awarded an infield single after Cardinals second baseman Kolten Wong failed to backup first on the play , setting up a fielder 's choice from Addison Russell that made it 2 - 1 Cubs . Anthony Rizzo drove in his 35th run of the year with a broken-bat single in the fifth	True
Anthony Rizzo drove in his 35th run of the year with a broken-bat single in the fifth . Aledmys Diaz gave the Cardinals ' an early lead with a sacrifice fly in the third	True
It was the third game in which Tanaka has pitched on five days of rest . He has a 1.57 ERA in those games compared to the 5.68 mark he has when pitching with fewer days off . Castro was in a 3 - for - 22 funk before he reached on an infield single as part of New York 's four - run fourth	True
It was the third game in which Tanaka has pitched on five days of rest . He has a 1.57 ERA in those games compared to the 5.68 mark he has when pitching with fewer days off . Castro was in a 3 - for - 22 funk before he reached on an infield single as part of New York 's four - run fourth . The veteran second baseman also singled in the fifth	True
It was the third game in which Tanaka has pitched on five days of rest . He has a 1.57 ERA in those games compared to the 5.68 mark he has when pitching with fewer days off . Castro was in a 3 - for - 22 funk before he reached on an infield single as part of New York 's four - run fourth . The veteran second baseman also singled in the fifth , and then doubled in Ronald Torreyes for an insurance run in the seventh	True
Castro was in a 3 - for - 22 funk before he reached on an infield single as part of New York 's four - run fourth . The veteran second baseman also singled in the fifth , and then doubled in Ronald Torreyes for an insurance run in the seventh . Beltran had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Tanaka and reliever Nick Goody made it hold to help the Yankees move out of last place in the AL East for the first time since April 18 . Tanaka retired seven of the first eight and pitched out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the sixth	True
Goody retired six batters to complete the six - hitter . The A 's scored their only run off Tanaka in the fifth	True
Tyler Thornburg got his first big league save , walking his first two batters before striking out Javier Baez , retiring Fowler on a flyout and fanning Jason Heyward . Miguel Montero , in an 0 - for - 20 slide , had an RBI single in the second	True
Tyler Thornburg got his first big league save , walking his first two batters before striking out Javier Baez , retiring Fowler on a flyout and fanning Jason Heyward . Miguel Montero , in an 0 - for - 20 slide , had an RBI single in the second , but Nieuwenhuis scored on a wild pitch in the bottom half and Carter , in a 4 - for - 23 slump , tied the score with his 12th homer , a leadoff drive in the fourth	True
Miguel Montero , in an 0 - for - 20 slide , had an RBI single in the second , but Nieuwenhuis scored on a wild pitch in the bottom half and Carter , in a 4 - for - 23 slump , tied the score with his 12th homer , a leadoff drive in the fourth . Nieuwenhuis hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Miguel Montero , in an 0 - for - 20 slide , had an RBI single in the second , but Nieuwenhuis scored on a wild pitch in the bottom half and Carter , in a 4 - for - 23 slump , tied the score with his 12th homer , a leadoff drive in the fourth . Nieuwenhuis hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Montero cut the gap to 4 - 3 in the seventh	False
Nieuwenhuis hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Montero cut the gap to 4 - 3 in the seventh when he tripled and came home on Guerra 's wild pitch . Hernan Perez had an RBI single against Trevor Cahill in the eighth	False
Polanco hit a two - run home off Mike Foltynewicz and later tripled and scored as the Pirates raced by the Atlanta Braves 8 - 2 on Thursday night for their fourth win in five games . The 24-year-old Polanco is hitting .461 ( 12 for 26 ) in his last seven games , including his long drive to left center in the second	True
The 24-year-old Polanco is hitting .461 ( 12 for 26 ) in his last seven games , including his long drive to left center in the second , a spot in PNC Park few left-handed batters reach . Speed too . Polanco led off the fifth	True
Speed too . Polanco led off the fifth with a triple to right-center while hitting behind star Andrew McCutchen , a spot Polanco suddenly looks very comfortable in . John Jaso went 3 for 4 with a triple , an RBI and two runs scored for the Pirates , who scored 29 runs while taking three of four from the Braves . Jaso led off the bottom of the first	True
The leadoff hitter in the St. Louis batting order , Carpenter homered and drove in a career-high six runs to lead the Cardinals to a 13 - 7 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Thursday night . Having Aledmys Diaz in the top third	False
It was Carpenter who did the heavy lifting this time . He smashed a three - run homer in the eighth inning and also had a bases-loaded double in the fourth	True
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny shook up his batting order , placing Stephen Piscotty in the cleanup spot for only the third time this season . He also moved Aledmys Diaz into the No . 2 hole for the first time . Matt Adams drove in four runs with two - run singles in the first	True
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny shook up his batting order , placing Stephen Piscotty in the cleanup spot for only the third time this season . He also moved Aledmys Diaz into the No . 2 hole for the first time . Matt Adams drove in four runs with two - run singles in the first and fourth	True
Piscotty added three hits and drove in two runs . Trevor Story hit his 12th home run of the season for the Rockies , a solo shot in the seventh	True
Adams had a two - run single to highlight a three - run first inning . He triggered the big fourth inning with a two - run single that pushed the lead to 10 - 6 . Carpenter 's two - run double in the fourth	True
Carpenter 's two - run double in the fourth had tied the game 6 - 6 . Diaz then put the Cardinals ahead to stay with a run-scoring single . Colorado scored four times in the fourth	True
The Cubs came in with a major-league leading 27 - 9 mark , but Anderson used near perfect execution to hold them down . Ben Zobrist ended Anderson 's no-hit bid with a double to the center field wall on the first pitch of the eighth	True
Anderson was perfect through 5 1/3 innings before walking Miguel Montero on a 3 - 2 pitch . Then he regrouped by striking out Kyle Hendricks and Dexter Fowler . Jason Heyward and Kris Bryant spoiled Anderson 's shutout with solo homers in the ninth	True
It was Anderson 's first victory since a 6 - 4 win over the Houston Astros on April 8 , a span of six starts . The right-hander struck out six and walked one . He had gotten out of the sixth inning only twice so far this season . Anderson took a no-hit bid into the seventh	True
The Cubs had won seven straight at Miller Park , one shy of matching their longest winning streak at the 16-year-old stadium . Hendricks ( 2 - 3 ) allowed Jonathan Lucroy 's home run in the fourth	True
The Cubs had won seven straight at Miller Park , one shy of matching their longest winning streak at the 16-year-old stadium . Hendricks ( 2 - 3 ) allowed Jonathan Lucroy 's home run in the fourth , and then the Brewers pushed across three runs with one out in the sixth	True
Hendricks ( 2 - 3 ) allowed Jonathan Lucroy 's home run in the fourth , and then the Brewers pushed across three runs with one out in the sixth to chase him . Ryan Braun had an RBI single and Chris Carter a two - run double . Lucroy hit a home run for the third consecutive game . Hendricks left the pitch out over the plate and Lucroy connected for his sixth	False
So was Hinch . Pat Neshek ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Tony Sipp allowed Adam Eaton 's RBI double in the 11th	True
Pat Neshek ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Tony Sipp allowed Adam Eaton 's RBI double in the 11th before earning his first save . Tyler Saladino 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the ninth tied it at 4 as Houston closer Luke Gregerson blew his second straight save chance and third	False
Jose Abreu hit a solo homer , and Saladino and Eaton each drove in a run against 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner Dallas Keuchel , who has n't won since April 15 . Chicago has lost three straight and five of six . But the White Sox showed resilience in this once . Chicago came back twice to force it to extra innings , then nearly tied it again in the 11th	True
Keuchel allowed three runs on six hits and three walks in 6 1/3 innings . The left-hander has lost four straight decisions over six starts since his last victory . Keuchel showed flashes of his Cy Young form , retiring the first 11 White Sox hitters on 45 pitches before Abreu lined his homer to center field in the fourth	True
White Sox starter Carlos Rodon was solid through six innings , giving up three runs -- two earned -- and six hits while striking out seven . He has just one win this season , on April 13 at Minnesota , and is 0 - 3 in six starts since . White 's second homer tied it at 3 in the sixth	True
White 's second homer tied it at 3 in the sixth . Altuve drove in pinch-runner Tony Kemp , making his major league debut , with a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Chad Bettis made his first appearance at Busch Stadium a memorable one . Bettis did not allow a hit until the fifth inning , took a shutout into the seventh	True
Nolan Arrenado and Dustin Garneau had RBI singles , and Bettis added a run-scoring grounder as the Rockies got their season-high fifth straight win and won for only the fifth time in 22 games at Busch Stadium since 2010 . Bettis ( 4 - 2 ) did n't give up a hit until Jeremy Hazelbaker beat out an infield single leading off the fifth	True
Nolan Arrenado and Dustin Garneau had RBI singles , and Bettis added a run-scoring grounder as the Rockies got their season-high fifth straight win and won for only the fifth time in 22 games at Busch Stadium since 2010 . Bettis ( 4 - 2 ) did n't give up a hit until Jeremy Hazelbaker beat out an infield single leading off the fifth . He allowed only two base runners in scoring position until tiring in the seventh	True
Bettis worked at least six innings for the eighth consecutive start and got 11 outs on ground balls . The Cardinals finally reached Bettis in the seventh	True
The Cardinals finally reached Bettis in the seventh when they scored on consecutive two - out singles by Almedys Diaz , Kolten Wong and pinch-hitter Randal Grichuk . Jake McGee allowed two Cardinals to reach in the ninth	True
The Cardinals finally reached Bettis in the seventh when they scored on consecutive two - out singles by Almedys Diaz , Kolten Wong and pinch-hitter Randal Grichuk . Jake McGee allowed two Cardinals to reach in the ninth but struck out Jedd Gyorko to end the game and pick up his fifth save in the past six days and 13th	False
Jaime Garcia ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five singles with four walks in five innings for St. Louis . He fell to 0 - 4 in his career against Colorado . Arenado drove in Colorado 's first run with a two - out single in the third	True
Jaime Garcia ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three runs and five singles with four walks in five innings for St. Louis . He fell to 0 - 4 in his career against Colorado . Arenado drove in Colorado 's first run with a two - out single in the third after Charlie Blackmon singled and stole second	False
Arenado drove in Colorado 's first run with a two - out single in the third after Charlie Blackmon singled and stole second . The Rockies added two in the fourth	False
Cleveland played 13 one - run games and had 11 decided in the seventh inning or later going into Monday . Cincinnati scored four times in the first three innings , but Cleveland tied it with a four - run third	True
Cleveland played 13 one - run games and had 11 decided in the seventh inning or later going into Monday . Cincinnati scored four times in the first three innings , but Cleveland tied it with a four - run third , added three in the fourth	True
Cleveland played 13 one - run games and had 11 decided in the seventh inning or later going into Monday . Cincinnati scored four times in the first three innings , but Cleveland tied it with a four - run third , added three in the fourth and removed any doubt with a five - run sixth	True
Cincinnati scored four times in the first three innings , but Cleveland tied it with a four - run third , added three in the fourth and removed any doubt with a five - run sixth that also featured Marlon Byrd 's two - run homer . Gomes , who came into the game batting .167 , was 2 for 4 and had a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Francisco Lindor , who was 3 for 5 , Jason Kipnis and Mike Napoli all had two RBI for the Indians , who had 19 hits . Kipnis ' two - run single broke a 4-all tie and helped the Indians take a three - run lead in the fourth	True
Francisco Lindor , who was 3 for 5 , Jason Kipnis and Mike Napoli all had two RBI for the Indians , who had 19 hits . Kipnis ' two - run single broke a 4-all tie and helped the Indians take a three - run lead in the fourth . The Reds cut the lead to one in the fifth	False
Brandon Phillips ' RBI double , and home runs by Adam Duvall and Eugenio Suarez gave Cincinnati a 4 - 0 lead . Lindor 's two - run double , along with RBI singles by Napoli and Rajai Davis , tied it in the third	True
Lindor 's two - run double , along with RBI singles by Napoli and Rajai Davis , tied it in the third . Jose Ramirez doubled to lead off and Davis drew a two - out walk in the fourth	False
Cody Anderson allowed six runs , including two homers , in 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander has given up 10 home runs in 32 2/3 innings Phillips put Cincinnati ahead in the first	True
Cody Anderson allowed six runs , including two homers , in 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander has given up 10 home runs in 32 2/3 innings Phillips put Cincinnati ahead in the first . Duvall hit a solo homer in the second	True
Cody Anderson allowed six runs , including two homers , in 4 1/3 innings . The right-hander has given up 10 home runs in 32 2/3 innings Phillips put Cincinnati ahead in the first . Duvall hit a solo homer in the second while Suarez added a two - run shot in the third	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- When Danny Valencia came to the plate with a runner on in the ninth	True
Sure enough , Vogt and company were right . Valencia 's third home run of the day lifted Oakland to a 7 - 6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Sunday . Valencia 's final homer -- his fifth	False
Brandon Guyer went deep twice for the Rays in a game that featured seven home runs . Tampa Bay third baseman Evan Longoria also connected for his seventh homer . Guyer homered in each of the first two innings off Sonny Gray . The second homer , Guyer 's fourth	False
Duffey ( 1 - 2 ) allowed six hits and struck out six . The right-hander hopes winning a series away from home will give the Twins some momentum . Rosario 's RBI single in the second gave Minnesota the lead . He added a two - run double in the ninth	True
Polanco 's seventh-inning home run came one day after Juan Centeno hit his first big league homer . Centeno had an RBI double in the second	True
Trevor Bauer ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs in 6 2/3 innings for Cleveland , which has lost four of six . Byung Ho Park led off the second	True
Byung Ho Park led off the second with a double . Bauer retired the next two hitters before Rosario dropped a single into right field that scored Park . Centeno doubled for a 2 - 0 lead . Rosario 's double to center field added two runs in the ninth	True
Rosario 's double to center field added two runs in the ninth . Duffey made his fourth start for the Twins after being called up from Triple-A Rochester on April 23 . He stranded two runners in the third	True
Rosario 's double to center field added two runs in the ninth . Duffey made his fourth start for the Twins after being called up from Triple-A Rochester on April 23 . He stranded two runners in the third and fourth	True
Duffey made his fourth start for the Twins after being called up from Triple-A Rochester on April 23 . He stranded two runners in the third and fourth . Jason Kipnis homered off Trevor May in the eighth	True
San Francisco led 3 - 1 after Jake Peavy 's six strong innings , but the bullpen could n't hold the lead . Jean Segura pulled the Diamondbacks within one on an RBI groundout in the seventh inning and pinch-hitter Phil Gosselin tied it with a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Jean Segura pulled the Diamondbacks within one on an RBI groundout in the seventh inning and pinch-hitter Phil Gosselin tied it with a sacrifice fly in the eighth off Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 0 ) . The Giants loaded the bases against Daniel Hudson ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
The Giants loaded the bases against Daniel Hudson ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth and Posey bounced a ground-rule double into the pool deck in right center . Posey entered the game hitting .143 with two outs and runners in scoring position and had the first hit in 29 at-bats by right-handers against Hudson this season . The Giants had 12 hits , four by Denard Span , who is 8 for 17 on the road trip so far . Cory Gearrin pitched the ninth	True
The Giants loaded the bases against Daniel Hudson ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth and Posey bounced a ground-rule double into the pool deck in right center . Posey entered the game hitting .143 with two outs and runners in scoring position and had the first hit in 29 at-bats by right-handers against Hudson this season . The Giants had 12 hits , four by Denard Span , who is 8 for 17 on the road trip so far . Cory Gearrin pitched the ninth with Santiago Casilla needing a rest day , working around a single in the ninth	True
He had a decent outing his previous start and overcame a bout with a stomach bug the night before to pitch well against the Diamondbacks . Peavy gave up a run-scoring to double to Owings in the second inning , but limited the damage by stranding runners at second	False
He had a decent outing his previous start and overcame a bout with a stomach bug the night before to pitch well against the Diamondbacks . Peavy gave up a run-scoring to double to Owings in the second inning , but limited the damage by stranding runners at second and third	False
Peavy gave up a run-scoring to double to Owings in the second inning , but limited the damage by stranding runners at second and third . He struck out five and walked two . Patrick Corbin carried a 15-inning scoreless streak against the Giants into Saturday 's game -- dating to July 19 -- but that ended quickly with Joe Panik 's run-scoring single in the first	True
It marked the 42nd straight regular-season game a Cubs starter went at least five innings , the team 's longest such streak since 1910 . Francisco Liriano ( 3 - 2 ) surrendered all three Cubs homers in 4 2/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Hammel is the last Cubs starter who failed to go five innings -- on Sept. 26 when he lasted four in a 4 - 0 loss to the Pirates . Hammel felt his fastball command was key as he lowered his ERA to 1.77 . The Cubs had gone 17 innings without scoring until Russell hit a slider into the left-field bleachers in the fourth	True
The Cubs had gone 17 innings without scoring until Russell hit a slider into the left-field bleachers in the fourth . Bryant and Ross homered in the fifth	True
Bryant and Ross homered in the fifth , chasing Liriano . The Pirates had won all but two of his previous 23 starts , and Liriano was 4 - 1 in his last five starts at Wrigley Field . Pittsburgh scored two in the sixth	True
The right-hander struck out a season-high nine over seven innings , and the San Diego Padres beat the Milwaukee Brewers 3 - 0 . San Diego won its third straight game for the first time this season . Shields ( 2 - 5 ) allowed seven hits and one walk , Brandon Maurer pitched the eighth	True
The right-hander struck out a season-high nine over seven innings , and the San Diego Padres beat the Milwaukee Brewers 3 - 0 . San Diego won its third straight game for the first time this season . Shields ( 2 - 5 ) allowed seven hits and one walk , Brandon Maurer pitched the eighth and Ryan Buchter had the ninth	False
Milwaukee put the leadoff batter on in four of the first six innings , but Shields avoided damage each time in his first start against the Brewers in his 11-year career . In the first	True
Milwaukee put the leadoff batter on in four of the first six innings , but Shields avoided damage each time in his first start against the Brewers in his 11-year career . In the first , Shields allowed a leadoff double to Domingo Santana and then a single to Scooter Gennett . Gennett was thrown out in a run down between first	True
Milwaukee put the leadoff batter on in four of the first six innings , but Shields avoided damage each time in his first start against the Brewers in his 11-year career . In the first , Shields allowed a leadoff double to Domingo Santana and then a single to Scooter Gennett . Gennett was thrown out in a run down between first and second	False
In the first , Shields allowed a leadoff double to Domingo Santana and then a single to Scooter Gennett . Gennett was thrown out in a run down between first and second , though , and then Shields got Braun and Jonathan Lucroy to ground out . Jonathan Villar singled to lead off the sixth	True
In the first , Shields allowed a leadoff double to Domingo Santana and then a single to Scooter Gennett . Gennett was thrown out in a run down between first and second , though , and then Shields got Braun and Jonathan Lucroy to ground out . Jonathan Villar singled to lead off the sixth for Milwaukee . Another single by Gennett put runners on first	False
In the first , Shields allowed a leadoff double to Domingo Santana and then a single to Scooter Gennett . Gennett was thrown out in a run down between first and second , though , and then Shields got Braun and Jonathan Lucroy to ground out . Jonathan Villar singled to lead off the sixth for Milwaukee . Another single by Gennett put runners on first and third	False
Jonathan Villar singled to lead off the sixth for Milwaukee . Another single by Gennett put runners on first and third with one out , but Braun hit into a double play . San Diego was able to capitalize when its leadoff batters reached , beginning in the fourth	True
Jonathan Villar singled to lead off the sixth for Milwaukee . Another single by Gennett put runners on first and third with one out , but Braun hit into a double play . San Diego was able to capitalize when its leadoff batters reached , beginning in the fourth when Wil Myers singled . He stole second	False
San Diego was able to capitalize when its leadoff batters reached , beginning in the fourth when Wil Myers singled . He stole second and scored on a two - out single by Upton to center field . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
San Diego was able to capitalize when its leadoff batters reached , beginning in the fourth when Wil Myers singled . He stole second and scored on a two - out single by Upton to center field . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the seventh . Upton led off with a double , advanced to third	False
The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the seventh . Upton led off with a double , advanced to third on a fly out to right field by Christian Bethancourt and scored on a sacrifice fly to left from Alexei Ramirez . Upton 's solo blast came in the ninth	True
Perez ( 1 - 0 ) was recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett and flew to Atlanta from Rochester , New York , on Wednesday morning . He was n't fazed by the unusual travel schedule as he gave the struggling Braves only their second home win in 18 games . Perez did not walk a batter while matching his longest start in the majors . He allowed no baserunners through four innings before Ryan Howard led off the fifth	True
The Braves ended their streaks of five straight losses overall and 11 straight at home . Perez faced only one batter over the minimum . The only other hit he allowed was a one - out single in the eighth	True
The Braves ' 1 - 16 start at home was the worst in the majors since the 1913 Yankees lost their first 17 decisions . The Yankees had one tie in that span , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Arodys Vizcaino allowed two - out singles to Odubel Herrera and Cesar Hernandez in the ninth	True
The promotion of the 24-year-old Perez left the Braves with five starting pitchers who are 25 or younger . Freeman belted his second homer in two nights with one out in the fifth	True
With the Red Sox pounding the A 's in a three - game sweep to run their record to 21 - 13 , it seems there will be some hot times at Fenway this summer . Boston scored six runs in the first four innings and then had four more in the fifth	True
Boston has thrived early in games this season and entered Wednesday having outscored its opponents 38 - 11 in the first inning . This time it took an inning before its bats came to life . Bradley started it off with his first home run off the roof of Red Sox 's bullpen that put Boston in front 3 - 1 . It was his second home run of the series and fifth	False
NEW YORK -- Music blared in the visitor 's clubhouse at Yankee Stadium . Yordano Ventura , Salvador Perez and Lorenzo Cain helped the slumping Kansas City Royals to a big win . Perez hit a three - run homer as the Royals burst to a 4 - 0 first-inning lead against Michael Pineda ( 1 - 4 ) . After New York clawed back to 4 - 3 , Lorenzo Cain hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
Perez hit a three - run homer as the Royals burst to a 4 - 0 first-inning lead against Michael Pineda ( 1 - 4 ) . After New York clawed back to 4 - 3 , Lorenzo Cain hit a two - run single in the sixth against reliever Nick Goody . Kendrys Morales added a solo homer in the seventh	False
Kansas City ( 16 - 17 ) went ahead on Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly . Perez followed by pulling a hanging slider for his fifth home run this season , a drive that came one day after his 26th birthday . Carlos Beltran 's 399th home run , his third	False
Kansas City ( 16 - 17 ) went ahead on Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly . Perez followed by pulling a hanging slider for his fifth home run this season , a drive that came one day after his 26th birthday . Carlos Beltran 's 399th home run , his third in three days , started New York 's comeback attempt in the second	True
Carlos Beltran 's 399th home run , his third in three days , started New York 's comeback attempt in the second , when Chase Headley hit an RBI single . Starlin Castro , who has n't driven in a run since April 27 , hit into an inning-ending forceout with the bases loaded . Rookie Ben Gamel stranded a runner on third	False
Carlos Beltran 's 399th home run , his third in three days , started New York 's comeback attempt in the second , when Chase Headley hit an RBI single . Starlin Castro , who has n't driven in a run since April 27 , hit into an inning-ending forceout with the bases loaded . Rookie Ben Gamel stranded a runner on third in the fourth	True
Carlos Beltran 's 399th home run , his third in three days , started New York 's comeback attempt in the second , when Chase Headley hit an RBI single . Starlin Castro , who has n't driven in a run since April 27 , hit into an inning-ending forceout with the bases loaded . Rookie Ben Gamel stranded a runner on third in the fourth , and the Yankees got just one run in the fifth	False
Carlos Beltran 's 399th home run , his third in three days , started New York 's comeback attempt in the second , when Chase Headley hit an RBI single . Starlin Castro , who has n't driven in a run since April 27 , hit into an inning-ending forceout with the bases loaded . Rookie Ben Gamel stranded a runner on third in the fourth , and the Yankees got just one run in the fifth after Castro 's double put runners at second	False
Carlos Beltran 's 399th home run , his third in three days , started New York 's comeback attempt in the second , when Chase Headley hit an RBI single . Starlin Castro , who has n't driven in a run since April 27 , hit into an inning-ending forceout with the bases loaded . Rookie Ben Gamel stranded a runner on third in the fourth , and the Yankees got just one run in the fifth after Castro 's double put runners at second and third	False
Nicknamed `` Thor '' after the Marvel Comics character known as the god of thunder who possesses an enchanted hammer , Syndergaard swung a mighty black bat with his blond locks flowing beneath his helmet . He had to provide all the offense himself after his teammates produced just one run in his previous two starts . Syndergaard hit a solo homer on the first pitch from Maeda ( 3 - 2 ) in the third inning , and slammed a three - run shot in the fifth	True
The last major league pitcher to homer twice in a game was Arizona 's Micah Owings , who accomplished the feat against Atlanta on Aug. 18 , 2007 . Jim Tobin of the Boston Braves holds the modern-day big league record for pitchers with three home runs in a game against the Chicago Cubs on May 13 , 1942 . Syndergaard came up with a chance to tie Tobin 's mark with the bases loaded in the sixth	True
Syndergaard came up with a chance to tie Tobin 's mark with the bases loaded in the sixth . Facing Chris Hatcher , he took big rips on his first three pitches , fouling off each of them . With Syndergaard behind 1 - 2 in the count , Hatcher and catcher Yasmani Grandal convened for a chat as though Barry Bonds was at the plate . Syndergaard struck out swinging on his next pitch to end the threat . He also struck out swinging in the eighth	True
He also struck out swinging in the eighth , taking big cuts in the six - pitch at-bat . Jeurys Familia gave up a run in the ninth	True
Syndergaard 's power display gave the Mets 51 homers through their first 33 games to lead the majors . They 've hit 49 in the last 25 games and also lead the majors with 35 homers on the road . Last Saturday , Mets pitcher Bartolo Colon hit the first home run of his career at age 42 in San Diego . The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the third	True
Syndergaard 's power display gave the Mets 51 homers through their first 33 games to lead the majors . They 've hit 49 in the last 25 games and also lead the majors with 35 homers on the road . Last Saturday , Mets pitcher Bartolo Colon hit the first home run of his career at age 42 in San Diego . The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the third on Seager 's homer . Grandal homered on Syndergaard 's first pitch leading off the fourth	True
Andrew Romine drove in a pivotal run on a play that withstood a replay challenge , Miguel Cabrera tacked on a pinch-hit RBI right afterward , and Detroit overcame Ryan Zimmerman 's two homers to beat Washington 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Tigers trailed 3 - 2 before scoring three runs in the sixth	True
Andrew Romine drove in a pivotal run on a play that withstood a replay challenge , Miguel Cabrera tacked on a pinch-hit RBI right afterward , and Detroit overcame Ryan Zimmerman 's two homers to beat Washington 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Tigers trailed 3 - 2 before scoring three runs in the sixth off Joe Ross ( 3 - 2 ) . After James McCann 's RBI single tied it , Romine came up with the bases loaded and one out . His grounder led to a forceout at second base , but Romine beat shortstop Danny Espinosa 's throw to first	False
The Tigers trailed 3 - 2 before scoring three runs in the sixth off Joe Ross ( 3 - 2 ) . After James McCann 's RBI single tied it , Romine came up with the bases loaded and one out . His grounder led to a forceout at second base , but Romine beat shortstop Danny Espinosa 's throw to first in a bid for a double play . Because Anthony Gose 's slide was not near the bag at second	False
Because Anthony Gose 's slide was not near the bag at second , Washington hoped Romine would be called out on review , based on this season 's rule governing how a baserunner must slide . But Gose did not make contact with Espinosa , and the play stood as called on the field . Nationals manager Dusty Baker said he was not aware that for the automatic double play to be invoked , the runner must not only fail to slide to -- and stay on -- the bag at second	False
There were , to be sure , other pivotal moments in this game . For example , Bryce Harper came up as the potential go-ahead run in the ninth	True
There were , to be sure , other pivotal moments in this game . For example , Bryce Harper came up as the potential go-ahead run in the ninth , but right-handed closer Francisco Rodriguez intentionally walked the lefty-hitting , reigning NL MVP to put two men on with one out for righty-hitting cleanup batter Zimmerman , he of a two - run shot in the fifth	True
There were , to be sure , other pivotal moments in this game . For example , Bryce Harper came up as the potential go-ahead run in the ninth , but right-handed closer Francisco Rodriguez intentionally walked the lefty-hitting , reigning NL MVP to put two men on with one out for righty-hitting cleanup batter Zimmerman , he of a two - run shot in the fifth off Michael Fulmer ( 2 - 1 ) and a solo shot in the seventh	True
Rodriguez struck out Zimmerman swinging , then got Murphy to fly out for his eighth save . In the eighth	True
Rodriguez struck out Zimmerman swinging , then got Murphy to fly out for his eighth save . In the eighth , with Alex Wilson pitching for Detroit , pinch-hitter Clint Robinson -- who ended Monday 's game with a homer in the bottom of the ninth -- hit a double . Wilson Ramos tried to score from first	False
Brantley , who missed most of April after offseason surgery on his right shoulder , delivered with his bat and glove in Cleveland 's 9 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Thursday night . Brantley was 4 for 5 with three RBI , and raised his batting average from .167 to .276 . He had an RBI single in the first	True
Brantley , who missed most of April after offseason surgery on his right shoulder , delivered with his bat and glove in Cleveland 's 9 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Thursday night . Brantley was 4 for 5 with three RBI , and raised his batting average from .167 to .276 . He had an RBI single in the first , a two - run double in the eighth	True
Brantley , who missed most of April after offseason surgery on his right shoulder , delivered with his bat and glove in Cleveland 's 9 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Thursday night . Brantley was 4 for 5 with three RBI , and raised his batting average from .167 to .276 . He had an RBI single in the first , a two - run double in the eighth and ended a potential Detroit rally in the sixth	True
Mike Napoli hit a three - run homer and Cleveland beat Detroit for the sixth straight time this season . Chris Gimenez , playing his first game of the season , hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Chris Gimenez , playing his first game of the season , hit a solo homer in the fourth and the Indians swept a three - game series from Detroit for the second time this season . The Tigers came into the series with a five - game winning streak . Trevor Bauer ( 2 - 0 ) allowed three hits in 5 2/3 innings and overcame Nick Castellanos ' three - run homer in the fourth	True
Gimenez was acquired from Texas for cash considerations Wednesday after backup catcher Roberto Perez fractured his right thumb . Castellanos , the AL 's leading hitter , hit his fifth home run of the season in the fourth	True
Gimenez was acquired from Texas for cash considerations Wednesday after backup catcher Roberto Perez fractured his right thumb . Castellanos , the AL 's leading hitter , hit his fifth home run of the season in the fourth and nearly did more damage in the sixth	True
This one was hardly a thing of beauty , with the teams combining to strand 21 runners and draw 16 walks . But the Red Sox came out on top in a game that lasted 3 hours , 57 minutes . Pedroia had three hits , starting with a solo homer in the first	True
This one was hardly a thing of beauty , with the teams combining to strand 21 runners and draw 16 walks . But the Red Sox came out on top in a game that lasted 3 hours , 57 minutes . Pedroia had three hits , starting with a solo homer in the first . Ramirez connected leading off a two - run third	True
Pedroia had three hits , starting with a solo homer in the first . Ramirez connected leading off a two - run third against Erik Johnson ( 0 - 1 ) . Bradley made it 5 - 3 with his solo drive off Matt Albers in the sixth	True
Bradley made it 5 - 3 with his solo drive off Matt Albers in the sixth after Chicago had pulled within one . David Ortiz capped a two - run eighth	True
David Ortiz capped a two - run eighth with an RBI double that boosted the lead to four , and reliever Matt Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . The White Sox 's Avisail Garcia chased Henry Owens with a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
It changed again when the Reds ' bullpen let a 6 - 3 lead slip away . Brandon Belt and Gregor Blanco singled in runs off J. C. Ramirez ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
It changed again when the Reds ' bullpen let a 6 - 3 lead slip away . Brandon Belt and Gregor Blanco singled in runs off J. C. Ramirez ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh . Crawford connected off Drew Hayes for his third homer and an 8 - 6 lead . Crawford also singled home a run in the ninth	True
It was the 20th straight game in which Cincinnati 's bullpen has given up at least one run , tying the 2013 Rockies for the longest such streak in the majors since 1900 , according to information from the Reds provided by the Elias Sports Bureau . Vin Mazzaro ( 1 - 0 ) retired two batters . Santiago Casilla set down the side in the ninth	True
Cueto came to bat with the bases loaded in the second inning and singled home a pair of runs off Brandon Finnegan , but the right-hander could n't hold an early three - run lead . The Reds sent 11 batters to the plate for six runs in the third	True
Nolan Reimold drove in the lone run for the Orioles , who fell to 9 - 3 at home with their second straight defeat at Camden Yards . After Lawrie put the White Sox ahead with a solo shot in the fourth inning , Chicago sent 10 batters to the plate in the pivotal fifth	True
He was no match for Sale , who always found a way to get outs when he needed them . Baltimore got its lone run in the sixth	True
Joel Peralta became the latest reliever to fail a key test for the Cubs , who also could n't make contact in big spots in their latest loss to the Mets . Jeurys Familia made things interesting in the ninth	True
Jeurys Familia made things interesting in the ninth , but the Mets held on Thursday night after overtaking the Cubs and ended a four - game losing skid . Yoenis Cespedes socked a colossal home run , Jeurys Familia pitched out of a huge jam in the ninth inning and Nimmo keyed a three - run rally in the seventh	True
Yoenis Cespedes socked a colossal home run , Jeurys Familia pitched out of a huge jam in the ninth inning and Nimmo keyed a three - run rally in the seventh that sent New York past the Chicago Cubs 4 - 3 in their first meeting since last year 's NL Championship Series . Chicago put runners on second	False
Yoenis Cespedes socked a colossal home run , Jeurys Familia pitched out of a huge jam in the ninth inning and Nimmo keyed a three - run rally in the seventh that sent New York past the Chicago Cubs 4 - 3 in their first meeting since last year 's NL Championship Series . Chicago put runners on second and third	False
Bryant hit a two - run homer for the major league-best Cubs . Baez added a solo shot off rookie Steven Matz before a scuffling Mets lineup finally pushed back in the opener of a four - game series between banged-up teams . Cespedes launched a solo drive off John Lackey in the sixth	True
That 's not unfamiliar territory to Cespedes , though . He sent several shots up there three years ago -- while winning the All-Star Home Run Derby . Travis d'Arnaud singled with one out in the seventh	True
Travis d'Arnaud singled with one out in the seventh , chasing Lackey . Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) walked slumping pinch-hitter Alejandro De Aza before Nimmo , starting for injured outfielder Curtis Granderson , singled on the ninth pitch of a gritty at-bat for his first career RBI . The throw to third allowed Nimmo to reach second	False
The throw to third allowed Nimmo to reach second , and the Mets had two runners in scoring position . With the Cubs playing their infield in , Walker hit an RBI chopper toward the middle against reliever Pedro Strop . Figuring he had no play at the plate , Baez threw to third	False
Todd Frazier , Brett Lawrie and Tyler Saladino homered for the White Sox , who improved to 7 - 1 against the Twins after losing 4 - 0 in the series opener on Tuesday . Saladino and Tim Anderson each had two hits and two RBI . Chicago carried a 9 - 1 lead into the ninth	True
Todd Frazier , Brett Lawrie and Tyler Saladino homered for the White Sox , who improved to 7 - 1 against the Twins after losing 4 - 0 in the series opener on Tuesday . Saladino and Tim Anderson each had two hits and two RBI . Chicago carried a 9 - 1 lead into the ninth , but Max Kepler 's two - run double got Minnesota within three with two out . Nate Jones then came in with runners on second	False
Todd Frazier , Brett Lawrie and Tyler Saladino homered for the White Sox , who improved to 7 - 1 against the Twins after losing 4 - 0 in the series opener on Tuesday . Saladino and Tim Anderson each had two hits and two RBI . Chicago carried a 9 - 1 lead into the ninth , but Max Kepler 's two - run double got Minnesota within three with two out . Nate Jones then came in with runners on second and third	False
Eduardo Nunez homered on Shields ' second pitch of the game , but it was a mostly frustrating night for Minnesota at the plate . The Twins , who rank near the bottom of the majors in several offensive categories , went 2 for 14 with runners in scoring position and left 10 men on base . Nunez finished with three hits and Brian Dozier extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a double in the sixth	True
Nunez finished with three hits and Brian Dozier extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a double in the sixth . Dozier also has at least one extra-base hit in a franchise-record 10 straight games . Minnesota had a chance to tie it at 2 in the fifth	True
Nunez finished with three hits and Brian Dozier extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a double in the sixth . Dozier also has at least one extra-base hit in a franchise-record 10 straight games . Minnesota had a chance to tie it at 2 in the fifth , but Kurt Suzuki was cut down by Adam Eaton 's major league-best 11th assist when he tried to score on Nunez 's double to the wall in right . Suzuki was basically forced to head home when Nunez nearly ran him over near third	False
Minnesota had a chance to tie it at 2 in the fifth , but Kurt Suzuki was cut down by Adam Eaton 's major league-best 11th assist when he tried to score on Nunez 's double to the wall in right . Suzuki was basically forced to head home when Nunez nearly ran him over near third . Saladino belted a solo shot against Ricky Nolasco in the bottom half , and the White Sox broke it open with five runs in the sixth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer for Miami . Conley ( 4 - 5 ) struck out six in the first two innings . He caught Cabrera looking in the first	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer for Miami . Conley ( 4 - 5 ) struck out six in the first two innings . He caught Cabrera looking in the first and swinging in the third	True
Conley ( 4 - 5 ) struck out six in the first two innings . He caught Cabrera looking in the first and swinging in the third , but when the Detroit slugger came up a third time , he hit a drive well beyond the fence in left-center field to give the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead . Four relievers finished the game for Detroit after Pelfrey 's departure . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a hitless ninth	True
The Tigers were in a bit of a funk after being swept in a three - game series by AL Central-leading Cleveland . Detroit made three errors in the first five innings Tuesday . Stanton opened the scoring in the second	True
Stanton opened the scoring in the second with his 15th homer of the season , but the Marlins could n't break the game open when they had the chance . Miami led 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Miami led 3 - 0 in the fifth when Iglesias connected for a two - run shot . After Cabrera went deep , Conley was taken out , and Nick Wittgren allowed a two - run drive by Castellanos . Conley was coming off a sparkling outing against Atlanta in which he threw eight scoreless innings . He looked terrific against the Tigers before his night unraveled in the fifth	True
Both teams came out swinging , combining for 32 hits and 23 runs . Josh Donaldson had a bases-loaded triple in the fourth	True
Both teams came out swinging , combining for 32 hits and 23 runs . Josh Donaldson had a bases-loaded triple in the fourth for Toronto , which had lost all seven of its previous games at Colorado . Kevin Pillar had a two - run double in the Blue Jays ' three - run sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez had four hits , including a home run , and 5 RBI for the Rockies , who saw their three - game winning streak snapped . Trailing 4 - 1 , Toronto broke through in the fourth	True
Trailing 4 - 1 , Toronto broke through in the fourth , starting with Tulowitzki 's drive off Eddie Butler leading off the inning . Butler ( 2 - 5 ) gave up an RBI single to Ezequiel Carrera and was relieved by Yohan Flande , who surrendered a single to the first batter he faced , Devon Travis , to load the bases ahead of Donaldson 's three - run , go-ahead triple . The Blue Jays ' sixth run of the inning scored on a throwing error by Flande . With Cristhian Adames and Nolan Arenado aboard in the third	True
Trailing 4 - 1 , Toronto broke through in the fourth , starting with Tulowitzki 's drive off Eddie Butler leading off the inning . Butler ( 2 - 5 ) gave up an RBI single to Ezequiel Carrera and was relieved by Yohan Flande , who surrendered a single to the first batter he faced , Devon Travis , to load the bases ahead of Donaldson 's three - run , go-ahead triple . The Blue Jays ' sixth run of the inning scored on a throwing error by Flande . With Cristhian Adames and Nolan Arenado aboard in the third , Gonzalez fell behind 0 - 2 in the count before getting hold of Happ 's pitch and driving it over the right field wall for his 18th home run of the season and second	False
The left-hander showed Monday night just how much he 's matured . After serving up Matt Holliday 's two - run shot in the first	True
Wainwright wasted no time coughing up the lead Holliday had given him , loading the bases for Morales in the first inning . The big designated hitter lined a single to right over a shifted infield to tie the game . Kansas City pulled ahead for good in the second	True
It was the third time this season the three - time All-Star has allowed at least six runs in a start , though only four were earned . Meanwhile , Duffy was using pinpoint control to breeze through a lineup that scored 11 runs the previous day against Seattle . He retired his final seven batters , with nobody getting past second	True
Addison Reed ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the Mets , who pulled within two games of NL East-leading Washington . Jeurys Familia worked the 11th	True
Addison Reed ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the Mets , who pulled within two games of NL East-leading Washington . Jeurys Familia worked the 11th for his majors-leading 26th save in 26 chances . He got Nick Markakis to ground into a double play with runners on first	False
Addison Reed ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the Mets , who pulled within two games of NL East-leading Washington . Jeurys Familia worked the 11th for his majors-leading 26th save in 26 chances . He got Nick Markakis to ground into a double play with runners on first and second	False
Teheran extended his career-best string of scoreless innings to 23 . He threw a one - hit shutout last Sunday to win in New York , and the Mets were still baffled by him at Turner Field . Teheran gave up five hits , walked none and struck out seven . He recorded 15 consecutive outs before Curtis Granderson singled with two outs in the eighth	True
The reason why Baltimore is 42 - 30 and the Rays are a season-high nine games under .500 ( 31 - 40 ) was made apparent in the fashion in which this one played out . After falling into an early 3 - 0 hole , the Orioles finally got their first baserunner against Matt Moore ( 3 - 5 ) in the fifth inning and turned the game around in the sixth	True
Baltimore 's Manny Machado is hitting .320 , sixth best in the American League , after another big game on Friday in his return from suspension . Then Manny Machado capped the comeback with his 18th home run in the eighth	True
Then Manny Machado capped the comeback with his 18th home run in the eighth , a drive that effectively marked his return from a four - game suspension for charging the mound in a game against the Royals on June 7 . Rookie Ashur Tolliver ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth	True
Then Manny Machado capped the comeback with his 18th home run in the eighth , a drive that effectively marked his return from a four - game suspension for charging the mound in a game against the Royals on June 7 . Rookie Ashur Tolliver ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth to earn his first major league win and Zach Britton worked the ninth	True
Corey Dickerson homered for the Rays , who are mired in their longest skid since a 10-game run in 2014 . Tampa Bay has given up at least five runs in eight consecutive games . Tampa Bay led 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
Moore retired the first 13 batters with an assist from outfielders Desmond Jennings and Taylor Motter . Both reached above the outfield wall to snag deep flies . After Motter robbed Jones in the fourth	True
After Motter robbed Jones in the fourth , Baltimore 's leadoff hitter feigned crying as he rounded first base . The scenario was much different in the sixth	True
Springer hit a grand slam and a triple in Houston 's nine - run first inning against Edinson Volquez , and the Astros routed the Kansas City Royals 13 - 4 on Friday night . Springer , who finished with five RBI , tops the majors with three grand slams this season . Colby Rasmus had four hits , including a homer in the eighth	True
Springer hit a grand slam and a triple in Houston 's nine - run first inning against Edinson Volquez , and the Astros routed the Kansas City Royals 13 - 4 on Friday night . Springer , who finished with five RBI , tops the majors with three grand slams this season . Colby Rasmus had four hits , including a homer in the eighth , scored three runs and drove in two . Marwin Gonzalez , Carlos Gomez , Jason Castro and Rasmus all had RBI singles in the first	True
He gave up 12 runs , 11 earned , and eight hits and walked three . Rasmus scored the other run on Alcides Escobar 's error . The last time the Astros scored nine in the first inning was July 10 , 2003 , against Cincinnati . The Royals last allowed nine or more in the first	True
Keuchel ( 4 - 9 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits , including home runs to Escobar and Cheslor Cuthbert . Escobar 's homer was his first since Aug. 21 . Volquez was removed in the second	True
After hitting a key double late in Wednesday night 's win , Panik put the Giants ahead 3 - 1 with his triple in the third inning . Williamson followed with an RBI single . Williamson connected for his second home run of the season in the sixth	True
Suarez threw a season-high 102 pitches in his fourth start of the season while filling in for the injured Matt Cain . He struck out six . Santiago Casilla struck out three in the ninth	True
The Giants ' bullpen shut down the Pirates for the second consecutive game . George Kontos , Hunter Strickland , Cory Gearrin and Casilla combined to pitched four scoreless innings a day after the Giants used five relievers to pitch six shutout innings . Jonathon Niese ( 6 - 5 ) was tagged for five runs in six innings . He lamented the four - run third	True
Los Angeles manager Mike Scioscia is not a fan of the hill . Houston added an insurance run on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the eighth	True
Houston added an insurance run on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the eighth . Will Harris allowed a run-scoring single by Kole Calhoun with one out in the ninth	False
Houston added an insurance run on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the eighth . Will Harris allowed a run-scoring single by Kole Calhoun with one out in the ninth , but Yunel Escobar was out at second	False
Houston added an insurance run on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the eighth . Will Harris allowed a run-scoring single by Kole Calhoun with one out in the ninth , but Yunel Escobar was out at second on the play . Harris then retired Mike Trout for his sixth save . Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 1 ) struck out one in a scoreless eighth	True
Will Harris allowed a run-scoring single by Kole Calhoun with one out in the ninth , but Yunel Escobar was out at second on the play . Harris then retired Mike Trout for his sixth save . Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 1 ) struck out one in a scoreless eighth for the win . Escobar 's RBI single gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Will Harris allowed a run-scoring single by Kole Calhoun with one out in the ninth , but Yunel Escobar was out at second on the play . Harris then retired Mike Trout for his sixth save . Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 1 ) struck out one in a scoreless eighth for the win . Escobar 's RBI single gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead in the third and Altuve 's homer tied it in the sixth	False
The Astros tied it at 1-all when Altuve hit one high on the wall in left-center with one out in the sixth inning . Jett Bandy singled to start the third	True
Earlier Wednesday Texas put Derek Holland on the 15-day disabled list with left shoulder inflammation . Then minutes before the finale against the Reds , general manager Jon Daniels said Colby Lewis has a strained lat muscle and will be going on the DL as well since the 36-year-old right-hander will not be able to throw for at least four weeks . The Rangers went ahead to stay with four runs in the fourth	True
Hamels ( 8 - 1 ) scattered five hits , walked two and allowed only one run while improving to 3 - 0 with a 1.82 ERA in five June starts since his only loss on May 27 . The left-hander is 10 - 1 with a 1.93 ERA in 15 career starts vs. the Reds . Desmond went to center field to start the seventh	True
Desmond went to center field to start the seventh , and led off the bottom of the inning with his 12th homer -- the second one this week halfway up the hill in straightaway center field -- for a 5 - 1 lead . Shin-Soo Choo led off the eighth	True
Desmond went to center field to start the seventh , and led off the bottom of the inning with his 12th homer -- the second one this week halfway up the hill in straightaway center field -- for a 5 - 1 lead . Shin-Soo Choo led off the eighth with his second homer . That came after Eugenio Suarez hit a three - run homer in the top of that inning for the Reds , his 14th	False
Royals leadoff man Whit Merrifield hit a line drive that barely glanced off Colon 's glove and struck him hard on his right thumb . X-rays were negative , the Mets said . The ball deflected to second baseman Neil Walker , who threw to first	False
Indeed , Robles provided yeoman 's work . After throwing 41 pitches Sunday , he threw 65 over 3 2/3 effective innings and struck out six . His previous career highs were 52 pitches and three innings , in different games . The right-hander finally faded in the fifth	True
The right-hander finally faded in the fifth and gave up an RBI single to Brett Eibner with nobody out before Erik Goeddel pitched out of trouble . Pinch-hitter Kendrys Morales flied out to the right-field fence with two on , and Goeddel tossed two scoreless innings . Jerry Blevins worked a perfect seventh	True
The right-hander finally faded in the fifth and gave up an RBI single to Brett Eibner with nobody out before Erik Goeddel pitched out of trouble . Pinch-hitter Kendrys Morales flied out to the right-field fence with two on , and Goeddel tossed two scoreless innings . Jerry Blevins worked a perfect seventh and Addison Reed a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth	True
Jerry Blevins worked a perfect seventh and Addison Reed a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth . Jeurys Familia struck out two in a one - hit ninth	True
Jeurys Familia struck out two in a one - hit ninth for his major league-leading 23rd save . Familia , charged with three blown saves in the World Series last year , has converted a club-record 39 consecutive regular-season chances dating to last August -- though he did blow a four - run lead in the ninth inning of a game this season . Cabrera hit an opposite-field drive to left off Ian Kennedy ( 5 - 6 ) in the first	True
Jeurys Familia struck out two in a one - hit ninth for his major league-leading 23rd save . Familia , charged with three blown saves in the World Series last year , has converted a club-record 39 consecutive regular-season chances dating to last August -- though he did blow a four - run lead in the ninth inning of a game this season . Cabrera hit an opposite-field drive to left off Ian Kennedy ( 5 - 6 ) in the first , and Cespedes homered to center leading off the fourth	True
So was Padres manager Andy Green . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Melvin Upton Jr. had two hits and scored twice for the Padres . With the Nats trailing 5 - 3 , Daniel Murphy nearly tied it in the sixth	True
Melvin Upton Jr. had two hits and scored twice for the Padres . With the Nats trailing 5 - 3 , Daniel Murphy nearly tied it in the sixth but was denied by Travis Jankowski . The Padres ' center fielder , who had replaced Jon Jay after he suffered a right forearm contusion in the fourth	True
NEW YORK -- Ender Inciarte sprinted to third	False
NEW YORK -- Ender Inciarte sprinted to third when Curtis Granderson lazily threw the ball to the infield after an eighth-inning lineout . Then he dashed home with the tiebreaking run on a wild pitch that bounced only 10 feet from home plate . And to top it off , he made a great throw that helped cut down the potential tying run in the bottom of the ninth	True
Jeff Francoeur and Tyler Flowers hit solo shots to start the comeback for the Braves , who have just 31 home runs this season -- 26 fewer than any other big league team . With the score 3-all , Inciarte sliced an opposite-field double to left against Addison Reed ( 1 - 1 ) leading off the eighth	True
Jeff Francoeur and Tyler Flowers hit solo shots to start the comeback for the Braves , who have just 31 home runs this season -- 26 fewer than any other big league team . With the score 3-all , Inciarte sliced an opposite-field double to left against Addison Reed ( 1 - 1 ) leading off the eighth , sliding into second ahead of Michael Conforto 's throw . Freddie Freeman was intentionally walked and Francoeur hit a 267-foot liner to Granderson in right . Granderson looked back Freeman and looped a throw to second	False
Jeff Francoeur and Tyler Flowers hit solo shots to start the comeback for the Braves , who have just 31 home runs this season -- 26 fewer than any other big league team . With the score 3-all , Inciarte sliced an opposite-field double to left against Addison Reed ( 1 - 1 ) leading off the eighth , sliding into second ahead of Michael Conforto 's throw . Freddie Freeman was intentionally walked and Francoeur hit a 267-foot liner to Granderson in right . Granderson looked back Freeman and looped a throw to second , prompting Inciarte to take off for third	False
In the dugout , Braves players cheered about as much as they have all season . Atlanta is 13 - 18 under interim manager Brian Snitker after starting 8 - 28 under Fredi Gonzalez . Wilmer Flores reached leading off the New York ninth	True
In a matchup of rookie starters , New York 's Steve Matz stretched his winless streak to four outings following a seven - start winning streak , allowing two runs and four hits in six innings . Atlanta 's Aaron Blair , winless in 10 big league starts , gave up three runs and five hits in six innings . Yoenis Cespedes homered on a curveball in the third inning and Flores on a fastball in the fourth	True
Yoenis Cespedes homered on a curveball in the third inning and Flores on a fastball in the fourth , both clearing the original Great Wall of Flushing in left . Loney followed with his first triple since 2011 and scored on Rivera 's sacrifice fly for a 3 - 0 lead . Atlanta closed to 3 - 2 against Matz on Chase d'Arnaud 's two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
Yoenis Cespedes homered on a curveball in the third inning and Flores on a fastball in the fourth , both clearing the original Great Wall of Flushing in left . Loney followed with his first triple since 2011 and scored on Rivera 's sacrifice fly for a 3 - 0 lead . Atlanta closed to 3 - 2 against Matz on Chase d'Arnaud 's two - out RBI single in the fifth and Francoeur 's third home run in the sixth	True
Yoenis Cespedes homered on a curveball in the third inning and Flores on a fastball in the fourth , both clearing the original Great Wall of Flushing in left . Loney followed with his first triple since 2011 and scored on Rivera 's sacrifice fly for a 3 - 0 lead . Atlanta closed to 3 - 2 against Matz on Chase d'Arnaud 's two - out RBI single in the fifth and Francoeur 's third home run in the sixth , a drive off the facing of the second deck in left . Flowers homered leading off the seventh	True
Hours after Toronto put outfielder Jose Bautista on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained left big toe , Saunders carried an offense that has been bludgeoning the baseball over the past week . Saunders connected with two on against Mike Wright ( 3 - 4 ) in the first inning , added another three - run drive off Wright in the fourth	True
Hours after Toronto put outfielder Jose Bautista on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained left big toe , Saunders carried an offense that has been bludgeoning the baseball over the past week . Saunders connected with two on against Mike Wright ( 3 - 4 ) in the first inning , added another three - run drive off Wright in the fourth and went deep against Ubaldo Jimenez with a man on in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays have outscored the opposition 65 - 32 in their last seven games . Saunders led the charge in this one . His first homer gave Toronto the lead for good , and his second	False
Wright surrendered eight runs in 3 2/3 innings and Jimenez yielded five in 2 1/3 innings . Ryan Flaherty homered for Baltimore in the ninth	True
Turner homered twice and delivered the game-ending RBI single in the 10th inning , lifting the Dodgers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Turner hit a solo homer in the first	True
Turner homered twice and delivered the game-ending RBI single in the 10th inning , lifting the Dodgers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Turner hit a solo homer in the first and another in the eighth	True
Turner homered twice and delivered the game-ending RBI single in the 10th inning , lifting the Dodgers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Turner hit a solo homer in the first and another in the eighth that tied it at 2 . He won it with a bases-loaded single off Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 2 ) with one out in the 10th	True
Turner homered twice and delivered the game-ending RBI single in the 10th inning , lifting the Dodgers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Turner hit a solo homer in the first and another in the eighth that tied it at 2 . He won it with a bases-loaded single off Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 2 ) with one out in the 10th to score Will Venable from third	False
The outburst was just the latest in a scorching two weeks for the third baseman . He is hitting .333 with three doubles , five homers and 11 RBI in his last 12 games since June 4 . Pedro Baez ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless top of the 10th	True
Pedro Baez ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless top of the 10th for the win . With Venable on third	False
Turner salvaged a victory for the Dodgers after the bullpen wasted a brilliant outing from Julio Urias . The touted 19-year-old left-hander struck out eight over five scoreless innings and was pulled after throwing 85 pitches . Reliever Louis Coleman surrendered the tying run in the sixth	True
Reliever Louis Coleman surrendered the tying run in the sixth after replacing Urias , and Scooter Gennett delivered the go-ahead RBI single off Adam Liberatore later in the inning . Turner was there to bring the Dodgers back though , belting his second long home run to left in the eighth	True
Pearce ( sore right elbow ) played in the field for the first time since May 31 , starting at first base , where he made a nice catch on a low throw from shortstop Brad Miller to end the game with the bases loaded . Pearce had a two - run single in the first inning , while Logan Forsythe and Miller drove in runs with two - out hits off Lance McCullers ( 3 - 2 ) in the second	True
Pearce had a two - run single in the first inning , while Logan Forsythe and Miller drove in runs with two - out hits off Lance McCullers ( 3 - 2 ) in the second to give Matt Andriese ( 5 - 0 ) an early four - run lead . Houston rallied with three runs in the sixth	True
The 22-year-old right-hander , who grew up in Tampa , allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . He walked four and struck out seven in his sixth start since returning from a six - week stint on the disabled list because of soreness in his pitching shoulder . Andriese repeatedly worked through trouble to join Matt Moore , James Shields and Jeff Niemann as the only Tampa Bay pitchers to begin a season 5 - 0 or better . The right-hander yielded three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings , turning over a 4 - 3 lead to relievers Erasmo Ramirez , Xavier Cedeno and Alex Colome , who earned his 18th save by working out a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the ninth	True
Houston had nine baserunners ( five singles , four walks ) and two hits with men in scoring position in the first four innings , yet trailed 4 - 0 after Pearce and Forsythe got the Rays off to a fast start . George Springer was thrown out trying to score from second base on Jose Altuve 's single in the first	True
Houston had nine baserunners ( five singles , four walks ) and two hits with men in scoring position in the first four innings , yet trailed 4 - 0 after Pearce and Forsythe got the Rays off to a fast start . George Springer was thrown out trying to score from second base on Jose Altuve 's single in the first , and the Astros left the bases loaded after Marwin Gonzalez , Altuve and Colby Rasmus singled with two outs in the third	True
CINCINNATI -- A little vintage Adam Wainwright and another booed hit by Yadier Molina have the St. Louis Cardinals headed up . Wainwright allowed only two hits in six innings , and Molina 's bases-loaded single snapped a tie in the eighth	True
Wainwright allowed only two hits in six innings , and Molina 's bases-loaded single snapped a tie in the eighth on Thursday night , sending the St. Louis Cardinals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 and yet another series win in their lopsided NL Central rivalry . After a bumpy first	True
Molina also doubled and scored a run in the second inning , getting booed that time , too . Seung Hwan Oh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched one inning in relief of Wainwright , who was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the seventh	True
Molina also doubled and scored a run in the second inning , getting booed that time , too . Seung Hwan Oh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched one inning in relief of Wainwright , who was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the seventh with two runners aboard and the score tied . Trevor Rosenthal retired the side in the ninth	True
Matt Carpenter scored twice , including the go-ahead run after opening the eighth inning with a double . Wainwright had a rough first inning , giving up Jay Bruce 's RBI groundout and Adam Duvall 's run-scoring single . He did n't allow another hit before leaving in the seventh	True
Wainwright has n't had much success against the Reds . Coming into the game , he was 8 - 10 in 24 games against Cincinnati with a 4.51 ERA , his highest against any team except the Mets . Molina doubled off Brandon Finnegan and scored on Brandon Moss ' single in the second inning . The Cardinals tied it with the help of a balk in the sixth	True
The White Sox gave Gonzalez the No . 5 starting spot after designating Mat Latos for assignment before the game . Brett Lawrie added an RBI double in a three - run first	True
Brett Lawrie added an RBI double in a three - run first off Gio Gonzalez ( 3 - 5 ) , who struck out 10 in 6 2/3 innings . Daniel Murphy hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Daniel Murphy hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Nationals , whose three - game winning streak was snapped . Gio Gonzalez walked two straight in the first	True
The Washington lefty then retired 11 straight . He gave up five hits in seven innings . David Robertson worked around two hits in the ninth	True
Brett Oberholtzer ( 2 - 1 ) replaced him and allowed one unearned run following his throwing error in four innings . Bryant hit his 14th homer off Andrew Bailey in the sixth	True
Bryant hit his 14th homer off Andrew Bailey in the sixth , a two - run shot out to left . Zobrist connected one out later to make it 4 - 0 . Chicago scored four runs off Colton Murray in the eighth	False
Chicago scored four runs off Colton Murray in the eighth to extend the lead . The Phillies missed an opportunity in the first	True
Chicago scored four runs off Colton Murray in the eighth to extend the lead . The Phillies missed an opportunity in the first after consecutive singles by Odubel Herrera and Cesar Hernandez put runners on first	False
Chicago scored four runs off Colton Murray in the eighth to extend the lead . The Phillies missed an opportunity in the first after consecutive singles by Odubel Herrera and Cesar Hernandez put runners on first and third	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Desmond hit yet another clutch home run , and the Texas Rangers picked up yet another win over their AL West and instate rivals from Houston . After Desmond 's tiebreaking two - run homer in the eighth inning , closer Sam Dyson pitched out of big trouble in the ninth	True
Desmond 's one - out drive was just over the glove of leaping center fielder Carlos Gomez and came off 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner Dallas Keuchel ( 3 - 8 ) . It tagged the bearded the left-hander with as many losses as he had all last season while winning 20 games . Lefty reliever Jake Diekman ( 1 - 1 ) had a scoreless eighth	True
Lefty reliever Jake Diekman ( 1 - 1 ) had a scoreless eighth after seven solid innings from Cole Hamels . Dyson struck out the side in the ninth	True
Dyson struck out the side in the ninth for his eighth save but not until after giving up a run on a single from Luis Valbuena that put runners at the corners with one out . Dyson got pinch-hitter Tony Kemp and leadoff man George Springer swinging to end the game . Gomez put Houston ahead with a two - run homer in the second	True
Dyson struck out the side in the ninth for his eighth save but not until after giving up a run on a single from Luis Valbuena that put runners at the corners with one out . Dyson got pinch-hitter Tony Kemp and leadoff man George Springer swinging to end the game . Gomez put Houston ahead with a two - run homer in the second off Hamels , who matched a season high with four walks and hit a batter but got help from three double plays , including one to escape a jam in the seventh	True
Gomez put Houston ahead with a two - run homer in the second off Hamels , who matched a season high with four walks and hit a batter but got help from three double plays , including one to escape a jam in the seventh . He had four strikeouts , leaving him two shy of 2,000 . Keuchel gave up 10 hits , including a tying solo homer from Bobby Wilson in the fifth	True
Keuchel gave up 10 hits , including a tying solo homer from Bobby Wilson in the fifth , in 7 1/3 innings . He matched a season high with eight strikeouts . The Astros , who had won 11 of 13 games coming into the four - game series , lost a night after reliever Ken Giles said the Astros were a more talented team following the Rangers ' walk-off win in the ninth	True
Howard hit a solo homer , Jerad Eickhoff threw seven impressive innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Eickhoff ( 3 - 8 ) allowed one run and two hits , striking out eight . Jeanmar Gomez pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the eighth	True
Eickhoff ( 3 - 8 ) allowed one run and two hits , striking out eight . Jeanmar Gomez pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the eighth and got the final six outs for his 19th save in 20 tries . The Cubs , who are second	False
The Cubs , who are second in the NL in runs scored , could n't generate any offense against Jerad Eickhoff , who struck out eight in seven innings . Howard hit his ninth homer way out to right-center to make it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Howard hit his ninth homer way out to right-center to make it 2 - 0 in the fourth . The 2006 NL MVP started for the first time since a fan threw a plastic beer bottle at him after Saturday 's game . Rookie Tommy Joseph has replaced the struggling Howard at first base and started the previous six games . Howard nearly went deep again in the eighth	True
Maikel Franco and Odubel Herrera had RBI singles for the Phillies , who lost the first four games against the Cubs this season . Trailing 3 - 1 , the Cubs loaded the bases with no outs against Hector Neris in the eighth	True
Trailing 3 - 1 , the Cubs loaded the bases with no outs against Hector Neris in the eighth . Gomez entered and retired Dexter Fowler on a sacrifice fly . Jason Heyward then grounded into a double play started by second baseman Andres Blanco , who made an excellent grab on the sharply hit ball and a nifty flip to shortstop Freddy Galvis . Gomez retired David Ross on a grounder to shortstop to end the game with runners on first	False
Trailing 3 - 1 , the Cubs loaded the bases with no outs against Hector Neris in the eighth . Gomez entered and retired Dexter Fowler on a sacrifice fly . Jason Heyward then grounded into a double play started by second baseman Andres Blanco , who made an excellent grab on the sharply hit ball and a nifty flip to shortstop Freddy Galvis . Gomez retired David Ross on a grounder to shortstop to end the game with runners on first and third	False
Gomez retired David Ross on a grounder to shortstop to end the game with runners on first and third . Batting third	False
Deolis Guerra ( 1 - 0 ) struck out three over 1 2/3 innings of relief and picked up his first win with the Angels . The Pirates loaded the bases in the ninth	True
An ineffective outing from Los Angeles starting pitcher Hector Santiago opened the door for the Pirates ' offense . They took advantage of five walks and a hit batsman to take an early lead . Of the 90 pitches thrown by Santiago , just 55 of them were strikes . Starling Marte plated Jordy Mercer with an RBI single in the first	True
An ineffective outing from Los Angeles starting pitcher Hector Santiago opened the door for the Pirates ' offense . They took advantage of five walks and a hit batsman to take an early lead . Of the 90 pitches thrown by Santiago , just 55 of them were strikes . Starling Marte plated Jordy Mercer with an RBI single in the first . With the bases loaded in the second	True
Still , Scioscia and Santiago agree that the lefty is `` close '' to returning to form . After Pujols ' sacrifice fly scored Yunel Escobar in the first	True
Still , Scioscia and Santiago agree that the lefty is `` close '' to returning to form . After Pujols ' sacrifice fly scored Yunel Escobar in the first , Cole allowed just one hit over the next five innings , but got into trouble in the seventh	True
Starlin Castro and Austin Romine each had two RBIs , Alex Rodriguez had three hits and the Yankees squandered most of a seven - run lead before winning 8 - 6 on Saturday night . New York led 7 - 0 before the Orioles hit three homers in a six - run seventh	True
New York led 7 - 0 before the Orioles hit three homers in a six - run seventh . The Yankees then received a strong showing from the back end of their bullpen to make the advantage stand . The Yankees , who took a 7 - 0 lead into the seventh	True
The Yankees , who took a 7 - 0 lead into the seventh , flirted with disaster , giving up three homers and six runs in the inning to the Orioles . Andrew Miller entered in the seventh	True
The Yankees , who took a 7 - 0 lead into the seventh , flirted with disaster , giving up three homers and six runs in the inning to the Orioles . Andrew Miller entered in the seventh and worked two perfect innings . After Rodriguez hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
Yankees manager Joe Girardi was delighted to see his offensively challenged team enjoy its highest scoring outing in 14 games since May 20 . The run he savored most , without question , was the last one . New York finished with 16 hits , one short of its season high . The Yankees came in ranked last in the AL in batting average and 14th	False
New York finished with 16 hits , one short of its season high . The Yankees came in ranked last in the AL in batting average and 14th in runs , but on this night virtually everyone contributed . Ivan Nova ( 4 - 3 ) took a three - hit shutout into the seventh	True
Ivan Nova ( 4 - 3 ) took a three - hit shutout into the seventh but did n't get another out . Mark Trumbo led off with his 18th homer , Matt Wieters singled and Pedro Alvarez hit a shot into the left-field seats . A single , a walk and wild pitch ended Nova 's outing . Nick Goody came in and lasted two pitches , the second	True
Nick Goody came in and lasted two pitches , the second of which Adam Jones launched over the left-field wall to get the Orioles to 7 - 6 . Baltimore would not get another runner to first base until Jones drew a two - out walk in the ninth	True
Orioles starter Tyler Wilson ( 2 - 5 ) lasted four innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . After Romine hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Orioles starter Tyler Wilson ( 2 - 5 ) lasted four innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . After Romine hit a sacrifice fly in the third , New York sent eight men to the plate in a four - run fourth	True
After Romine hit a sacrifice fly in the third , New York sent eight men to the plate in a four - run fourth . Castro and Rob Refsnyder contributed RBI doubles and Romine capped the uprising with a run-scoring single . Castro delivered an RBI single in the fifth	True
After Romine hit a sacrifice fly in the third , New York sent eight men to the plate in a four - run fourth . Castro and Rob Refsnyder contributed RBI doubles and Romine capped the uprising with a run-scoring single . Castro delivered an RBI single in the fifth , and the Yankees made it 7 - 0 in the sixth	True
Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- while throwing a season-high 7 2/3 innings for the Twins . No Minnesota pitcher has three wins . Taylor Motter hit a bloop single with one out in the eighth	True
Ricky Nolasco ( 2 - 4 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- while throwing a season-high 7 2/3 innings for the Twins . No Minnesota pitcher has three wins . Taylor Motter hit a bloop single with one out in the eighth , Hank Conger singled to right field and Motter took third	False
Taylor Motter hit a bloop single with one out in the eighth , Hank Conger singled to right field and Motter took third when Max Kepler bobbled the ball for an error . Two batters later , Miller singled up the middle . Minnesota loaded the bases with two outs in the bottom half , but Kepler struck out , and Morrison homered off Brandon Kintzler in the ninth	True
Tampa Bay 's Jake Odorizzi threw a career-high 120 pitches in six innings , yet allowed just two earned runs and five hits while striking out six . Last Sunday , Odorizzi retired the first 16 Yankees batters before allowing a two - run homer to Starlin Castro in a 2 - 1 loss . Longoria hit his team-leading 11th homer in the first	True
Tampa Bay 's Jake Odorizzi threw a career-high 120 pitches in six innings , yet allowed just two earned runs and five hits while striking out six . Last Sunday , Odorizzi retired the first 16 Yankees batters before allowing a two - run homer to Starlin Castro in a 2 - 1 loss . Longoria hit his team-leading 11th homer in the first , but Nolasco retired the next 10 Rays batters before Steven Souza doubled leading off the fifth	True
Longoria hit his team-leading 11th homer in the first , but Nolasco retired the next 10 Rays batters before Steven Souza doubled leading off the fifth . Souza scored on Mikie Mahtook 's sacrifice fly . Minnesota tied the score in the third	False
Longoria hit his team-leading 11th homer in the first , but Nolasco retired the next 10 Rays batters before Steven Souza doubled leading off the fifth . Souza scored on Mikie Mahtook 's sacrifice fly . Minnesota tied the score in the third when Byron Buxton led off with a triple -- getting from home to third	False
Sanchez ( 5 - 1 ) allowed seven hits , walked two and struck out six . The Yankees had two baserunners in each of the second	True
Sanchez ( 5 - 1 ) allowed seven hits , walked two and struck out six . The Yankees had two baserunners in each of the second , third	True
Sanchez said his curveball was a key pitch in escaping those jams . Sanchez left with two outs and runners at first	False
Sanchez said his curveball was a key pitch in escaping those jams . Sanchez left with two outs and runners at first and second	False
Sanchez said his curveball was a key pitch in escaping those jams . Sanchez left with two outs and runners at first and second in the seventh	True
Sanchez said his curveball was a key pitch in escaping those jams . Sanchez left with two outs and runners at first and second in the seventh . Newly acquired Jason Grilli came on and threw an errant pickoff to second	False
Sanchez left with two outs and runners at first and second in the seventh . Newly acquired Jason Grilli came on and threw an errant pickoff to second , advancing the runner , but escaped by getting Carlos Beltran to fly out . Aaron Loup worked the eighth	True
The Yankees have scored five runs in their past four games . The Blue Jays opened the scoring on Josh Donaldson 's RBI single in the fifth	True
The Yankees have scored five runs in their past four games . The Blue Jays opened the scoring on Josh Donaldson 's RBI single in the fifth . Toronto doubled its lead in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays opened the scoring on Josh Donaldson 's RBI single in the fifth . Toronto doubled its lead in the sixth when Saunders doubled , advanced on Jacoby Ellsbury 's fielding error and scored on Russell Martin 's double play groundout . The Blue Jays scored five runs in a bat-around seventh	True
The Blue Jays scored five runs in a bat-around seventh against Kirby Yates and Nick Goody . Encarnacion and Justin Smoak each had two - run singles and Saunders added an RBI double . Designated hitter Alex Rodriguez returned to New York 's lineup after sitting out the previous two games . Batting sixth	False
Davies ( 3 - 3 ) allowed three hits and retired 13 in a row to finish the longest outing of his young career before yielding to Jeremy Jeffress . The closer gave up a pinch-hit solo homer to Brandon Moss before retiring the final three batters for his 13th save . It was a memorable afternoon for Davies , who got stronger as the game wore on . He struck out the side in the eighth	True
It was a memorable afternoon for Davies , who got stronger as the game wore on . He struck out the side in the eighth to draw a standing ovation from an appreciative hometown crowd . Davies , a 23-year-old right-hander , did n't allow a runner to reach second	False
Davies , a 23-year-old right-hander , did n't allow a runner to reach second . He kept hitters guessing with his fastball , curve , cutter and changeup . That left the Cardinals frustrated after entering the day second	False
That left the Cardinals frustrated after entering the day second in the National League with 71 homers and a .460 slugging percentage . The Brewers scratched out two runs in the first	True
That left the Cardinals frustrated after entering the day second in the National League with 71 homers and a .460 slugging percentage . The Brewers scratched out two runs in the first off Jaime Garcia ( 4 - 5 ) and added insurance with Martin Maldonado 's solo homer in the sixth	True
In the fourth inning of the Dodgers ' 14 - 3 victory over Arizona on Sunday , Ross Stripling 's pitch , called a ball , deflected off catcher Yasmani Grandal 's throat guard and lodged inside his chest protector . Home plate umpire Todd Tichenor ruled the play a wild pitch and advanced the runners one base , bringing Arizona ' Jake Lamb home from third	False
Yasmani Grandal and Corey Seager each hit three - run home runs , Joc Pederson added a two - run shot for the Dodgers who scored 25 runs in the three - game series . Stripling , the first	False
Grandal , who went 3 for 5 with and scored three times , hit his 15th home run of the season off reliever Dominic Leone in the sixth inning . Seager , who also had three hits , added his 18th off Steve Hathaway in the seventh	True
Grandal , who went 3 for 5 with and scored three times , hit his 15th home run of the season off reliever Dominic Leone in the sixth inning . Seager , who also had three hits , added his 18th off Steve Hathaway in the seventh , and Pederson got his 16th off Evan Marshall in the eighth	True
Grandal , who went 3 for 5 with and scored three times , hit his 15th home run of the season off reliever Dominic Leone in the sixth inning . Seager , who also had three hits , added his 18th off Steve Hathaway in the seventh , and Pederson got his 16th off Evan Marshall in the eighth to finish off the Dodgers ' comeback from a 3 - 0 deficit in the fourth	True
Heyward made it home with a headfirst slide , sparking a frenzied celebration at Wrigley Field . The Cubs trailed 6 - 3 before they pushed across three runs in the ninth	True
What they saw was a shaky three innings . Matusz , who signed a minor league deal with Chicago in June after he was cut by Atlanta , allowed six hits , walked two , threw a wild pitch and hit a batter . Long after Matusz departed , Wood worked out of a jam in the sixth	True
What they saw was a shaky three innings . Matusz , who signed a minor league deal with Chicago in June after he was cut by Atlanta , allowed six hits , walked two , threw a wild pitch and hit a batter . Long after Matusz departed , Wood worked out of a jam in the sixth and then made a solid grab while playing left in the seventh	True
Long after Matusz departed , Wood worked out of a jam in the sixth and then made a solid grab while playing left in the seventh . Wood hauled in Franklin Gutierrez 's liner as he collided with the ivy-covered wall , earning a standing ovation from the crowd of 40,952 and big smiles from Maddon and reliever Pedro Strop . Wood returned to the mound in the eighth	True
Long after Matusz departed , Wood worked out of a jam in the sixth and then made a solid grab while playing left in the seventh . Wood hauled in Franklin Gutierrez 's liner as he collided with the ivy-covered wall , earning a standing ovation from the crowd of 40,952 and big smiles from Maddon and reliever Pedro Strop . Wood returned to the mound in the eighth and threw to first	False
MILWAUKEE -- Once Zach Davies got going , the Arizona Diamondbacks did n't have much of a chance . Davies pitched 6 1/3 effective innings , Hernan Perez hit a two - run homer , singled and scored the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
Davies is now 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA with four walks and 17 strikeouts in four starts in July . Davies got some key run support for Perez , who started at shortstop for benched Jonathan Villar . Perez crushed Robbie Ray 's first pitch 458 feet off the facing of the scoreboard in deep center for the two - run homer in the third	True
Davies ( 8 - 4 ) allowed three runs -two earned- on six hits . Facing the Diamondbacks for the first time , he walked one and struck out five . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the ninth	True
Jeremy Jeffress pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 25 chances . The Brewers added a run when Kirk Nieuwenhuis homered off Tyler Clippard leading off the eighth	True
The Brewers added a run when Kirk Nieuwenhuis homered off Tyler Clippard leading off the eighth . Ray ( 5 - 10 ) cruised through the first five innings , then struggled in the sixth	True
If the bullpen does n't get squared away , Hale hinted at some changes . Ray struck out five straight batters , including the side in the second	True
So what made this start so much different ? After Colorado loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
After Colorado loaded the bases with one out in the third , Tillman retired Nolan Arenado on a foul popup and was within a strike of getting out of the jam when Gonzalez lined a double into the left-field corner . Story followed with a two - run single for a 4 - 0 lead . Arenado picked up his 78th RBI with a double in the fifth	True
PITTSBURGH -- The strained right calf that sidelined Felix Hernandez for a third	False
Hernandez picked up his first victory since May 21 despite getting touched for four runs over the first two innings , including a 416-foot homer by pitcher Francisco Liriano . Though Hernandez ( 5 - 4 ) never retired the Pirates in order , he found a way to get through six innings while giving his teammates enough time to get going at the plate . Kyle Seager 's three hits for Seattle included his 20th home run , and Franklin Gutierrez added his 10th	False
Kyle Seager 's three hits for Seattle included his 20th home run , and Franklin Gutierrez added his 10th off Liriano ( 6 - 10 ) as the Mariners began a rare trip to Pittsburgh by overcoming a three - run deficit and holding on late . The Pirates brought the tying run to the plate in the sixth	True
Kyle Seager 's three hits for Seattle included his 20th home run , and Franklin Gutierrez added his 10th off Liriano ( 6 - 10 ) as the Mariners began a rare trip to Pittsburgh by overcoming a three - run deficit and holding on late . The Pirates brought the tying run to the plate in the sixth , seventh	True
Kyle Seager 's three hits for Seattle included his 20th home run , and Franklin Gutierrez added his 10th off Liriano ( 6 - 10 ) as the Mariners began a rare trip to Pittsburgh by overcoming a three - run deficit and holding on late . The Pirates brought the tying run to the plate in the sixth , seventh and eighth innings but failed to get even one man across the plate . Seattle 's only perfect inning came in the ninth	True
Hernandez spent nearly two months on the disabled list and hardly looked like his dominant self while slogging through 6 2/3 innings in a no-decision against the Chicago White Sox last Wednesday . It looked like more of the same early . Polanco 's shot to center field just cleared the wall in the first	True
It looked like more of the same early . Polanco 's shot to center field just cleared the wall in the first . Starling Marte drilled an RBI triple off the wall in right and Jung Ho Kang added a run-scoring groundout to stake Liriano to a quick 3 - 0 lead . When Liriano sent a Hernandez offering into the bushes beyond center in the second	True
When Liriano sent a Hernandez offering into the bushes beyond center in the second , the Pirates appeared to be in command with a 4 - 1 advantage . But Hernandez eventually settled down and his teammates went after Liriano , who was dogged by control issues again . He threw nearly as many balls ( 34 ) as strikes ( 38 ) while walking four . The pitches he did get around the plate were often hammered . Gutierrez homered leading off the third	True
But Hernandez eventually settled down and his teammates went after Liriano , who was dogged by control issues again . He threw nearly as many balls ( 34 ) as strikes ( 38 ) while walking four . The pitches he did get around the plate were often hammered . Gutierrez homered leading off the third and Seager tied it at 4 four batters later . An RBI double by Shawn O'Malley and a run-scoring single by Robinson Cano helped chase Liriano in the fourth	True
There has n't been much love for the White Sox since a 23 - 10 start . They 've been in a tailspin ever since , but they at least got a bit of a break after dropping eight of nine . They beat the Tigers 4 - 3 on a single by Eaton in the ninth	True
They beat the Tigers 4 - 3 on a single by Eaton in the ninth after play was suspended the previous night because of rain and finished the day with another wild victory . Robertson got the win in both , though he did n't feel like he deserved it after that rough ninth	True
Robertson did his best to help the White Sox get two victories on Sunday . He came in with a 4 - 1 lead after Jose Quintana dominated into the seventh	True
That gave the White Sox a four - game split against the playoff-contending Tigers . Quintana pitched three - hit ball over 6 2/3 scoreless innings , and Eaton made it 4 - 0 with his three - run homer against Anibal Sanchez in the second	True
Quintana pitched three - hit ball over 6 2/3 scoreless innings , and Eaton made it 4 - 0 with his three - run homer against Anibal Sanchez in the second . Detroit 's Andrew Romine hit a solo drive off Nate Jones in the eighth	True
Sanchez allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He settled down after Eaton went deep , but his future in the rotation is uncertain with Daniel Norris ( oblique ) and Jordan Zimmerman ( neck ) working their way back from injuries . Andrew Romine hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Sanchez allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He settled down after Eaton went deep , but his future in the rotation is uncertain with Daniel Norris ( oblique ) and Jordan Zimmerman ( neck ) working their way back from injuries . Andrew Romine hit a solo homer in the eighth against Nate Jones , but Victor Martinez struck out with runners on first	False
Sanchez allowed four runs and 10 hits in six innings . He settled down after Eaton went deep , but his future in the rotation is uncertain with Daniel Norris ( oblique ) and Jordan Zimmerman ( neck ) working their way back from injuries . Andrew Romine hit a solo homer in the eighth against Nate Jones , but Victor Martinez struck out with runners on first and second	False
Votto has hit safely in all seven games since the All-Star break , going 12 for 23 with a double , three homers , eight RBI and seven walks . Tucker Barnhart added a solo homer in the sixth	True
Votto has hit safely in all seven games since the All-Star break , going 12 for 23 with a double , three homers , eight RBI and seven walks . Tucker Barnhart added a solo homer in the sixth off Randall Delgado . Brandon Phillips later singled home a run , extending his hitting streak to 10 games . Zack Cozart had an RBI double in the eighth	True
Other than Harper 's home run , the Nationals were buzzing about Turner 's second triple in two nights and the speedy second baseman 's steal of home on a botched pickoff attempt in the sixth inning . It was an eventful but not so exciting night for Norris ( 5 - 8 ) , who gave up six runs on seven hits in five - plus innings before giving way to the bullpen . He struck out eight as part of an inconsistent outing , and it did n't help that he allowed three home runs , including back-to-back from Revere and Werth in the fifth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 7 ) lasted only four innings and gave up nine runs , seven of them earned . He usually fares well at Coors Field -- with a better home ERA ( 4.27 ) than on the road ( 4.38 ) since joining Colorado . Tampa Bay trailed 2 - 1 before breaking open the game with three runs in third	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 7 ) lasted only four innings and gave up nine runs , seven of them earned . He usually fares well at Coors Field -- with a better home ERA ( 4.27 ) than on the road ( 4.38 ) since joining Colorado . Tampa Bay trailed 2 - 1 before breaking open the game with three runs in third and five more in the fourth	True
With two doubles Wednesday , Longoria has 50 extra base hits this season . Only one other Tampa Bay player , Aubrey Huff in 2003 , had that many through 94 games . Longoria is playing well as the Aug. 1 deadline approaches for trades without waivers . Archer does n't want to picture a lineup missing Longoria at third base and batting third	False
Longoria is playing well as the Aug. 1 deadline approaches for trades without waivers . Archer does n't want to picture a lineup missing Longoria at third base and batting third . Archer allowed two runs in the second	True
Longoria is playing well as the Aug. 1 deadline approaches for trades without waivers . Archer does n't want to picture a lineup missing Longoria at third base and batting third . Archer allowed two runs in the second but quickly settled into a groove . He struck out the side in the fourth	True
Miami 's Wei-Yin Chen ( 5 - 4 ) gave up four runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . Chris Johnson hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Chris Johnson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Marlins . Goeddel snapped an 0 - for - 16 slump with an opposite-field shot to right to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Chris Johnson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Marlins . Goeddel snapped an 0 - for - 16 slump with an opposite-field shot to right to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first . He lined an RBI single to right to make it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Goeddel snapped an 0 - for - 16 slump with an opposite-field shot to right to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead in the first . He lined an RBI single to right to make it 3 - 0 in the second . Peter Bourjos had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Gyorko had n't been familiar with either of the starting pitchers . After the first game he did his best to downplay it all , saying he felt `` far from '' Superman . Carlos Martinez ( 9 - 6 ) was dominant after a shaky first inning and a nosebleed in the second	True
Carlos Martinez ( 9 - 6 ) was dominant after a shaky first inning and a nosebleed in the second , and the Cardinals took the opener 4 - 2 . Gyorko , Matt Holliday and Yadier Molina homered off Colin Rea ( 5 - 4 ) . Ryan Schimpf homered in both games for San Diego with his sixth	False
Carlos Martinez ( 9 - 6 ) was dominant after a shaky first inning and a nosebleed in the second , and the Cardinals took the opener 4 - 2 . Gyorko , Matt Holliday and Yadier Molina homered off Colin Rea ( 5 - 4 ) . Ryan Schimpf homered in both games for San Diego with his sixth and seventh	False
All 11 runs in the twin bill scored on homers . Garcia ( 7 - 6 ) allowed a run in 5 2/3 innings in the second game and Seung Hwan Oh earned his fourth save in five chances , and second	False
Garcia ( 7 - 6 ) allowed a run in 5 2/3 innings in the second game and Seung Hwan Oh earned his fourth save in five chances , and second of the day . Oh is the first Cardinals pitcher to save both ends of a doubleheader since Jason Isringhausen against the Pirates in 2004 . The Padres had two on and no outs in the fifth	True
Not that it mattered . Jonathan Lucroy drove in three runs , including a two - run single in the sixth inning , as the Brewers bounced back from consecutive walk-off losses by keeping steady traffic on the bases against five pitchers . The top three batters in the lineup -- Jonathan Villar , Hernan Perez and Ryan Braun -- had two hits each for Milwaukee while Chris Carter and Scooter Gennett drove in two runs apiece . Milwaukee led 5 - 4 in the sixth	True
Carlos Torres ( 2 - 1 ) won in relief of Anderson , who struggled once again but was bailed out by an offense that took it to Jeff Locke ( 8 - 6 ) , who gave up five runs in three - plus innings . Jordy Mercer went 2 for 3 with two RBI for the Pirates . David Freese doubled twice and Starling Marte added a pair of hits but Pittsburgh could n't catch up following another shaky outing by Locke . The left-hander 's ERA this month ballooned to 8.16 in four appearances after he was pulled with the bases loaded and no outs in the fourth	True
SEATTLE -- Melky Cabrera 's home run gave Chicago the lead . Todd Frazier 's shot in the ninth gave the White Sox a much needed opportunity to relax . Cabrera hit a tie-breaking homer leading off the seventh inning , Frazier added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
After sputtering to open the second half of the season , the White Sox used three home runs and a strong performance from lefty Jose Quintana to finally snap their skid . Cabrera lined his ninth home run of the season -- and second batting right-handed -- just over the wall in left field off Seattle starter Wade Miley ( 6 - 7 ) to snap a 1 - 1 tie . Shuck added an RBI single later in the seventh inning and Frazier capped the White Sox 's first win since July 9 with his 27th home run in the ninth	True
Cabrera lined his ninth home run of the season -- and second batting right-handed -- just over the wall in left field off Seattle starter Wade Miley ( 6 - 7 ) to snap a 1 - 1 tie . Shuck added an RBI single later in the seventh inning and Frazier capped the White Sox 's first win since July 9 with his 27th home run in the ninth . Brett Lawrie also hit a solo home run , his 12th	False
Brett Lawrie also hit a solo home run , his 12th . Quintana ( 8 - 8 ) threw six innings and his only major mistake was Robinson Cano 's 22nd home run in the fourth inning . And Quintana made key pitches when Seattle had runners in scoring position in both the fifth	True
Quintana ( 8 - 8 ) threw six innings and his only major mistake was Robinson Cano 's 22nd home run in the fourth inning . And Quintana made key pitches when Seattle had runners in scoring position in both the fifth and sixth innings . Quintana struck out Cano to end the fifth	True
Quintana ( 8 - 8 ) threw six innings and his only major mistake was Robinson Cano 's 22nd home run in the fourth inning . And Quintana made key pitches when Seattle had runners in scoring position in both the fifth and sixth innings . Quintana struck out Cano to end the fifth with runners on the corners . In the sixth	True
Quintana allowed six hits in six innings and struck out seven . He 's won his last three starts after going 0 - 7 over a span of nine starts from the middle of May until the end of June . Miley lost his fifth straight start , his last win coming on June 7 . It was a better performance than his last start before the All-Star break where Miley allowed 10 hits and four runs against Kansas City , but he was unable to get through the seventh	True
The Reds ( 35 - 58 ) have taken three of five this season against the Braves , who have the majors ' worst record ( 32 - 61 ) . Atlanta is 19 - 31 all-time at Great American Ball Park , including five losses in its last six games . The Reds connected three times off Matt Wisler ( 4 - 9 ) , who has given up five homers in his last two starts . Cozart led off the fourth	True
The former NL Most Valuable Player also had a subpar first half last season , then led the majors by batting .362 after the All-Star break . So far this July , he 's batting .351 . Left-hander Brandon Finnegan ( 5 - 7 ) pitched into the sixth	True
The former NL Most Valuable Player also had a subpar first half last season , then led the majors by batting .362 after the All-Star break . So far this July , he 's batting .351 . Left-hander Brandon Finnegan ( 5 - 7 ) pitched into the sixth and gave up seven hits -- three of them by Adonis Garcia , who hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He needed just 39 pitches to get through four innings against the Yankees and retired his first 14 batters before Alex Rodriguez hit a slow hopper the pitcher could n't come up with on a bare-hand try about 45 feet from the plate on the third base side . New York closed the gap with a three - run sixth	True
He needed just 39 pitches to get through four innings against the Yankees and retired his first 14 batters before Alex Rodriguez hit a slow hopper the pitcher could n't come up with on a bare-hand try about 45 feet from the plate on the third base side . New York closed the gap with a three - run sixth , when Wright hit Chase Headley on the thigh with a pitch and loaded the bases with a walk to Jacoby Ellsbury . Carlos Beltran had a two - run single on a ball that zipped past first baseman Hanley Ramirez and down the right-field line , and Brian McCann hit an RBI grounder as Ramirez bounced his throw to second	False
Hanigan 's third-inning homer was his first since last Aug. 19 off Cleveland 's Corey Kluber , and the ball was caught by reliever Robbie Ross Jr. , who stuck out his cap to snag it in the visitors ' bullpen in left field . Shaw hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Hanigan 's third-inning homer was his first since last Aug. 19 off Cleveland 's Corey Kluber , and the ball was caught by reliever Robbie Ross Jr. , who stuck out his cap to snag it in the visitors ' bullpen in left field . Shaw hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Bogaerts made it 5 - 0 with a two - run drive in the sixth	True
With the win , the Cubs carry a seven - game lead over the second-place St. Louis Cardinals into the break . Cubs reliever Pedro Strop ( 2 - 2 ) gave up Andrew McCutchen 's tying sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Cubs reliever Pedro Strop ( 2 - 2 ) gave up Andrew McCutchen 's tying sacrifice fly in the seventh , Carl Edwards pitched a hitless eight and Hector Rondon got the last three outs for his 14th save . The Pirates tied the score at 5 - 5 after the Cubs failed to turn a double play off a dribbler from Starling Marte in the seventh	True
Cubs reliever Pedro Strop ( 2 - 2 ) gave up Andrew McCutchen 's tying sacrifice fly in the seventh , Carl Edwards pitched a hitless eight and Hector Rondon got the last three outs for his 14th save . The Pirates tied the score at 5 - 5 after the Cubs failed to turn a double play off a dribbler from Starling Marte in the seventh . With rookie Josh Bell at second base and John Jaso at first	False
Cubs reliever Pedro Strop ( 2 - 2 ) gave up Andrew McCutchen 's tying sacrifice fly in the seventh , Carl Edwards pitched a hitless eight and Hector Rondon got the last three outs for his 14th save . The Pirates tied the score at 5 - 5 after the Cubs failed to turn a double play off a dribbler from Starling Marte in the seventh . With rookie Josh Bell at second base and John Jaso at first , Marte grounded to shortstop Addison Russell with Bell running back to second	False
The Pirates tied the score at 5 - 5 after the Cubs failed to turn a double play off a dribbler from Starling Marte in the seventh . With rookie Josh Bell at second base and John Jaso at first , Marte grounded to shortstop Addison Russell with Bell running back to second . Russell did n't tag Bell and instead handed off to second baseman Ben Zobrist , whose relay throw to first failed to beat Marte . First baseman Anthony Rizzo threw back across the diamond to third	False
With runners on the corners and one out , McCutchen drove in Bell with a fly to deep right field . Strop ended the inning by getting David Freese on a fly ball . Strop had come in for starter John Lackey , who had another inconsistent outing . After allowing four runs in his first three innings , which included McCutchen 's 14th home run of the season and his second	False
The Giants ' bullpen , which began the day tied with Cincinnati with a major league-worst 17 blown saves , combined for 4 2/3 scoreless innings . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
Arizona 's Robbie Ray ( 4 - 8 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings in his third start against San Francisco this season . He struck out seven and walked three . Pagan singled with two outs in the third	True
Pagan singled with two outs in the third then had to be checked by a team trainer after getting hit in the back of the head by the ball while stealing second base . Belt followed with his triple to right-center . The Diamondbacks took the lead with four consecutive hits to open the fourth	True
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles will stand alone atop the AL East at the All-Star break , thanks to another home run by Mark Trumbo and a comeback fueled by an unusual balk . Jonathan Schoop trotted home with the tying run in the seventh inning and delivered the decisive RBI single in the eighth	True
Angels starter Nick Tropeano gave up one run and five hits in six innings , striking out eight . He left with a 2 - 1 lead , but the bullpen promptly gave it away . After the Orioles got runners to second	False
Angels starter Nick Tropeano gave up one run and five hits in six innings , striking out eight . He left with a 2 - 1 lead , but the bullpen promptly gave it away . After the Orioles got runners to second and third	False
Angels starter Nick Tropeano gave up one run and five hits in six innings , striking out eight . He left with a 2 - 1 lead , but the bullpen promptly gave it away . After the Orioles got runners to second and third in the seventh	True
After the Orioles got runners to second and third in the seventh against JC Ramirez , Joe Smith ( 1 - 4 ) came in and immediately dropped the ball from the set position for a balk , enabling Schoop to score . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Manny Machado and Chris Davis singled before Schoop lined a single to center to bring in the go-ahead run . Brad Brach ( 6 - 1 ) worked the eighth	True
Daniel Nava had two RBI for the Angels , who were bidding for their season-high fifth straight win . Limited to three hits over the first five innings , Los Angeles erased a 1 - 0 deficit in the sixth	True
Limited to three hits over the first five innings , Los Angeles erased a 1 - 0 deficit in the sixth . Two singles and a walk loaded the bases for Nava , who ripped a two - run single off the right-field scoreboard . Mychal Givens replaced Gallardo and pitched out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam . In the seventh	True
Limited to three hits over the first five innings , Los Angeles erased a 1 - 0 deficit in the sixth . Two singles and a walk loaded the bases for Nava , who ripped a two - run single off the right-field scoreboard . Mychal Givens replaced Gallardo and pitched out of a bases-loaded , no-out jam . In the seventh , Givens struck out Mike Trout with two outs and a runner on third	False
Atlanta 's Adonis Garcia had his first four - hit game , including two doubles and two RBI . Gordon Beckham added three hits and Jeff Francoeur had three RBI . Markakis hit his third homer in two nights to boost his season total to five . Freeman had his team-leading 15th	False
Chicago 's Todd Frazier hit his 24th homer and Adam Eaton added solo shot off Atlanta starter Matt Wisler ( 4 - 8 ) , who gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings but got his first win since June 16 . The Braves scored four runs in the fifth	True
The White Sox became the first team in the majors to turn three triple plays in a season since the 1979 -- when Oakland and Boston did it . With Chase d'Arnaud on second base and Beckham on first	False
The White Sox became the first team in the majors to turn three triple plays in a season since the 1979 -- when Oakland and Boston did it . With Chase d'Arnaud on second base and Beckham on first in the third inning , Freeman hit a soft liner that rookie shortstop Tim Anderson trapped . Anderson tagged d'Arnaud as he tried to retreat to second	False
The White Sox became the first team in the majors to turn three triple plays in a season since the 1979 -- when Oakland and Boston did it . With Chase d'Arnaud on second base and Beckham on first in the third inning , Freeman hit a soft liner that rookie shortstop Tim Anderson trapped . Anderson tagged d'Arnaud as he tried to retreat to second for the first	False
The White Sox became the first team in the majors to turn three triple plays in a season since the 1979 -- when Oakland and Boston did it . With Chase d'Arnaud on second base and Beckham on first in the third inning , Freeman hit a soft liner that rookie shortstop Tim Anderson trapped . Anderson tagged d'Arnaud as he tried to retreat to second for the first out . Anderson stepped on second	False
Anderson and Dioner Navarro each hit a two - run homer off CC Sabathia , helping James Shields and the Chicago White Sox beat the New York Yankees 8 - 2 on Monday . Chicago had a string of 15 consecutive solo shots , matching a franchise record , before Anderson connected in the third inning , tying it at 2 . Brett Lawrie hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
While Sabathia is struggling , Shields ( 4 - 9 ) got his second straight win after a long slump that started with San Diego and carried over to Chicago after he was acquired in a trade a month ago . The right-hander , who went 0 - 2 with a 15.80 ERA in his first four starts for the White Sox , limited New York to five hits in six innings . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth	True
While Sabathia is struggling , Shields ( 4 - 9 ) got his second straight win after a long slump that started with San Diego and carried over to Chicago after he was acquired in a trade a month ago . The right-hander , who went 0 - 2 with a 15.80 ERA in his first four starts for the White Sox , limited New York to five hits in six innings . The Yankees loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Shields retired Aaron Hicks on a fly to right to end the inning . They put the first two batters on in the eighth	False
New York ( 40 - 42 ) went 0 for 13 with runners in scoring position . The Yankees also were hurt by three errors by the normally sure-handed Gregorius at shortstop , including a flubbed grounder that helped the White Sox score two runs in the eighth	True
Seager extended his hitting streak to 17 games with a fourth-inning RBI single . His streak is the longest in the NL this season and the third-longest by a rookie in the Dodgers ' tenure in Los Angeles . The precocious shortstop then hustled for a triple on his drive down the right field line off Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Fernandez gave up two homers and a career-high nine runs and the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 1 on Saturday . Freddie Freeman hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jace Peterson hit a three - run homer in Atlanta 's seven - run sixth	True
Lucas Harrell ( 1 - 0 ) , recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett before the game , allowed only one run on three hits in six innings as he made his first start in the majors in two years . The Marlins , who began the day third	False
The four - game series will conclude on Sunday at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , in a salute-the-troops game at the military installation . Peterson doubled to left field in the first	True
The four - game series will conclude on Sunday at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , in a salute-the-troops game at the military installation . Peterson doubled to left field in the first , moved to third	False
Having Pierzynski added to Harrell 's sense of comfort . Braves rookie left-hander Dario Alvarez gave up singles to Chris Johnson and Jeff Mathis in the ninth	True
After losing back-to-back games to the Yankees in New York on the last at-bat , including a six - run rally Wednesday against relievers Matt Bush and Sam Dyson , the league-leading Rangers improved to 18 - 6 in one - run decisions this year . Dyson surrendered a leadoff single in the 10th	True
Flip their record , and it 's still three games better than the Twins ( 25 - 54 ) . Trevor Plouffe tied the game for the Twins with a two - run home run in the seventh	True
Trevor Plouffe tied the game for the Twins with a two - run home run in the seventh that spoiled Martin Perez 's shutout bid , but Desmond took Fernando Abad ( 1 - 3 ) deep to start the extra session . Abad has taken the loss in three of his last four appearances . Ervin Santana turned in his third straight sturdy start for the Twins , though he needed 117 pitches to log 6 1/3 innings . Two of his three walks came in the seventh	True
Ervin Santana turned in his third straight sturdy start for the Twins , though he needed 117 pitches to log 6 1/3 innings . Two of his three walks came in the seventh , when pinch-hitter Jurickson Profar put the Rangers in front with a two - run single off reliever Ryan Pressly . Santana struck out five and allowed only three hits . Perez retired the first 10 batters he faced and finished the fourth	True
Ervin Santana turned in his third straight sturdy start for the Twins , though he needed 117 pitches to log 6 1/3 innings . Two of his three walks came in the seventh , when pinch-hitter Jurickson Profar put the Rangers in front with a two - run single off reliever Ryan Pressly . Santana struck out five and allowed only three hits . Perez retired the first 10 batters he faced and finished the fourth , fifth	True
Perez retired the first 10 batters he faced and finished the fourth , fifth and sixth innings with double plays . In the fifth	True
Perez retired the first 10 batters he faced and finished the fourth , fifth and sixth innings with double plays . In the fifth , after Max Kepler sacrificed to move the runners up to second	False
Perez retired the first 10 batters he faced and finished the fourth , fifth and sixth innings with double plays . In the fifth , after Max Kepler sacrificed to move the runners up to second and third	False
Colin Rea ( 5 - 3 ) pitched six strong innings for the Padres , who snapped a three - game losing streak and handed the Yankees their fourth loss in six games . The righty held New York to two runs , one earned , and four hits while striking out five and walking one . The Padres , who traded closer Fernando Rodney to Miami on Thursday , then gave up four runs in the ninth	True
The Padres , who traded closer Fernando Rodney to Miami on Thursday , then gave up four runs in the ninth . After Matt Thornton allowed pinch-hitter Alex Rodriguez 's RBI single that pulled the Yankees to 7 - 3 , Brandon Maurer came on with two on and none out in the ninth	True
Myers did n't slow down even though the calendar has turned to July . He had 11 homers , 33 RBI and 21 extra-base hits in June . Myers hit a two - run , opposite-field shot to right off Nathan Eovaldi in the fifth	True
Myers hit a two - run , opposite-field shot to right off Nathan Eovaldi in the fifth . Travis Jankowski was aboard on a leadoff single . New York 's Brian McCann homered with one out in the sixth	True
Myers hit a two - run , opposite-field shot to right off Nathan Eovaldi in the fifth . Travis Jankowski was aboard on a leadoff single . New York 's Brian McCann homered with one out in the sixth off Rea , his 13th	False
New York 's Brian McCann homered with one out in the sixth off Rea , his 13th . The Padres jumped on Eovaldi for three runs in the first	True
The Padres jumped on Eovaldi for three runs in the first , on an RBI single by Melvin Upton Jr. and Derek Norris ' two - run double . Ellsbury hit an RBI single for the Yankees in the second	True
ATLANTA -- Marlins ace Jose Fernandez , making the first pinch-hit appearance of his career , drove in the go-ahead run with a two - run double in the 12th inning , helping the Miami Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 on Friday night . The dramatic moment overshadowed the meltdown of closer A. J. Ramos , who blew a save in the ninth	True
The dramatic moment overshadowed the meltdown of closer A. J. Ramos , who blew a save in the ninth for Miami . Ramos had converted 33 straight saves , one short of the franchise record , before Tyler Flowers led off with his sixth homer to force a 5 - 5 tie . Fernandez , one of baseball 's most dynamic starters , began the game with a .222 batting average in 27 at-bats . With the pitcher 's spot due up in the 12th	True
Fernandez is Miami 's starter Saturday . Before the game , Marlins manager Don Mattingly said that Ramos would remain the closer after the team traded for Fernando Rodney . Rodney did his job , facing four batters in a scoreless eighth	True
Before the game , Marlins manager Don Mattingly said that Ramos would remain the closer after the team traded for Fernando Rodney . Rodney did his job , facing four batters in a scoreless eighth , but Ramos was n't as lucky . Rodney , whose 253 career saves rank fifth	False
Casey Kelly ( 0 - 3 ) , the sixth Atlanta pitcher used , took the loss . Marcell Ozuna went 4 - for - 6 , homered and drove in three runs for Miami . Martin Prado , Christian Yelich and Ozuna each had a two - out hit in the seventh	True
Marcell Ozuna went 4 - for - 6 , homered and drove in three runs for Miami . Martin Prado , Christian Yelich and Ozuna each had a two - out hit in the seventh , when Miami scored twice to take a 5 - 4 lead . Braves ace Julio Teheran began the night having pitched 23 consecutive scoreless innings , but his career-best streak ended quickly when Miami took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Braves ace Julio Teheran began the night having pitched 23 consecutive scoreless innings , but his career-best streak ended quickly when Miami took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Derek Dietrich 's leadoff homer and Ozuna 's 17th homer , a two - run shot . Teheran avoided trouble in the second	True
Braves ace Julio Teheran began the night having pitched 23 consecutive scoreless innings , but his career-best streak ended quickly when Miami took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Derek Dietrich 's leadoff homer and Ozuna 's 17th homer , a two - run shot . Teheran avoided trouble in the second , when he struck out Yelich to strand the bases loaded , but Yelich chased him in the seventh	True
Teheran allowed 11 hits and five runs and struck out six in 6 2/3 innings . His ERA rose .26 points to 2.72 . Atlanta cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the second	True
In his previous 12 starts , Teheran was just 3 - 5 despite a 1.61 ERA and a .160 opponents ' batting average . Marlins starter Justin Nicolino gave up seven hits , four runs , one walk and struck out one in five innings . The left-hander blew a 3 - 0 lead when Chase d'Arnaud hit his first career homer , a two - run shot , to put the Braves up 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
In LeBlanc 's debut with the Mariners on June 24 , he went six innings against St. Louis , allowing three hits without a run . He had a 23 2/3 innings scoreless streak -- dating to 2014 -- entering Friday 's game . Another newcomer , hard-throwing Edwin Diaz , promoted from Double-A Jackson June 6 , is also making an impact . In the eighth	True
Another newcomer , hard-throwing Edwin Diaz , promoted from Double-A Jackson June 6 , is also making an impact . In the eighth , he struck out Adam Jones , Manny Machado and Chris Davis . He has 26 strikeouts in first 13 relief appearances . Steve Cishek worked the ninth	True
The teams traded early home runs . Seattle 's Seth Smith hit one in the first inning -- his eighth -- and Baltimore 's Davis went deep in the second -- his 20th . It was Davis ' 181st as an Oriole , one behind Ken Singleton for eighth place on the club 's all-time list . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The teams traded early home runs . Seattle 's Seth Smith hit one in the first inning -- his eighth -- and Baltimore 's Davis went deep in the second -- his 20th . It was Davis ' 181st as an Oriole , one behind Ken Singleton for eighth place on the club 's all-time list . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Jonathan Schoop 's two - out single , scoring Joey Richard from second	False
The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Jonathan Schoop 's two - out single , scoring Joey Richard from second . Nelson Cruz started the sixth	True
Seager , protecting an 0 - 2 count , caught a high 96-mph fastball from Gausman and ripped it 15 seats into the bleachers in right . It was his 16th . In the eighth	True
Seager , protecting an 0 - 2 count , caught a high 96-mph fastball from Gausman and ripped it 15 seats into the bleachers in right . It was his 16th . In the eighth , with Cruz on first	False
Jody Mercer homered and had an RBI single and the Pittsburgh Pirates rallied from three runs down to beat stumbling ace Sonny Gray and the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 on Friday night . Matt Joyce added two hits , Josh Harrison drove in two runs while Andrew McCutcheon doubled and scored on a wild pitch to help the Pirates to their first win in their history at the Coliseum and just their second	False
The Pirates beat the A 's in their first meeting since 2013 by taking advantage of another shaky outing by Gray ( 3 - 7 ) . He gave up seven runs , hit a batter and threw two wild pitches in six innings while losing his sixth consecutive decision . The right-hander , third	False
Marcus Semien hit his 17th home run of the season for Oakland . Pittsburgh 's 5 - 6 - 6 hitters combined for six hits , five RBI and four runs scored . Chris Stewart , the No . 9 hitter , drove in the go-ahead run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the fifth	True
Pittsburgh 's 5 - 6 - 6 hitters combined for six hits , five RBI and four runs scored . Chris Stewart , the No . 9 hitter , drove in the go-ahead run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the fifth . Mercer homered in the third	True
Pittsburgh 's 5 - 6 - 6 hitters combined for six hits , five RBI and four runs scored . Chris Stewart , the No . 9 hitter , drove in the go-ahead run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the fifth . Mercer homered in the third and added an RBI single as part of a two - run fifth	True
Chris Carter hit his 20th homer of the season for the Brewers in the second inning . Holliday highlighted a five - run outburst in the fourth	True
Now he sees the one - month stay in the minors was just what he needed to reclaim his pitching form . Wisler set a career high with 10 strikeouts in six innings , Gordon Beckham drove in two runs with a pinch-hit bases-loaded double in the sixth	True
Oswaldo Arcia 's fourth-inning homer gave the Padres their only run . Paul Clemens ( 2 - 4 ) was hurt by four walks as he allowed two runs , one earned , in three - plus innings . He left with no outs and the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Nieuwenhuis ' blast came after Garza drew a two - out walk and Jonathan Villar followed with a double . Garza allowed the first two batters in the eighth	True
Carlos Torres replaced Garza and pitched out of the jam , but not before loading the bases with two outs . Yadier Molina hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Weaver , making his fourth major league start , gave up three runs and four hits in six innings . He walked two and struck out 10 , including four straight at one point . The Brewers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
Moore struck out seven over 5 1/3 innings for his first career victory at AT & T Park , and the Giants got another impressive outing from their new starter to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 2 on Wednesday . Moore walked off in the sixth	True
Manager Bruce Bochy was careful not to overwork Moore , who was done at 92 pitches after throwing 133 during the no-hit try at Los Angeles . Buster Posey drove in a pair of runs for San Francisco , which is in second	False
Bochy is challenging his players to be more consistent , saying , `` It 's up to us to play better ball . '' Santiago Casilla relieved Sergio Romo with the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth	True
Bochy is challenging his players to be more consistent , saying , `` It 's up to us to play better ball . '' Santiago Casilla relieved Sergio Romo with the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth and struck out Yasmany Tomas . Casilla finished for his 29th save , giving up Jake Lamb 's two - out homer in the ninth	True
Shelby Miller ( 2 - 10 ) was called up from Triple-A Reno to start . Pitching in the majors for the first time since being sent to the minors on July 14 , he allowed two runs and six hits in six innings . Posey doubled home a run in the first	True
Posey doubled home a run in the first . Hunter Pence added an RBI single later that inning in his second game back after missing three with a strained right hamstring . Angel Pagan had an RBI double in the seventh	True
Angel Pagan had an RBI double in the seventh and Posey hit a sacrifice fly as the Giants added insurance . San Francisco third baseman Eduardo Nunez got hit by Miller 's 91 mph fastball in the left ribcage area but stayed in the game in the bottom of the sixth	True
Fulmer has become a front-runner for rookie of the year this season , and Norris and Boyd have also made contributions . Now Jones is in the majors and off to a fine start . Jones hit a leadoff double in the ninth	True
Fulmer has become a front-runner for rookie of the year this season , and Norris and Boyd have also made contributions . Now Jones is in the majors and off to a fine start . Jones hit a leadoff double in the ninth against David Robertson ( 4 - 3 ) and advanced to third	False
Collins came up as a pinch-hitter and was able to lift the ball to left-center . Avisail Garcia made the catch , but his throw bounced before it even reached the mound . Francisco Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) pitched the ninth . Jose Abreu and Alex Avila homered on consecutive pitches in the fourth	True
Verlander allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings for the Tigers , striking out nine . Verlander retired the first eight hitters he faced , striking out six of them . With two outs in the fourth	True
Verlander retired the first eight hitters he faced , striking out six of them . With two outs in the fourth , Abreu connected for his 19th homer of the year . Avila followed with a drive to the bushes beyond the wall in center , giving Chicago a 2 - 0 lead against his former team . Verlander did not allow another baserunner after Avila 's home run . Detroit scored a run on Andrew Romine 's single in the fifth	True
Verlander retired the first eight hitters he faced , striking out six of them . With two outs in the fourth , Abreu connected for his 19th homer of the year . Avila followed with a drive to the bushes beyond the wall in center , giving Chicago a 2 - 0 lead against his former team . Verlander did not allow another baserunner after Avila 's home run . Detroit scored a run on Andrew Romine 's single in the fifth , and J. D. Martinez tied it with a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Odor , thrown out on the bases twice after hits , ended it with a two - run homer to give the AL-best Rangers an 8 - 7 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . After getting thrown out trying to stretch a single to right in the seventh	True
After getting thrown out trying to stretch a single to right in the seventh , in between RBI singles by Adrian Beltre and Jonathan Lucroy , the veteran Beltre got the aggressive youngster 's attention with a tap to the head in the dugout . Then in the ninth	True
Texas won its fourth straight and has a 10 1/2-game lead in the AL West over third-place Seattle , which has lost four straight . Houston remained 8 1/2 games back after winning earlier Tuesday against Oakland . Right after Beltre 's homer in the third put Texas up 4 - 0 , Odor reached second	False
Right after Beltre 's homer in the third put Texas up 4 - 0 , Odor reached second on a double-error by Mariners starter James Paxton , who bobbled the soft comebacker and then made a throwing error . But Odor was thrown out trying to steal third base , which cost the Rangers a run since Lucroy singled right after that . The ball was right in front of Odor in the seventh	True
Right after Beltre 's homer in the third put Texas up 4 - 0 , Odor reached second on a double-error by Mariners starter James Paxton , who bobbled the soft comebacker and then made a throwing error . But Odor was thrown out trying to steal third base , which cost the Rangers a run since Lucroy singled right after that . The ball was right in front of Odor in the seventh when was easily thrown out by right fielder Shawn O'Malley when trying to stretch his hit into a double in the seventh	True
The ball was right in front of Odor in the seventh when was easily thrown out by right fielder Shawn O'Malley when trying to stretch his hit into a double in the seventh . Matt Bush ( 6 - 2 ) , who gave up a go-ahead sacrifice fly to Robinson Cano in the eighth	True
The ball was right in front of Odor in the seventh when was easily thrown out by right fielder Shawn O'Malley when trying to stretch his hit into a double in the seventh . Matt Bush ( 6 - 2 ) , who gave up a go-ahead sacrifice fly to Robinson Cano in the eighth , came back with a perfect ninth	True
Jose Reyes and Cabrera opened the Mets ' half of the first inning with consecutive home runs , just the second time the franchise has accomplished that feat . But the defending NL champions ( 65 - 63 ) remained 3 1/2 games behind St. Louis in a crowded race for the league 's second wild card . The 43-year-old Colon ( 12 - 7 ) carried a two - hitter into the eighth	True
The only other time he got two hits in a game was in August 2002 with the Montreal Expos against Milwaukee . The pudgy pitcher lashed two sharp hits that delighted the crowd , a leadoff double in the fifth	True
The only other time he got two hits in a game was in August 2002 with the Montreal Expos against Milwaukee . The pudgy pitcher lashed two sharp hits that delighted the crowd , a leadoff double in the fifth and a line-drive single in the sixth	True
The switch-hitting shortstop became the first Mets player to go deep from both sides in one game since Carlos Beltran at Colorado on May 12 , 2011 . A tiring Colon gave up four straight hits to start the eighth	True
A tiring Colon gave up four straight hits to start the eighth but walked off the mound to a warm ovation and acknowledged the crowd by patting his glove and pointing two fingers . Phillies left-hander Adam Morgan ( 1 - 8 ) gave up two homers on his first five pitches but recovered . He was trailing 2 - 1 when Neil Walker , just back from the paternity leave list after the birth of a baby girl , worked a nine - pitch walk to load the bases with two outs in the fifth	True
Hamels allowed only two singles over eight innings for his 14th victory and Gomez hit a three - run homer in his first at-bat as the Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 0 on Thursday night in the opener of a four - game series matching division leaders . Hamels ( 14 - 4 ) struck out eight without a walk and retired 19 straight batters after Francisco Lindor 's solid two - out single to left in the first	True
Hamels allowed only two singles over eight innings for his 14th victory and Gomez hit a three - run homer in his first at-bat as the Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 0 on Thursday night in the opener of a four - game series matching division leaders . Hamels ( 14 - 4 ) struck out eight without a walk and retired 19 straight batters after Francisco Lindor 's solid two - out single to left in the first . The only other baserunner for the Indians against the lefty was Carlos Santana after a leadoff hit in the eighth	True
Hamels allowed only two singles over eight innings for his 14th victory and Gomez hit a three - run homer in his first at-bat as the Rangers beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 0 on Thursday night in the opener of a four - game series matching division leaders . Hamels ( 14 - 4 ) struck out eight without a walk and retired 19 straight batters after Francisco Lindor 's solid two - out single to left in the first . The only other baserunner for the Indians against the lefty was Carlos Santana after a leadoff hit in the eighth , though he was stranded at second	False
Hamels ( 14 - 4 ) struck out eight without a walk and retired 19 straight batters after Francisco Lindor 's solid two - out single to left in the first . The only other baserunner for the Indians against the lefty was Carlos Santana after a leadoff hit in the eighth , though he was stranded at second after advancing on a passed ball . Gomez hit a drive deep into the seats in left field for a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Hamels ( 14 - 4 ) struck out eight without a walk and retired 19 straight batters after Francisco Lindor 's solid two - out single to left in the first . The only other baserunner for the Indians against the lefty was Carlos Santana after a leadoff hit in the eighth , though he was stranded at second after advancing on a passed ball . Gomez hit a drive deep into the seats in left field for a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Adrian Beltre added his own three - run homer in the fifth	True
The AL Central-leading Indians ( 72 - 54 ) were shut out for the fourth time this season , and that came after being held to exactly one run in each of their three games at Oakland earlier this week . Tomlin lost his fifth consecutive start in August and has a 10.80 ERA in those games . This was the fourth time in that stretch the right-handed Texas native did n't make it out of the fifth	True
Max Scherzer was brilliant in shutting down the Orioles and throwing his hat in the National League Cy Young Award race . Scherzer ( 14 - 7 ) struck out 10 and did not walk a batter . He retired 12 straight after Adam Jones 's fourth-inning double and 21 of 22 before Mark Trumbo 's leadoff single in the eighth	True
The Nationals had dropped three straight to the Orioles , who won twice in Baltimore before the teams shifted to Washington . Trumbo stole second base with two outs in the eighth	True
The Nationals had dropped three straight to the Orioles , who won twice in Baltimore before the teams shifted to Washington . Trumbo stole second base with two outs in the eighth , but J. J. Hardy flied out to deep center field on Scherzer 's 95th and final pitch . Mark Melancon allowed one hit in the ninth	False
Scherzer won his second straight start , but was far more dominant than in each of his two previous outings when he allowed eight runs and struck out nine . The right-hander retired the first nine batters and struck out two in each of the first three innings . Scherzer recorded his 47th game -- 11th	False
`` I think we 're going to be hearing a lot about that in the next couple of days so I do n't want to give him too much credit , '' Harper joked . Manny Machado 's home run helped fuel Baltimore 's offense in Wednesday 's 10 - 8 triumph . On Thursday , he went hitless in four at-bats and 0 for 3 against Scherzer , falling to 1 of 18 all-time in the head-to-head matchup . Machado struck out with Jones on third	False
`` I think we 're going to be hearing a lot about that in the next couple of days so I do n't want to give him too much credit , '' Harper joked . Manny Machado 's home run helped fuel Baltimore 's offense in Wednesday 's 10 - 8 triumph . On Thursday , he went hitless in four at-bats and 0 for 3 against Scherzer , falling to 1 of 18 all-time in the head-to-head matchup . Machado struck out with Jones on third and one out in the fourth	True
Manny Machado 's home run helped fuel Baltimore 's offense in Wednesday 's 10 - 8 triumph . On Thursday , he went hitless in four at-bats and 0 for 3 against Scherzer , falling to 1 of 18 all-time in the head-to-head matchup . Machado struck out with Jones on third and one out in the fourth . After Jones was left stranded , Werth hammered the first pitch in the fourth	True
After Jones was left stranded , Werth hammered the first pitch in the fourth over the wall in center field . Harper singled in the fourth	True
The walks seemed almost as impressive as the surge of home runs . Tanaka was shaky early , escaping jams in the second	True
Tanaka did issue his first bases on ball since July 27 when he walked Seth Smith in the third inning , and snapped his streak of three consecutive starts with at least eight strikeouts and no walks . After Ketel Marte bunted for a single with one out in the fifth	True
After Ketel Marte bunted for a single with one out in the fifth , Tanaka retired his final eight batters . Dellin Betances got the final out of the eighth	True
After Ketel Marte bunted for a single with one out in the fifth , Tanaka retired his final eight batters . Dellin Betances got the final out of the eighth and pitched the ninth	False
Benintendi drove in a run with a fourth-inning sacrifice fly , then kept Price 's bid for a shutout alive by denying Steven Souza Jr. what would have been a two - run homer with an eighth-inning catch that nearly sent him tumbling over a short wall in the left-field corner . The defensive gem enabled Price to extend Tampa Bay 's scoring drought against Boston to 25 innings dating to a series at Fenway Park before the All-Star break . Evan Longoria stopped the streak with a two - run homer off Matt Barnes in the ninth	True
The defensive gem enabled Price to extend Tampa Bay 's scoring drought against Boston to 25 innings dating to a series at Fenway Park before the All-Star break . Evan Longoria stopped the streak with a two - run homer off Matt Barnes in the ninth . Chris Young returned from a two - month stay on the disabled list to drive in a run with a double off Blake Snell ( 4 - 6 ) , Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
The defensive gem enabled Price to extend Tampa Bay 's scoring drought against Boston to 25 innings dating to a series at Fenway Park before the All-Star break . Evan Longoria stopped the streak with a two - run homer off Matt Barnes in the ninth . Chris Young returned from a two - month stay on the disabled list to drive in a run with a double off Blake Snell ( 4 - 6 ) , Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly in the seventh and Xander Bogaerts added a two - run homer off Danny Farquhar in the ninth	False
Price , who also pitched eight scoreless innings against his former team during a 4 - 0 victory in Boston on July 10 , won for the first time as a visitor in four decisions at Tropicana Field . Benintendi started the game in center field . He moved to left after Young was removed for pinch-runner Jackie Bradley Jr. in the eighth	True
The Padres , who have lost seven of nine , had only one runner reach third base in the opening five innings . Lester was lifted at 100 pitches after Alex Dickerson and Christian Bethancourt opened the seventh	True
The Padres , who have lost seven of nine , had only one runner reach third base in the opening five innings . Lester was lifted at 100 pitches after Alex Dickerson and Christian Bethancourt opened the seventh with singles . Justin Grimm , the first	False
Lester was lifted at 100 pitches after Alex Dickerson and Christian Bethancourt opened the seventh with singles . Justin Grimm , the first of three relievers , came on and allowed a run on a wild pitch when striking out Ryan Schimpf . San Diego 's only other threat was in the sixth	True
Lester was lifted at 100 pitches after Alex Dickerson and Christian Bethancourt opened the seventh with singles . Justin Grimm , the first of three relievers , came on and allowed a run on a wild pitch when striking out Ryan Schimpf . San Diego 's only other threat was in the sixth , as Brett Wallace advanced to third	False
San Diego 's only other threat was in the sixth , as Brett Wallace advanced to third on a one - out single and two - base error by Heyward in right when he overran the ball . But Lester struck out Travis Jankowski looking and , after a walk to Alexei Ramirez , struck out Wil Myers with a devastating curveball . Chicago pulled away with a three - run fifth	True
Chicago pulled away with a three - run fifth , which featured two home runs . Bryant led off with arching shot into the left-center field seats . After Rizzo 's double , Heyward hit his long fly for a 5 - 0 advantage . The Cubs forged ahead 2 - 0 in the third	True
The Cubs forged ahead 2 - 0 in the third as Jackson struggled with his command . Rizzo singled in between walks to Dexter Fowler and Ben Zobrist . That set up Russell 's sacrifice fly for his second RBI in two innings . Russell slugged Jackson 's 86-mph slider for a home run in the second	True
Justin Upton drove a ball to deep center field and started celebrating the game-tying homer , but it hit inches from the top of the fence , 420 feet away . Upton ended up on second	False
Daniel Norris ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and eight hits in his five innings . He walked two and struck out four while escaping multiple jams . Boston took the lead in the third	True
McCann then tied the game with a solo homer in the bottom of the inning . Ortiz , though , broke the tie in the fifth	True
Ortiz , though , broke the tie in the fifth with his second homer in two nights . The two - run shot gave him 1,500 RBI with the Red Sox . The Tigers put their first two runners on in the bottom of the fifth	False
The Tigers put their first two runners on in the bottom of the fifth , but McCann hit into a double play and Andrew Romine grounded out . Moments later , the second storm hit , resulting in a 71-minute delay . Martinez pulled the Tigers to 3 - 2 with a long homer to left in the seventh	True
The Tigers put their first two runners on in the bottom of the fifth , but McCann hit into a double play and Andrew Romine grounded out . Moments later , the second storm hit , resulting in a 71-minute delay . Martinez pulled the Tigers to 3 - 2 with a long homer to left in the seventh . Matt Barnes walked two batters in the eighth	True
The Tigers put their first two runners on in the bottom of the fifth , but McCann hit into a double play and Andrew Romine grounded out . Moments later , the second storm hit , resulting in a 71-minute delay . Martinez pulled the Tigers to 3 - 2 with a long homer to left in the seventh . Matt Barnes walked two batters in the eighth , but Erick Aybar popped out on the first pitch he saw for the second	False
Ray struck out a career-high 13 and gave up just one hit in seven innings , pitching the Arizona Diamondbacks past the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Saturday night . There were no hits in the game until the fifth	True
There were no hits in the game until the fifth . Arizona finished with four , and the Padres got three . Ray ( 7 - 11 ) overpowered the Padres until the fifth	True
Ray ( 7 - 11 ) overpowered the Padres until the fifth , when Patrick Kivlehan , called up from Triple-A El Paso before the game , launched a 451-foot home run for his first major league hit . Arizona used four relievers to close it out . Daniel Hudson induced three infield popups to escape a bases-loaded , no-out jam in the eighth	True
The Padres got little help in trying to touch Ray . It was 1-all in the sixth	True
It was 1-all in the sixth when Phil Gosselin singled and Paul Goldschmidt walked . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a grounder to Richard , who wheeled and threw the ball into center field , allowing a run to score . In the Arizona fifth	True
That ball , which Scruggs smashed into the left-field bleachers for his first major league home run , will be given to his father . The two - run shot helped the Marlins beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 1 Saturday night for their second straight win . David Phelps pitched six scoreless innings , Miguel Rojas scored on an error in the third	True
Scruggs , who went 1 for 3 in his season debut on Friday , had not homered in 65 plate appearances with Miami and St. Louis spanning three seasons . Josh Harrison opened the bottom of the first	True
Scruggs , who went 1 for 3 in his season debut on Friday , had not homered in 65 plate appearances with Miami and St. Louis spanning three seasons . Josh Harrison opened the bottom of the first with a single before Phelps forced Starling Marte into a double play . Phelps faced the minimum until walking John Jaso with two out in the fifth	True
Josh Harrison opened the bottom of the first with a single before Phelps forced Starling Marte into a double play . Phelps faced the minimum until walking John Jaso with two out in the fifth , ending a streak of 13 straight batters retired . Phelps struck out five of six batters in the second	True
Josh Harrison opened the bottom of the first with a single before Phelps forced Starling Marte into a double play . Phelps faced the minimum until walking John Jaso with two out in the fifth , ending a streak of 13 straight batters retired . Phelps struck out five of six batters in the second and third innings , and retired the side in order in the fourth	True
Josh Harrison opened the bottom of the first with a single before Phelps forced Starling Marte into a double play . Phelps faced the minimum until walking John Jaso with two out in the fifth , ending a streak of 13 straight batters retired . Phelps struck out five of six batters in the second and third innings , and retired the side in order in the fourth . He struck out Gregory Polanco and David Freese to start the fifth	True
Phelps struck out five of six batters in the second and third innings , and retired the side in order in the fourth . He struck out Gregory Polanco and David Freese to start the fifth before walking Jaso . Pirates center fielder Andrew McCutchen inadvertently helped give the Marlins their 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Pujols drove in two runs , Yunel Escobar had three hits and scored twice , and the Los Angeles Angels held off a late rally and beat the Mariners 6 - 4 . After Trout was intentionally walked by reliever Nick Vincent in the eighth	True
Trout went 0 for 2 with two walks and scored twice as the Angels earned a split of the four - game series with just their second win in 14 games . Fernando Salas gave up a two - run homer to Adam Lind in the ninth	True
With the Angels hanging on to a 3 - 2 lead , Escobar doubled to lead off and Trout was intentionally walked two batters later . Two nights after taking Vincent deep , Pujols cleared the bases with a double to the left-center gap , putting Los Angeles up by three . Andrelton Simmons made it to second	False
Jefry Marte 's pinch-hit single scored Simmons to make it 6 - 2 . Cano homered for the 26th time in the first inning . It was his 10th home run on the first pitch , the most in baseball . Cruz 's 31st home run in the sixth inning cut Los Angeles ' lead to 3 - 2 . He 's now tied with Chicago 's Todd Frazier for third	False
Recent acquisition Carlos Beltran tied the game at 4-all with his fourth hit , a two - run single , after John Axford ( 4 - 4 ) had walked the bases loaded . Marc Rzepczynski then came on and the A 's opted to intentionally walk Adrian Beltre , who hit a grand slam in the series opener Monday , to reload the bases with one out . The next pitch hit Odor on the shoulder . Intentionally walking a batter with runners on first	False
Recent acquisition Carlos Beltran tied the game at 4-all with his fourth hit , a two - run single , after John Axford ( 4 - 4 ) had walked the bases loaded . Marc Rzepczynski then came on and the A 's opted to intentionally walk Adrian Beltre , who hit a grand slam in the series opener Monday , to reload the bases with one out . The next pitch hit Odor on the shoulder . Intentionally walking a batter with runners on first and second	False
Rzepczynski , who primarily throws sinkers into lefties like Odor , was trying to induce an inning-ending double play grounder . Oakland had tied the game in the ninth	True
Rzepczynski , who primarily throws sinkers into lefties like Odor , was trying to induce an inning-ending double play grounder . Oakland had tied the game in the ninth off closer Sam Dyson , then took a 4 - 2 lead in the 10th	True
Oakland had tied the game in the ninth off closer Sam Dyson , then took a 4 - 2 lead in the 10th when five of its first six batters reached against Keone Kela ( 4 - 1 ) , the sixth Texas pitcher . Dyson struck out the side in the ninth	False
SAN FRANCISCO -- From the rousing standing ovation he received in the first inning to the one he got after giving up a pair of home runs in the sixth	True
Gregory Polanco had a homer and four RBI , and Vogelsong and the Pirates beat the Giants 8 - 5 on Monday night . Andrew McCutchen added two hits , two RBI and made a spectacular diving , backhanded catch in the eighth	True
Vogelsong allowed four runs over 5 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out one before leaving to his second standing ovation of the night . Fans stood and cheered when Vogelsong , an All-Star with San Francisco in 2011 , took the mound in the first	True
Fans stood and cheered when Vogelsong , an All-Star with San Francisco in 2011 , took the mound in the first , and a video montage of his time with the Giants played on the scoreboard while he warmed . When he left after allowing Denard Span 's home run in the sixth	True
Span had three hits , including a home run , and Eduardo Nunez also homered for the Giants . Polanco hit a two - run double off starter Matt Moore ( 0 - 2 ) in the fourth	True
Span had three hits , including a home run , and Eduardo Nunez also homered for the Giants . Polanco hit a two - run double off starter Matt Moore ( 0 - 2 ) in the fourth , then drove in two more runs with his 17th home run of the season in the sixth	True
Tony Watson , the fourth Pirates reliever , retired three batters for his sixth save . Vogelsong walked Joe Panik with the bases loaded in the first inning , then gave up an RBI single to Hunter Pence in the third	True
The last time the team dropped 11 in a row was during the 1999 season . Cruz drove Ricky Nolasco 's 2 - 2 curveball into the left-field stands in the fifth	True
Trout also stole his 20th base , marking the third time he 's reached 20 home runs and 20 steals in a season . He became the seventh player in major league history with three 20 - 20 seasons and is the only one still active , now that Alex Rodriguez was released by the Yankees . Trout belted his 23rd homer in the fifth	True
Trout belted his 23rd homer in the fifth , making the score 3 - 2 . Nolasco ( 4 - 10 ) issued walks to Cruz and Kyle Seager in the fourth	True
Nolasco ( 4 - 10 ) issued walks to Cruz and Kyle Seager in the fourth before Adam Lind singled home Cruz , and Mike Zunino singled in Seager . Cruz 's fifth-inning homer put Seattle up 3 - 1 . With one on and two outs and the Mariners hanging onto a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Edwin Diaz earned the save with a perfect ninth inning . He 's converted all seven save opportunities since moving into the closer role on Aug. 2 . The Angels scored in the first	True
Against the Tigers , though , his hard work paid off . Kennedy held Detroit to one run on five hits and a walk in 6 2/3 innings to win for the first time since July 26 . J. D. Martinez hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
J. D. Martinez hit a solo homer in the seventh , but that was Kennedy 's only costly mistake . Three relievers finished , with Kelvin Herrera pitching the ninth	True
Daniel Norris ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs -- one earned -- in 5 1/3 innings . He gave up six hits and walked four while striking out one . He also made the error that led to the unearned run . Paulo Orlando started the game with a four - pitch walk , then went to third	False
Paulo Orlando started the game with a four - pitch walk , then went to third when Norris threw away Cuthbert 's infield single , leading to the collision with Cabrera as he reached for the ball . With one out , Eric Hosmer hit a line drive to deep left-center , and though Tyler Collins ran it down , Orlando scored easily on the sacrifice fly . Kansas City added to the lead in the sixth	True
Paulo Orlando started the game with a four - pitch walk , then went to third when Norris threw away Cuthbert 's infield single , leading to the collision with Cabrera as he reached for the ball . With one out , Eric Hosmer hit a line drive to deep left-center , and though Tyler Collins ran it down , Orlando scored easily on the sacrifice fly . Kansas City added to the lead in the sixth . With one out , Alex Gordon doubled and went to third	False
Jarrod Saltalamacchia , who had replaced Cabrera at first base , fielded the bunt cleanly but hesitated before making a play , giving Mondesi an RBI single . Martinez made it 2 - 1 with his homer in the seventh -- his second	False
James McCann hit an infield single , but pinch-hitter Mike Aviles popped out to end the inning . The Royals added an insurance run in the ninth	True
The Marlins won without Stanton on their first try when Yelich threw out pinch-runner Carlos Sanchez trying to score from second base on a two - out hit in the ninth inning . With runners at first	False
The Marlins won without Stanton on their first try when Yelich threw out pinch-runner Carlos Sanchez trying to score from second base on a two - out hit in the ninth inning . With runners at first and second	False
Chicago manager Robin Ventura said Sanchez was right to run the bases aggressively . Fernando Rodney got his third save for Miami despite allowing three hits in the ninth	True
Chris Sale ( 14 - 6 ) allowed five runs in 6 2/3 innings . He 's 0 - 4 in his past six starts and has n't won since his suspension for cutting up the team 's throwback jerseys July 23 . Miami trailed 2 - 0 before scoring three times in the fifth	True
Miami trailed 2 - 0 before scoring three times in the fifth , thanks to four consecutive singles and Suzuki 's RBI bunt , which caught the White Sox napping . The bunt came with runners at first	False
Miami trailed 2 - 0 before scoring three times in the fifth , thanks to four consecutive singles and Suzuki 's RBI bunt , which caught the White Sox napping . The bunt came with runners at first and second	False
Prado 's RBI single in the seventh put Miami ahead to stay . Marcell Ozuna snapped a 1 - for - 28 slump with two hits and drove in a run . Suzuki , who becomes a regular with Stanton out , did n't add to his career total of 3,003 hits but contributed his 13th RBI and scored Miami 's final run . Koehler allowed three runs in six innings . Mike Dunn ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Koehler allowed three runs in six innings . Mike Dunn ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh . Chicago 's Adam Eaton homered on the game 's first pitch . Jose Abreu hit an RBI single in the first inning , and a game-tying double that caromed off the third-base bag in the sixth	True
Michael Bourn had two singles and an RBI for the Diamondbacks . They had won four of five . Robbie Ross Jr. ( 2 - 2 ) worked an inning of relief for the win after starter Clay Buchholz gave up three runs over 4 1/3 innings in a spot start . Craig Kimbrel worked the ninth	True
Archie Bradley ( 4 - 8 ) allowed six runs -- four earned -- in 5 1/3 innings . Demoted to the bullpen twice this season , Buchholz made his first start since early July on the eve of his 32nd birthday because knuckleballer Steven Wright was scratched on Thursday after jamming his pitching shoulder diving back into second	True
Demoted to the bullpen twice this season , Buchholz made his first start since early July on the eve of his 32nd birthday because knuckleballer Steven Wright was scratched on Thursday after jamming his pitching shoulder diving back into second during an interleague game . Trailing 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
Trailing 3 - 1 in the fifth , the Red Sox charged ahead with three runs that were keyed by right fielder Socrates Brito misplaying a flyball for an error . Leon hooked his homer around the Pesky Pole , Benintendi had an RBI double off the Green Monster after Holt reached on the error and Mookie Betts ' grounder bounced over third baseman Jake Lamb for an RBI single . Holt homered over Boston 's bullpen to make it 6 - 3 and chased Bradley in the sixth	True
Holt homered over Boston 's bullpen to make it 6 - 3 and chased Bradley in the sixth . Arizona had moved ahead by scoring twice in the fourth	True
Holt homered over Boston 's bullpen to make it 6 - 3 and chased Bradley in the sixth . Arizona had moved ahead by scoring twice in the fourth and once in the fifth	False
Arizona had moved ahead by scoring twice in the fourth and once in the fifth . Buchholz held the Diamondbacks hitless until Bourn 's one - out single in the fourth	True
Arizona had moved ahead by scoring twice in the fourth and once in the fifth . Buchholz held the Diamondbacks hitless until Bourn 's one - out single in the fourth . Bourn later scored on a groundout and Rickie Weeks Jr. added an RBI single , making it 2 - 1 . Bourn had an RBI single in the fifth	True
The run put the Chicago White Sox ahead to stay , capping a bizarre eighth-inning comeback that helped them beat the Miami Marlins 8 - 7 on Saturday night . The White Sox blew an early 4 - 0 lead and trailed 7 - 6 to start the eighth	True
The White Sox blew an early 4 - 0 lead and trailed 7 - 6 to start the eighth . They rallied against Kyle Barraclough ( 6 - 3 ) with the help of a walk , two wild pitches and Justin Morneau 's first pinch-hit of the year , a double . After Morneau tied it , the Sox had runners at the corners with two out . Melky Cabrera took a weak swing at a 2 - 2 slider in the dirt , and the wild pitch skipped away from catcher J. T. Realmuto , allowing Cabrera to reach first	False
Realmuto retrieved the ball and tossed it to Barraclough covering the plate , but the pitcher failed to glove the throw as Navarro slid under him . Miami 's Giancarlo Stanton singled with two out in the ninth	True
The Marlins had 14 hits , but lost their third game in a row . They 've dropped 10 of the past 15 . Stanton hit his 25th homer and added a two - run single for the Marlins . Martin Prado hit a three - run homer , his seventh	False
Marlins left-hander Adam Conley struggled and departed after four innings with a 7 - 5 lead . Conley said he has been pitching with soreness in his left hand after banging it on the roof of the dugout at Wrigley Field last week celebrating a teammate 's home run . Dan Coats hit his first career homer for Chicago . Jose Abreu hit a two - out RBI double in the first	True
Marlins left-hander Adam Conley struggled and departed after four innings with a 7 - 5 lead . Conley said he has been pitching with soreness in his left hand after banging it on the roof of the dugout at Wrigley Field last week celebrating a teammate 's home run . Dan Coats hit his first career homer for Chicago . Jose Abreu hit a two - out RBI double in the first , and Tyler Saladino hit a two - out , two - run double in the second	True
Dan Coats hit his first career homer for Chicago . Jose Abreu hit a two - out RBI double in the first , and Tyler Saladino hit a two - out , two - run double in the second . The Sox scored a run in the sixth	True
Gray left after Howard 's home run , having surrendered seven runs -- six earned -- and six hits with six strikeouts and four walks in 4 1/3 innings . Philadelphia took a 3 - 1 lead . Odubel Herrera 's RBI single in the first put Philadelphia on the board and the Phillies took advantage of Colorado 's sloppy play in the second	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Jose Altuve is keeping it simple . Altuve had his second straight four - hit game and team-record eighth	False
Correa hit his 17th homer , a three - run drive off Buddy Boshers as part of a six - run fifth inning . Vargas snapped an 0 - for - 12 skid with a second-inning home run . He became the fourth player in team history to homer as both a left- and right-handed hitter in the same game with a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Werth spearheaded an offensive outburst for the Nationals , who had scored three runs in their previous three games combined . Anthony Rendon also went 2 for 4 with a two - run double and Daniel Murphy and Wilson Ramos each had an RBI . It was n't the best day for starter Gio Gonzalez ( 8 - 9 ) , who allowed four runs and seven hits , including a two - run home run by Francisco Lindor , and struck out five in five - plus innings . But Gonzalez got plenty of run support , and reliever Matt Belisle bailed him out by inducing a double play in the sixth	True
If the Cubs ' starters were Smurfs , John Lackey might be Grouchy Smurf . But even when stomping around on the mound , he 's channeling it in the right way . Bryant homered over the left-field bleachers in the fifth	True
If the Cubs ' starters were Smurfs , John Lackey might be Grouchy Smurf . But even when stomping around on the mound , he 's channeling it in the right way . Bryant homered over the left-field bleachers in the fifth , giving Lackey more than enough cushion . Pedro Strop pitched a perfect ninth	True
This was the first time they batted against each other . Calhoun struck first	False
This was the first time they batted against each other . Calhoun struck first , sending Lackey 's 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his first homer since June 25 . Contreras tied it with a shot to left-center in the third	True
Calhoun struck first , sending Lackey 's 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his first homer since June 25 . Contreras tied it with a shot to left-center in the third . Weaver had the Cubs off balance early with his 83 mph fastball and 70 mph curve . But Chicago started to pounce the second time through the order , with Anthony Rizzo doubling in a two - run fourth	True
Calhoun struck first , sending Lackey 's 1 - 0 pitch into the left-field bleachers for his first homer since June 25 . Contreras tied it with a shot to left-center in the third . Weaver had the Cubs off balance early with his 83 mph fastball and 70 mph curve . But Chicago started to pounce the second time through the order , with Anthony Rizzo doubling in a two - run fourth and again in a two - run fifth	True
DENVER -- Rougned Odor and Jurickson Profar had discussed double steals before . So when both reached base in the ninth inning , they pulled one off exactly as planned . Elvis Andrus brought them home with a two - run single , Mitch Moreland delivered a tiebreaking double and the Texas Rangers scored three times in the ninth	True
Elvis Andrus brought them home with a two - run single , Mitch Moreland delivered a tiebreaking double and the Texas Rangers scored three times in the ninth to beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 3 on Monday night . With two runners in scoring position , Andrus ' single tied it 3-all . Moreland then sent Andrus home with a double before he was thrown out stretching at third	False
Texas , which has won three straight and eight of 11 , improved to 4 - 3 on its eight - game road trip . The teams conclude a two - game series in Colorado on Tuesday before heading to Texas to begin another two - game set Wednesday . Tyler Anderson allowed two hits in seven innings for Colorado , but Carlos Estevez ( 2 - 7 ) was handed his fifth blown save in the ninth	True
Tyler Anderson allowed two hits in seven innings for Colorado , but Carlos Estevez ( 2 - 7 ) was handed his fifth blown save in the ninth . Nolan Arenado homered for the third time in two days and drove in two runs for the Rockies . David Dahl had a pinch-hit single in the ninth	True
Nolan Arenado homered for the third time in two days and drove in two runs for the Rockies . David Dahl had a pinch-hit single in the ninth to extend his hitting streak to 14 games . Rockies slugger Carlos Gonzalez exited in the second	True
Cole Hamels yielded two runs in six innings for Texas . He avoided losing back-to-back starts for the first time since 2014 thanks to the Rangers ' late rally . The left-hander struck out six and walked one . Anderson gave up one hit through six scoreless innings before Adrian Beltre homered to center field on his first pitch of the seventh	True
Cole Hamels yielded two runs in six innings for Texas . He avoided losing back-to-back starts for the first time since 2014 thanks to the Rangers ' late rally . The left-hander struck out six and walked one . Anderson gave up one hit through six scoreless innings before Adrian Beltre homered to center field on his first pitch of the seventh , cutting Colorado 's lead to 2 - 1 . Anderson retired the next three batters , and Adam Ottavino stranded runners at the corners with a strikeout of Jonathan Lucroy in the eighth	True
Anderson gave up one hit through six scoreless innings before Adrian Beltre homered to center field on his first pitch of the seventh , cutting Colorado 's lead to 2 - 1 . Anderson retired the next three batters , and Adam Ottavino stranded runners at the corners with a strikeout of Jonathan Lucroy in the eighth to extend his scoreless streak to 26 1/3 innings . Charlie Blackmon had an RBI single in the third	True
Anderson gave up one hit through six scoreless innings before Adrian Beltre homered to center field on his first pitch of the seventh , cutting Colorado 's lead to 2 - 1 . Anderson retired the next three batters , and Adam Ottavino stranded runners at the corners with a strikeout of Jonathan Lucroy in the eighth to extend his scoreless streak to 26 1/3 innings . Charlie Blackmon had an RBI single in the third . Arenado , who leads the National League in home runs ( 30 ) and RBI ( 89 ) , homered in the fourth	False
Anderson gave up one hit through six scoreless innings before Adrian Beltre homered to center field on his first pitch of the seventh , cutting Colorado 's lead to 2 - 1 . Anderson retired the next three batters , and Adam Ottavino stranded runners at the corners with a strikeout of Jonathan Lucroy in the eighth to extend his scoreless streak to 26 1/3 innings . Charlie Blackmon had an RBI single in the third . Arenado , who leads the National League in home runs ( 30 ) and RBI ( 89 ) , homered in the fourth and hit an RBI single in the eighth	False
Charlie Blackmon had an RBI single in the third . Arenado , who leads the National League in home runs ( 30 ) and RBI ( 89 ) , homered in the fourth and hit an RBI single in the eighth off winner Keone Kela ( 3 - 1 ) . Moreland provided the decisive hit off the right-field wall in the ninth	False
`` On Utley 's homerun , I thought I threw a good pitch but it ended up in his hot zone . '' Utley played against Philadelphia for the first time since his 13-year stint there ended in a trade to L. A. in Aug. 2015 . He hit a 3 - 2 pitch over right-field wall in the second	True
Utley played against Philadelphia for the first time since his 13-year stint there ended in a trade to L. A. in Aug. 2015 . He hit a 3 - 2 pitch over right-field wall in the second for his eighth homer , upping the lead to 6 - 0 . Philadelphia scored three times in the third	True
Philadelphia scored three times in the third to break a 22-inning scoreless streak at Dodger Stadium . Urias ' throwing error to home plate with the bases loaded led to two runs . Cameron Rupp added an RBI single and Philadelphia cut the lead to 6 - 3 . Grandal drove his 17th homer 439 feet into the Phillies ' bullpen for a 7 - 3 lead in the third	True
Two innings later , Mets reliever Hansel Robles lost his composure at Yankee Stadium and started shouting when he thought Teixeira was stealing signs while taking a lead off second base . Teixeira 's home run , the first	False
Two innings later , Mets reliever Hansel Robles lost his composure at Yankee Stadium and started shouting when he thought Teixeira was stealing signs while taking a lead off second base . Teixeira 's home run , the first for the switch-hitter off a lefty since July 31 last year , put the Yankees ahead 6 - 3 . When he batted in the fifth	True
`` Are you kidding me ! '' Teixeira yelled . After Gary Sanchez got his first big league hit in the seventh	True
`` Are you kidding me ! '' Teixeira yelled . After Gary Sanchez got his first big league hit in the seventh and scored on Rob Refsnyder 's sacrifice fly for a 7 - 4 lead , Teixeira was at second	False
The Royals won a second straight game for the first time since the end of June , but they are still 10 games behind first-place Cleveland in the AL Central . Chris Young ( 3 - 8 ) got the win in relief and Kelvin Herrera pitched the ninth	True
Strahm was called up from Double-A Northwest Arkansas on Sunday after Kansas City placed Wade Davis on the disabled list with a flexor strain . The Rays scored twice in the fifth	True
Stuck in a slump for nearly two months since being acquired from Cincinnati , Bruce extended his hitting streak to six games . He finished 3 for 4 . Philadelphia starter Alec Asher ( 2 - 1 ) retired the first 11 batters before he ran into trouble with two outs in the fourth	True
Bruce and T. J. Rivera followed with back-to-back RBI singles for a 2 - 1 lead . Bruce connected in the seventh	True
Bruce connected in the seventh , sending his 33rd homer the opposite-way to left field . The Mets added two runs , including another RBI single by Bruce . Earlier in the inning , Howard let Cespedes ' infield pop fall untouched near the first-base bag , allowing a runner to score from third	False
Archer ( 9 - 19 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings to help the Rays snap a six - game skid and leave Detroit 's Mike Maroth as the only pitcher to lose 20 games this century . Mikie Mahtook hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Archer ( 9 - 19 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings to help the Rays snap a six - game skid and leave Detroit 's Mike Maroth as the only pitcher to lose 20 games this century . Mikie Mahtook hit a solo homer in the fourth off Jose Quintana ( 13 - 12 ) and doubled and scored in a three - run seventh	True
Mikie Mahtook hit a solo homer in the fourth off Jose Quintana ( 13 - 12 ) and doubled and scored in a three - run seventh off Chicago 's shaky bullpen . Quintana allowed two runs and five hits over six innings for the White Sox , whose five - game winning streak ended despite Carlos Sanchez 's two - out , two - run homer in the seventh	True
Chicago clinched its fourth consecutive losing season under manager Robin Ventura , whose future with the team is uncertain . And Quintana has been mentioned as a candidate to be traded if the White Sox decide to rebuild . Archer got the first two outs of the seventh	True
Erasmo Ramirez worked the eighth amid a steady rain before the umpires called for the tarp . After a 35-minute delay , Alex Colome got the final three outs for his 36th save . Eaton 's groundout to lead off the sixth put Archer over 200 innings for the second consecutive season . But it 's been nothing like 2015 , when Archer was an All-Star and fifth	False
While Archer has pitched better in the second half , he 's gotten little support . Tampa Bay scored two or fewer runs in 15 of his 19 losses , leaving him one loss shy of being the second pitcher in 36 years to lose 20 . Archer 's five strikeouts gave him 233 , second	False
Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single against his former team in the second ended Tampa Bay 's 41-inning streak of not holding a lead . Ramirez also singled and scored in the seventh	True
Kim hit a pinch-hit , two - run homer in the ninth inning off Roberto Osuna , and the Orioles beat Toronto 3 - 2 on Wednesday night to move within one game of the AL wild card-leading Blue Jays . With Toronto ahead 2 - 1 , Jonathan Schoop singled with one out , pinch-runner Michael Bourn stole second	False
Osuna ( 3 - 3 ) has five blown save chances , including two in his last three appearances . Trumbo hit his major league-leading 46th home run , a solo drive off Jason Grilli in the eighth	True
Osuna ( 3 - 3 ) has five blown save chances , including two in his last three appearances . Trumbo hit his major league-leading 46th home run , a solo drive off Jason Grilli in the eighth . Sacrifice flies by Edwin Encarnacion in the first	True
Osuna ( 3 - 3 ) has five blown save chances , including two in his last three appearances . Trumbo hit his major league-leading 46th home run , a solo drive off Jason Grilli in the eighth . Sacrifice flies by Edwin Encarnacion in the first and Kevin Pillar in the second	False
Blue Jays left-hander Francisco Liriano struck out 10 over six shutout innings . Toronto starters have allowed one earned run or none in a team record seven straight games . Liriano was perfect until Adam Jones singled to begin the fourth	True
Blue Jays left-hander Francisco Liriano struck out 10 over six shutout innings . Toronto starters have allowed one earned run or none in a team record seven straight games . Liriano was perfect until Adam Jones singled to begin the fourth . Davis followed with a single by Liriano struck out the next three batters . Baltimore loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth	True
Liriano was perfect until Adam Jones singled to begin the fourth . Davis followed with a single by Liriano struck out the next three batters . Baltimore loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth but Davis took a called third strike . Liriano left to a standing ovation after Jonathan Schoop 's single put runners at first	False
Liriano was perfect until Adam Jones singled to begin the fourth . Davis followed with a single by Liriano struck out the next three batters . Baltimore loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth but Davis took a called third strike . Liriano left to a standing ovation after Jonathan Schoop 's single put runners at first and second	False
Liriano was perfect until Adam Jones singled to begin the fourth . Davis followed with a single by Liriano struck out the next three batters . Baltimore loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth but Davis took a called third strike . Liriano left to a standing ovation after Jonathan Schoop 's single put runners at first and second in the seventh	True
In a game that began with a hovering mist above the field on a cool Bay Area night -- with first-pitch temperature 55 degrees -- Samardzija struck out a season-high 11 in six - plus innings of his final regular season start . He allowed seven hits and two runs , walking one . Pinch-hitter Kelby Tomlinson doubled leading off the ninth	True
In a game that began with a hovering mist above the field on a cool Bay Area night -- with first-pitch temperature 55 degrees -- Samardzija struck out a season-high 11 in six - plus innings of his final regular season start . He allowed seven hits and two runs , walking one . Pinch-hitter Kelby Tomlinson doubled leading off the ninth against Rockies closer Boone Logan , who then allowed Brandon Belt 's two - out infield single . Adam Ottavino retired Buster Posey on a groundout to third	False
Pinch-hitter Kelby Tomlinson doubled leading off the ninth against Rockies closer Boone Logan , who then allowed Brandon Belt 's two - out infield single . Adam Ottavino retired Buster Posey on a groundout to third to end it for his sixth save . The Giants ' lone runner to reach second	False
Pinch-hitter Kelby Tomlinson doubled leading off the ninth against Rockies closer Boone Logan , who then allowed Brandon Belt 's two - out infield single . Adam Ottavino retired Buster Posey on a groundout to third to end it for his sixth save . The Giants ' lone runner to reach second before the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Kelby Tomlinson doubled leading off the ninth against Rockies closer Boone Logan , who then allowed Brandon Belt 's two - out infield single . Adam Ottavino retired Buster Posey on a groundout to third to end it for his sixth save . The Giants ' lone runner to reach second before the ninth was Angel Pagan on a wild pitch in the second	True
Twice baserunners were caught stealing and the Giants grounded into two double plays . They know they have serious work to do in order to keep alive a streak of World Series championships in even years this decade : 2010 , ' 12 and ' 14 . Samardzija has struck out nine or more in each of his past three starts against the Rockies . With runners on first	False
Twice baserunners were caught stealing and the Giants grounded into two double plays . They know they have serious work to do in order to keep alive a streak of World Series championships in even years this decade : 2010 , ' 12 and ' 14 . Samardzija has struck out nine or more in each of his past three starts against the Rockies . With runners on first and third	False
Twice baserunners were caught stealing and the Giants grounded into two double plays . They know they have serious work to do in order to keep alive a streak of World Series championships in even years this decade : 2010 , ' 12 and ' 14 . Samardzija has struck out nine or more in each of his past three starts against the Rockies . With runners on first and third and one out in the sixth	True
He is 8 - 1 with a majors-best 1.69 ERA in 13 road starts , and he is 3 - 1 with a 2.12 ERA in six career outings at AT & T Park . Chatwood 's road ERA is the lowest in franchise history for pitchers with at least 80 innings . After allowing Conor Gillaspie 's leadoff single in the third	True
He is 8 - 1 with a majors-best 1.69 ERA in 13 road starts , and he is 3 - 1 with a 2.12 ERA in six career outings at AT & T Park . Chatwood 's road ERA is the lowest in franchise history for pitchers with at least 80 innings . After allowing Conor Gillaspie 's leadoff single in the third , Chatwood retired the next 11 batters in order before Belt drew a leadoff walk in the seventh	True
Shields ( 6 - 18 ) allowed one run and seven hits , using six strikeouts to help wriggle out of several jams and lift Chicago win its third straight . The right-hander had n't won since July 26 , when he pitched scoreless ball into the eighth	True
`` ( Shields ) mixed ( pitches ) really well . It 's just kind of unfortunate that he put it together against us tonight . '' Curt Casali drove in the lone run off Shields with a single in the fourth	True
Curt Casali drove in the lone run off Shields with a single in the fourth . Jaff Decker had three hits for Tampa Bay , which has dropped four straight and seven of eight . The White Sox bullpen pitched scoreless ball thanks in part to Abreu throwing out Mikie Mahtook at the plate in the eighth	True
Shields began his career with Tampa Bay in 2006 and pitched seven seasons with the Rays . He 's 4 - 11 with the White Sox , who acquired him from San Diego on June 4 . Morneau homered in the seventh	True
Shields began his career with Tampa Bay in 2006 and pitched seven seasons with the Rays . He 's 4 - 11 with the White Sox , who acquired him from San Diego on June 4 . Morneau homered in the seventh and Sanchez connected in the eighth	False
Adam Conley pitched three scoreless innings subbing for Fernandez , who had been scheduled to make his final start of the year . Justin Bour went 3 for 3 and Gordon had four hits , including one that will go down in Marlins lore . Paying tribute to their charismatic ace , the left-handed-hitting Gordon stepped to the plate as a righty leading off the first	True
Each of the Marlins wore black jerseys bearing Fernandez 's No . 16 and name , a tribute they had suggested . Stanton delivered an emotional speech as the entire team gathered at the mound moments before the game , and then contributed a hit , a run and a running , lunging backhanded catch in right field to rob Jay Bruce . The portly Bour hit his first career triple , which he capped with a belly flop into third	False
The portly Bour hit his first career triple , which he capped with a belly flop into third before rising to strike a muscleman pose that had his teammates and the crowd of 26,933 smiling . Conley returned from finger tendinitis that had sidelined him since Aug. 13 , and was followed by eight relievers . Mike Dunn ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect fourth	True
The portly Bour hit his first career triple , which he capped with a belly flop into third before rising to strike a muscleman pose that had his teammates and the crowd of 26,933 smiling . Conley returned from finger tendinitis that had sidelined him since Aug. 13 , and was followed by eight relievers . Mike Dunn ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect fourth , and Scott McGowan retired pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson with the bases loaded to end the sixth	True
Conley returned from finger tendinitis that had sidelined him since Aug. 13 , and was followed by eight relievers . Mike Dunn ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect fourth , and Scott McGowan retired pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson with the bases loaded to end the sixth . A. J. Ramos pitched a hitless ninth	True
Things might not have been so tight had the Rangers been able to do anything against Cotton . Adrian Beltre drove in the only run for Texas with his team-leading 32nd home run in the seventh	True
Sean Doolittle and Ryan Dull pitched one inning apiece to complete the five - hitter . The A 's did all of their scoring in the second	True
Girardi 's frustration was plainly evident . He cut short his postgame media session and angrily walked out of his office following a question about bullpen usage . Liriano ( 8 - 13 ) escaped a bases-loaded jam by striking out Chase Headley to end a 27-pitch first inning , then left runners at the corners after the first two batters reached in the third	True
Liriano allowed three hits , walked two and struck out six for his second win with Toronto . Reliever Joaquin Benoit walked Aaron Hicks to begin the seventh	True
Liriano allowed three hits , walked two and struck out six for his second win with Toronto . Reliever Joaquin Benoit walked Aaron Hicks to begin the seventh but pinch-hitter Brian McCann grounded into a double play . Brett Cecil worked the eighth	True
Reliever Joaquin Benoit walked Aaron Hicks to begin the seventh but pinch-hitter Brian McCann grounded into a double play . Brett Cecil worked the eighth and Danny Barnes finished . Tulowitzki opened the scoring with a two - out , bases-loaded single off Bryan Mitchell ( 1 - 2 ) in the first	True
Reliever Joaquin Benoit walked Aaron Hicks to begin the seventh but pinch-hitter Brian McCann grounded into a double play . Brett Cecil worked the eighth and Danny Barnes finished . Tulowitzki opened the scoring with a two - out , bases-loaded single off Bryan Mitchell ( 1 - 2 ) in the first and Encarnacion made it 3 - 0 with a bases-loaded walk in the second	True
Mitchell allowed three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings . Jose Bautista hit a two - run double off Blake Parker in the seventh	True
Jose Bautista hit a two - run double off Blake Parker in the seventh and Tulowitzki added a second two - run single . Donaldson homered off Ben Heller in the eighth	False
Chicago scored four runs in the first inning off Mike Leake ( 9 - 11 ) and dropped the Cardinals 1 1/2 games behind the Mets and a half-game behind the Giants for the two NL wild-card berths . Pedro Strop came off the disabled list to work the eighth	True
Pedro Strop came off the disabled list to work the eighth , and Travis Wood and Carl Edwards Jr. finished the five - hitter . Rizzo , Zobrist and Chris Coghlan drove in runs in the first	True
Rizzo , Zobrist and Chris Coghlan drove in runs in the first off Leake , who lasted 3 1/3 innings and is winless in four starts since recovering from shingles . Leake allowed another run on one of two wild pitches . Cardinals ' gaffes included Kolten Wong face-planting into the turf chasing Rizzo 's first-inning double and Matt Adams getting picked off first	False
The game was delayed for 13 minutes in the bottom of the third inning due to bees on the field . Stroman allowed runs in the second	True
Stroman allowed runs in the second and fourth innings before Joe Biagini gave up two in the seventh inning . Trout went from first	False
Stroman allowed runs in the second and fourth innings before Joe Biagini gave up two in the seventh inning . Trout went from first to third	False
Stroman allowed runs in the second and fourth innings before Joe Biagini gave up two in the seventh inning . Trout went from first to third on Pujols ' single in the seventh	True
Stroman allowed runs in the second and fourth innings before Joe Biagini gave up two in the seventh inning . Trout went from first to third on Pujols ' single in the seventh and came home on C. J. Cron 's sacrifice fly . After Andrelton Simmons walked , Rafael Ortega 's flare dropped into shallow left field for a single . Ortega advanced to second	False
Reynolds was struck by Jose Dominguez 's pitch with one out in the fifth inning . It put a damper on Colorado 's sweep of the Padres . Tony Wolters had three hits and Chad Bettis pitched into the sixth	True
Bettis ( 13 - 7 ) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings . He won for the third time in his last four starts and helped himself with two walks and an RBI . Adam Ottavino pitched the ninth	True
Adam Ottavino pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Padres starter Jarred Cosart ( 0 - 4 ) ran into trouble in the fourth	True
NEW YORK -- Their rotation ravaged , the Mets handed the ball to a rookie for his first major league start . Their late-inning relievers run down , they allowed a 33-year-old left-handed specialist to face the big leagues ' No . 2 home-run hitter with two outs in the ninth	True
Michael Conforto drove in two runs with a first-inning , opposite-field single to left , his first multi-RBI game since June 8. T. J. Rivera , a Bronx-born 27-year-old rookie , added a third-inning homer off Kyle Gibson ( 6 - 10 ) . A season-high 11 games over .500 , the Mets won for the 11th time in 14 games despite benching Jose Reyes , Asdrubal Cabrera , James Loney , Curtis Granderson and Jay Bruce from the starting lineup after Saturday 's late-night win , powered by Granderson 's home runs in the 11th	True
So under-the-radar that he is able to ride in a scooter from his Manhattan apartment to the subway , then scoot the short distance from the subway to the players ' entrance at Citi Field , Blevins wants to make up for last year . He was limited to seven games after his left arm was broken by a line drive in April , then fractured again when he slipped off a curb in August . He lost a chance to pitch against left-handers in October . With closer Jeurys Familia and set-up man Addison Reed unavailable , Blevins retired pinch-hitter Eduardo Escobar on a popup to strand Robbie Grossman at third	False
With closer Jeurys Familia and set-up man Addison Reed unavailable , Blevins retired pinch-hitter Eduardo Escobar on a popup to strand Robbie Grossman at third in the eighth inning . He struck out John Ryan Murphy starting the ninth	True
He struck out John Ryan Murphy starting the ninth , then got pinch-hitter Joe Mauer to pop out . After a mound visit by pitching coach Dan Warthen , Blevins threw a pair of called strikes to Dozier and got him to swing over a curveball in the dirt . New York 's sixth pitcher , Blevins got his fourth career save and second	False
Ynoa started in place of 2014 NL Rookie of the Year Jacob deGrom , likely out for the rest of the year because of an injury to the ulnar nerve in his right elbow that probably will require surgery . Ynoa entered with a 15.19 ERA in six relief appearances and became the Mets 11th starter this season . He allowed four hits , one walk and Murphy 's sacrifice fly in the second	True
After a strong start as a rookie last year , Conforto was demoted to Triple-A twice this season and entered Sunday hitting .214 . Rivera spent six seasons in the minors before making his debut Aug. 10 . Erik Goeddel ( 2 - 1 ) struck out Kennys Vargas to strand the bases loaded in the fifth	True
After a strong start as a rookie last year , Conforto was demoted to Triple-A twice this season and entered Sunday hitting .214 . Rivera spent six seasons in the minors before making his debut Aug. 10 . Erik Goeddel ( 2 - 1 ) struck out Kennys Vargas to strand the bases loaded in the fifth , and Vargas cut the lead to one when he homered in the eighth	True
The Pirates skipped Taillon 's previous turn in the rotation , trying to limit the rookie 's innings . He missed the 2014 and ` 15 seasons while recovering from Tommy John surgery and an operation to repair a hernia . Pittsburgh sent nine batters to the plate in a 17-minute top of the first inning against Anthony DeSclafani ( 8 - 4 ) , scoring four times with the help of three walks and the first	False
Pittsburgh sent nine batters to the plate in a 17-minute top of the first inning against Anthony DeSclafani ( 8 - 4 ) , scoring four times with the help of three walks and the first of a six combined errors in the game . The first pitch was delayed 62 minutes because of rain . The doubleheader , the first	False
A day later , they put a stylish finish on their summer-long dominance of the Central . Chicago ( 94 - 53 ) pushed across two runs in the ninth	True
A day later , they put a stylish finish on their summer-long dominance of the Central . Chicago ( 94 - 53 ) pushed across two runs in the ninth and Montero connected for a leadoff drive in the 10th	True
There were hugs all around before the team gathered for a photo in front of the pitcher 's mound with one of the ` W ' flags that fly all over the Chicago area after Cubs victories . The celebration then transitioned to the team 's refurbished clubhouse , where players sprayed each other with champagne while a DJ played dance music . Chris Coghlan had three hits for the Cubs , including an RBI single that sparked the ninth-inning rally . Albert Almora Jr. hit a two - run homer , and Aroldis Chapman ( 4 - 1 ) struck out the side in the 10th	True
The Brewers also lost two outfielders to injuries . Center fielder Keon Broxton slammed into the wall in left center while tracking down Tommy La Stella 's drive in the third inning , breaking his right wrist . He was replaced by Kirk Nieuwenhuis , who left in the seventh inning with an abdominal strain . Gennett 's tiebreaking two - run drive made it 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
The Brewers also lost two outfielders to injuries . Center fielder Keon Broxton slammed into the wall in left center while tracking down Tommy La Stella 's drive in the third inning , breaking his right wrist . He was replaced by Kirk Nieuwenhuis , who left in the seventh inning with an abdominal strain . Gennett 's tiebreaking two - run drive made it 4 - 2 in the seventh , but the Cubs responded in the ninth	True
Gennett 's tiebreaking two - run drive made it 4 - 2 in the seventh , but the Cubs responded in the ninth . Coghlan singled in Willson Contreras and pinch-hitter Addison Russell drove in the tying run with an infield hit , sliding headfirst into the bag to beat the throw from Gennett at second	False
Greinke ( 12 - 7 ) gave up three runs on four hits , struck out four and walked four . The Dodgers ' lead in the NL West remained four games over second-place San Francisco . The Los Angeles bullpen held the Diamondbacks to three hits over four innings , with six relievers combining for six strikeouts . Closer Kenley Jansen gave up Chris Owings ' triple and a long sacrifice fly by Paul Goldschmidt in the bottom of the ninth	True
Jansen set a career high in saves with his 45th , though his streak of nine straight scoreless outings ended . Reliever Joe Blanton walked the bases loaded in the bottom of the eighth	True
Reliever Joe Blanton walked the bases loaded in the bottom of the eighth , but got pinch-hitter Rickie Weeks Jr. to hit into a force play to end the inning . The Dodgers scored twice off Greinke in the first inning . Chase Utley led off with a double and took third	False
Maeda 's momentary lack of control in the bottom of the second helped the Diamondbacks get a run . Welington Castillo singled and Maeda walked Yasmany Tomas and Brandon Drury with one out . Mitch Haniger 's fielder 's choice drove in Castillo , but Arizona stranded runners at the corners . The Dodgers made it 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
Maeda 's momentary lack of control in the bottom of the second helped the Diamondbacks get a run . Welington Castillo singled and Maeda walked Yasmany Tomas and Brandon Drury with one out . Mitch Haniger 's fielder 's choice drove in Castillo , but Arizona stranded runners at the corners . The Dodgers made it 3 - 1 in the fourth . Adrian Gonzalez scored from second base on a force when Jean Segura 's throw to first	False
Segura made up for his error , at least some , by flagging down a ball hit up the middle by Maeda that looked headed for center field and an RBI . Segura threw out Maeda to end the inning . The Diamondbacks put the first two batters on base in the sixth	True
Tanner Roark pitched seven scoreless innings and Wilson Ramos homered in the seventh inning for the game 's only run as the Washington Nationals beat the New York Mets 1 - 0 on Wednesday . With one out in the seventh	True
Roark ( 15 - 8 ) allowed three hits with seven strikeouts and four walks , one intentional . Reliever Blake Treinen pitched the eighth	True
New York opened the game with back-to-back singles and loaded the bases with one out , but Roark escaped by striking out Jay Bruce and getting T. J. Rivera on a fly ball . Bryce Harper struck out looking against reliever Josh Smoker with two runners on to end the sixth	True
New York opened the game with back-to-back singles and loaded the bases with one out , but Roark escaped by striking out Jay Bruce and getting T. J. Rivera on a fly ball . Bryce Harper struck out looking against reliever Josh Smoker with two runners on to end the sixth and finished 0 for 2 with a walk . He was also thrown out stealing to end the fourth	True
Left out of the starting lineup , Jacoby Ellsbury and Didi Gregorius hit back-to-back homers on consecutive pitches in the seventh inning to power the New York Yankees past the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Gary Sanchez added a leadoff home run in the eighth	True
The Los Angeles Dodgers ran into their old nemesis on Tuesday night in left-handed pitching , as CC Sabathia kept them at bay to lead a Yankees shutout . Prized rookie Julio Urias was lifted in the fourth	True
Adam Warren ( 3 - 1 ) retired both batters he faced , and Dellin Betances got four outs for his 11th save . The five - hitter was New York 's 10th shutout of the season . Ellsbury originally was rested against the left-hander , but entered in the fifth	True
Ellsbury originally was rested against the left-hander , but entered in the fifth when rookie right fielder Aaron Judge exited with an injury . With one out in the seventh	True
Marte had three hits and Zunino homered and doubled . Zunino doubled off Ryan Madson ( 5 - 5 ) to begin the ninth	True
The left-hander could n't throw his cut fastball and did n't have good command of his fastball because of a problem with the nail on his left middle finger . Zunino hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The left-hander could n't throw his cut fastball and did n't have good command of his fastball because of a problem with the nail on his left middle finger . Zunino hit a two - run homer in the second off rookie Raul Alcantara . He left with two outs in the sixth	True
Alcantara allowed two runs on seven hits , one walk and a hit batsman . Steve Cishek ( 3 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Marwin Gonzalez drove in a run with a third-inning squeeze bunt for the Astros , who began the day 2 games back for the AL 's second wild card . Bregman put the Astros ahead with an opposite-field home run to right-center against John Lackey ( 9 - 8 ) in a two - run third	True
McHugh spoke with Hinch about the decision on a quick hook . Ken Giles survived a shaky ninth	True
McHugh spoke with Hinch about the decision on a quick hook . Ken Giles survived a shaky ninth to earn his 10th save . He walked Anthony Rizzo leading off , and pinch-runner Matt Szczur advanced on a wild pitch . Jorge Soler struck out and Szczur crossed to third	False
Jose Altuve , in an 0 - for - 12 slide , followed Bregman 's homer by reaching on his second bunt single of the season , beating third baseman Kris Bryant 's throw . Yulieski Gurriel singled him to third	False
Jose Altuve , in an 0 - for - 12 slide , followed Bregman 's homer by reaching on his second bunt single of the season , beating third baseman Kris Bryant 's throw . Yulieski Gurriel singled him to third , and Gonzalez bunted to third	False
Contreras ' fourth-inning sacrifice fly scored Soler , who beat the offline throw from right fielder George Springer . Houston could have extended the lead in the seventh	True
Contreras ' fourth-inning sacrifice fly scored Soler , who beat the offline throw from right fielder George Springer . Houston could have extended the lead in the seventh , but Springer was thrown out at the plate by when he tried to score from first	False
Roberts made the tough decision to pull Hill after seven perfect innings in the Los Angeles Dodgers ' 5 - 0 victory over the Miami Marlins . Hill ( 12 - 3 ) had thrown 89 pitches and struck out nine when Roberts replaced the 35-year-old left-hander with Joe Blanton at the start of the eighth	True
Hill felt he could have continued pitching . Blanton struck out Christian Yelich and retired Marcell Ozuna a groundout before Jeff Francoeur singled to left . Grant Dayton gave up Dee Gordon 's two - out infield hit in the ninth	True
There has never been a combined perfect game . In what is considered to be an unofficial perfect game , Babe Ruth of the Boston Red Sox walked the Washington Senators ' Ray Morgan leading off on June 23 , 1917 and Ruth was ejected . Ernie Shore relieved , Morgan was caught stealing and Shore retired the remaining 26 batters . Dodgers left fielder Yasiel Puig , brought back from the minors on Sept. 2 , made an outstanding diving catch for the final out of the seventh	True
Dodgers left fielder Yasiel Puig , brought back from the minors on Sept. 2 , made an outstanding diving catch for the final out of the seventh . Prado hit a drive to deep left-center and Puig sprinted and as he approached the warning track dived toward the wall to make the catch . Joc Pederson made a sliding and diving catch on a drive to center by Ozuna in the second	True
Joc Pederson made a sliding and diving catch on a drive to center by Ozuna in the second . Pederson connected in the fifth	True
Joc Pederson made a sliding and diving catch on a drive to center by Ozuna in the second . Pederson connected in the fifth and seventh innings , and Corey Seager and Justin Turner hit consecutive homers in the sixth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Down to his final strike and his team trailing by a run with two outs in the ninth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Down to his final strike and his team trailing by a run with two outs in the ninth , St. Louis pinch-hitter Matt Carpenter told himself to just find a pitch he could handle . When the fastball from closer Tony Watson ended up right down the middle and not up and away as Watson hoped , Carpenter pounced . His solo homer -- a major league record 15th	False
When the fastball from closer Tony Watson ended up right down the middle and not up and away as Watson hoped , Carpenter pounced . His solo homer -- a major league record 15th by a St. Louis pinch-hitter this season -- tied it and sent a jolt through the Cardinals . A home run each from Randal Grichuk and Jhonny Peralta followed , and St. Louis rallied for a stunning 9 - 7 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Matt Carpenter 's home run in the ninth	True
The Cardinals hit three home runs in a comeback win over the Pirates . Pittsburgh has now lost 8 in a row and is 5.5 games back in the wild-card race . St. Louis blew an early five - run lead and the Pirates were a pitch away from ending a seven - game losing streak when Watson 's 0 - 2 fastball turned into Carpenter 's 18th home run . An All-Star two years ago as a setup man who moved into the closer role when Mark Melancon was traded to Washington at the deadline , Watson gave up as many homers in the ninth	True
St. Louis blew an early five - run lead and the Pirates were a pitch away from ending a seven - game losing streak when Watson 's 0 - 2 fastball turned into Carpenter 's 18th home run . An All-Star two years ago as a setup man who moved into the closer role when Mark Melancon was traded to Washington at the deadline , Watson gave up as many homers in the ninth as he did during the entire 2015 season . Yadier Molina went 4 for 5 , including a first-inning grand slam for St. Louis . Mike Mayers ( 1 - 1 ) tossed a scoreless eighth	True
St. Louis blew an early five - run lead and the Pirates were a pitch away from ending a seven - game losing streak when Watson 's 0 - 2 fastball turned into Carpenter 's 18th home run . An All-Star two years ago as a setup man who moved into the closer role when Mark Melancon was traded to Washington at the deadline , Watson gave up as many homers in the ninth as he did during the entire 2015 season . Yadier Molina went 4 for 5 , including a first-inning grand slam for St. Louis . Mike Mayers ( 1 - 1 ) tossed a scoreless eighth for the win , and Seung-Hwan Oh worked around a solo homer to Jung Ho Kang in the ninth	True
The Cardinals finished with five home runs in all , including Matt Adams ' 436-foot drive over the seats in right field that plopped into the Allegheny River on the bounce . The comeback allowed St. Louis to remain a game in front of the New York Mets for the second wild card in the National League . Jung Ho Kang had two homers for Pittsburgh and Jordy Mercer hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
Los Angeles wasted a mostly strong outing by Nolasco ( 5 - 13 ) . Coming off a four - hit shutout against Cincinnati , Nolasco retired the first 16 batters against Oakland to extend his streak to 28 until Healy 's single to center on a 1 - 2 pitch . The Angels right-hander faced one over the minimum through seven before the A 's batted around in the eighth	True
Nolasco allowed three runs , two hits and two walks with five strikeouts . The Angels did all of their scoring in the second	True
Brian Dozier hit his 39th home run of the season for the Twins , moving him into a tie with Rogers Hornsby ( twice ) and Alfonso Soriano for fourth-most home runs by a second baseman in a season . He has homered in five straight games , tying Harmon Killebrew and Marty Cordova for the longest streak in Twins history . Former Twin Drew Butera 's bases loaded single off Brandon Kintzler ( 0 - 2 ) broke a 3 - 3 tie and got the Royals rolling in the ninth	True
Upton hit a two - run homer with two out in the eighth inning , sending the Tigers to a 6 - 5 victory over the Royals on Sunday . Upton also doubled in J. D. Martinez in the second	True
Upton also doubled in J. D. Martinez in the second . He has seven homers and 18 RBI in his past 14 games . Miguel Cabrera was on first	False
Miguel Cabrera was on first after a leadoff single when Upton drove a fastball from Joakim Soria ( 4 - 7 ) over the wall in center for his 20th homer , giving Detroit a 6 - 5 lead . The seven losses are a career high for Soria . Shane Greene ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez worked the ninth	True
Shane Greene ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez worked the ninth for his 38th save in 42 opportunities . The Royals batted around in a four - run seventh	True
The Royals batted around in a four - run seventh , highlighted by Jarrod Dyson 's two - run triple with two out . Paulo Orlando doubled home Dyson , but the lead was short-lived . Alcides Escobar opened the Kansas City ninth	True
The Royals batted around in a four - run seventh , highlighted by Jarrod Dyson 's two - run triple with two out . Paulo Orlando doubled home Dyson , but the lead was short-lived . Alcides Escobar opened the Kansas City ninth with a double and advanced on Dyson 's groundout . Before Dyson bounced to second	False
Alcides Escobar opened the Kansas City ninth with a double and advanced on Dyson 's groundout . Before Dyson bounced to second , he drove a ball just outside the right-field foul pole . The Royals asked for a review . Escobar was stranded at third	False
Alcides Escobar opened the Kansas City ninth with a double and advanced on Dyson 's groundout . Before Dyson bounced to second , he drove a ball just outside the right-field foul pole . The Royals asked for a review . Escobar was stranded at third when Alex Gordon bounced to second	False
Alcides Escobar opened the Kansas City ninth with a double and advanced on Dyson 's groundout . Before Dyson bounced to second , he drove a ball just outside the right-field foul pole . The Royals asked for a review . Escobar was stranded at third when Alex Gordon bounced to second and Orlando grounded out to third	False
Tigers left-hander Daniel Norris was charged with three runs and four hits in six - plus innings . He struck out seven and walked one . Escobar homered in the third	True
Pinch-hitter Yasmani Grandal drove in three runs , including a go-ahead single in the fifth inning , to help the NL West leaders take two of three from the last-place Padres . The Dodgers increased their lead to three games over the Giants , who lost to the Cubs 3 - 2 in 13 innings . De Leon became the 15th different starting pitcher -- and seventh	False
De Leon became the 15th different starting pitcher -- and seventh in seven days -- used by Los Angeles this season . The 24-year-old right-hander , recalled a day earlier from Triple-A Oklahoma City , recorded the second-most strikeouts by a Dodgers pitcher in his major league debut . After reaching on a single in the fifth	True
After reaching on a single in the fifth , Wil Myers raved about De Leon . De Leon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings and did n't issue a walk . He struck out the side in the sixth	True
De Leon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings and did n't issue a walk . He struck out the side in the sixth to finish with a flourish . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
Kevin Quackenbush ( 7 - 5 ) took the loss in relief , giving up one run and two hits . He walked one . Yasiel Puig hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Yasiel Puig hit a three - run homer in the third that put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 2 in his second start since being recalled last week after a month-long demotion to the minors . Grandal hit a two - run homer with two outs in the seventh	True
Grandal hit a two - run homer with two outs in the seventh , scoring Puig , who walked , and extending the Dodgers ' lead to 7 - 4 . Chase Utley 's RBI single tied the game 4-all in the fifth	True
Chase Utley 's RBI single tied the game 4-all in the fifth . Grandal made it 5 - 4 on an RBI single . Yangervis Solarte hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Chase Utley 's RBI single tied the game 4-all in the fifth . Grandal made it 5 - 4 on an RBI single . Yangervis Solarte hit a two - run homer in the third and the Padres scored the tying and go-ahead runs in the fifth	False
DE LEON'S Ks De Leon fell one strikeout short of the most by a Dodgers pitcher in their big-league debut . Kazuhisa Ishii in April 2002 against Colorado and Pedro Astacio in July 1992 against Philadelphia had 10 each . De Leon 's nine strikeouts tied for the third	False
Arrieta ( 16 - 6 ) was charged with three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings in his first loss since July 30 . Chicago had won five in a row overall . The Cubs had one last chance when pinch hitter Anthony Rizzo led off the ninth	True
Arrieta ( 16 - 6 ) was charged with three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in six innings in his first loss since July 30 . Chicago had won five in a row overall . The Cubs had one last chance when pinch hitter Anthony Rizzo led off the ninth with a walk against Will Smith . Rizzo advanced on a sacrifice by Dexter Fowler , but the big first baseman was caught off second	False
Kris Bryant then hit a soft lineout to shortstop Brandon Crawford , handing Santiago Casilla his 30th save . Chicago also had an opportunity in the sixth	True
Kris Bryant then hit a soft lineout to shortstop Brandon Crawford , handing Santiago Casilla his 30th save . Chicago also had an opportunity in the sixth , but Bumgarner struck out Matt Szczur for the third time with two on . Hunter Strickland got Addison Russell to line to right with the bases loaded in the seventh	True
The Cubs entered with a 16-game lead in the NL Central thanks to a number of tremendous defensive plays in the past week . But they were sloppy on a cloudless day with the wind blowing in as two of the game 's top pitchers squared off . Third baseman Tommy La Stella 's two - out throwing error in the first made it 1 - 0 . The Giants scored in the fourth	True
The Cubs entered with a 16-game lead in the NL Central thanks to a number of tremendous defensive plays in the past week . But they were sloppy on a cloudless day with the wind blowing in as two of the game 's top pitchers squared off . Third baseman Tommy La Stella 's two - out throwing error in the first made it 1 - 0 . The Giants scored in the fourth with the help of a passed ball and added a run in the sixth	False
Third baseman Tommy La Stella 's two - out throwing error in the first made it 1 - 0 . The Giants scored in the fourth with the help of a passed ball and added a run in the sixth on Arrieta 's second wild pitch . The Cubs got within 2 - 1 in the fifth thanks to Javier Baez 's hustle . He led off with a single , stole second	False
The Cubs got within 2 - 1 in the fifth thanks to Javier Baez 's hustle . He led off with a single , stole second and scored from there when third baseman Eduardo Nunez was unable to barehand Arrieta 's slow roller . Angel Pagan doubled and scored on the error by La Stella , who was a late addition after Jorge Soler was scratched with an ingrown toenail . Soler hit for La Stella in the fifth	True
Angel Pagan doubled and scored on the error by La Stella , who was a late addition after Jorge Soler was scratched with an ingrown toenail . Soler hit for La Stella in the fifth and struck out with one on . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead on Nunez 's RBI single in a fourth	True
The Rangers nearly squandered a seven - run lead but won their sixth straight to push their AL West advantage to 9 1/2 games over the second-place Astros . Houston lost the first	False
The 22-year-old has four homers in three games -- the first three in the last two games of a sweep of Seattle that essentially ended the Mariners ' hopes in the division race . Alex Bregman had a solo homer and a two - run triple but popped out to end the eighth	True
A. J. Griffin ( 7 - 3 ) improved to 5 - 0 in his career against Houston , allowing three hits and three runs in 5 2/3 innings . Sam Dyson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Sam Dyson pitched a perfect ninth for his 31st save after five other relievers combined to allow five runs -- four earned -- on four hits with three walks . Carlos Beltran homered in the fourth	True
This time , no such ill luck . Bryant had an RBI single and scored in a two - run first	True
Bryant had an RBI single and scored in a two - run first . Dexter Fowler added two hits , drove in a run and scored one . Contreras led off the fourth	True
Bryant had an RBI single and scored in a two - run first . Dexter Fowler added two hits , drove in a run and scored one . Contreras led off the fourth with a homer . Rizzo continued his resurgence with a solo drive in the fifth	True
That was plenty for Hendricks , the major league ERA leader . Hendricks left to a standing ovation after Josh Reddick singled with one out in the eighth	True
Hendricks left to a standing ovation after Josh Reddick singled with one out in the eighth . The only other hit Hendricks allowed was a single by Andrew Toles on the game 's first pitch . Kershaw , dominant in Game 2 , gave up five runs and seven hits before being lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth	True
The Dodgers have n't been to the World Series since winning in 1988 . Pitching on five days ' rest , Kershaw needed 30 pitches to get through the first	True
Pitching on five days ' rest , Kershaw needed 30 pitches to get through the first . Fowler led off with a double against the three - time NL Cy Young Award winner , and Bryant 's single had the crowd shaking the 102-year-old ballpark . Fans had more to cheer when left fielder Andrew Toles dropped Rizzo 's fly , putting runners on second	False
Pitching on five days ' rest , Kershaw needed 30 pitches to get through the first . Fowler led off with a double against the three - time NL Cy Young Award winner , and Bryant 's single had the crowd shaking the 102-year-old ballpark . Fans had more to cheer when left fielder Andrew Toles dropped Rizzo 's fly , putting runners on second and third	False
Fans had more to cheer when left fielder Andrew Toles dropped Rizzo 's fly , putting runners on second and third , and Ben Zobrist made it 2 - 0 a sacrifice fly . The Cubs added a run in the second	True
The hard-hitting Blue Jays have mustered only three runs in the series and have never led . Kipnis led off the sixth	True
They appeared in that order , yet another instance in which Francona maneuvered his bullpen unencumbered by rigid roles . Allen , who usually closes , entered in the seventh	True
Even with the Indians up 3 - 0 , their rotation for the rest of this series is n't a sure thing . Kluber is set to come back for Game 4 ( and presumably a potential Game 7 ) on short rest , and lightly used rookie Ryan Merritt is lined up for Game 5 . Michael Saunders homered early for Toronto . Ezequiel Carrera tripled leading off the fifth	True
`` [ Santana ] told me to look for a high pitch and stay through the ball , '' Lindor told ESPN 's Marly Rivera . `` He told me that when he 's had success against [ Estrada ] , it has been looking for those high pitches , and that 's what I did against him . I looked for the high pitch and then tried to hit it hard straight through the middle . '' Kluber , Cleveland 's ace , pitched 6 1/3 spotless innings before manager Terry Francona turned things over to the Indians ' best weapon -- their bullpen . Andrew Miller made the Blue Jays look silly , striking out five of the six batters he faced , and closer Cody Allen earned the save with a perfect ninth	True
Kluber , Cleveland 's ace , pitched 6 1/3 spotless innings before manager Terry Francona turned things over to the Indians ' best weapon -- their bullpen . Andrew Miller made the Blue Jays look silly , striking out five of the six batters he faced , and closer Cody Allen earned the save with a perfect ninth as the Indians extended their longest postseason winning streak since 1920 . The Blue Jays wasted some early scoring chances -- they had six runners in the first three innings -- against Kluber , and their frustration only grew as the night went on . Toronto slugger Jose Bautista struck out three times , and Edwin Encarnacion lost his cool when he was fanned in the eighth	True
The right-hander has not allowed a run in 13 1/3 innings this October , and he kept the Blue Jays inside Progressive Field after they teed off against the Texas Rangers in the AL Division Series . Estrada carried a four - hit shutout into the sixth	True
Howard , who turns 37 next month , thanked fans and the organization and saluted teammates in an emotional speech . The 2006 NL MVP choked up a few times and fought back tears when he told the crowd : `` My family has grown with all of you . '' Howard was 0 for 4 , but he received several standing ovations and got a curtain call after popping out in the eighth	True
Howard was 0 for 4 , but he received several standing ovations and got a curtain call after popping out in the eighth . He finished the season with a .196 batting average and hit 25 homers , tying Maikel Franco for the team lead . Howard got a final ovation after Tommy Joseph replaced him to start the ninth	True
Manager Terry Collins gave most of his regulars a day off and ace Noah Syndergaard was pushed back to start the wild-card game . Mets starter Gabriel Ynoa allowed one run and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . Defensive miscues cost New York in the seventh	True
Mets starter Gabriel Ynoa allowed one run and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . Defensive miscues cost New York in the seventh . Andres Blanco started the inning against Erik Goeddel ( 2 - 2 ) with a single , advanced to second	False
Mets starter Gabriel Ynoa allowed one run and five hits in 4 2/3 innings . Defensive miscues cost New York in the seventh . Andres Blanco started the inning against Erik Goeddel ( 2 - 2 ) with a single , advanced to second on a passed ball and scored the tying run on a double error by first baseman Lucas Duda , who booted pinch hitter Cody Asche 's grounder and then threw it wild to first	False
Hernandez ripped a single to right to make it 3 - 2 and Jimmy Paredes followed with a sacrifice fly for a 4 - 2 lead . Franco was 4 for 4 , including an RBI single in the third	True
Colton Murray ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one inning in relief of Jerad Eickhoff to earn his first career win despite allowing a run . Hector Neris finished for his second save . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh when Kevin Plawecki lined a double to right-center . The ball initially froze center fielder Odubel Herrera , who could n't recover in time to track it down . Matt Reynolds hit a double with two outs in the sixth	True
BOSTON -- The Blue Jays almost balked away a pivotal game in their postseason chase . With Toronto leading in the eighth inning thanks to another strong start from 20-game winner J. A. Happ , Roberto Osuna balked in the tying run . But Ezequiel Carrera delivered a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
With the loss , Boston fell one - half game behind Cleveland in the race for home-field advantage when their AL Division Series begins on Thursday . One night after the Blue Jays blew a 3 - 1 lead and gave up the winning homer to the soon-to-be-retired David Ortiz , Happ seemed poised to pick up his 21st win . But with Toronto leading 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
With the loss , Boston fell one - half game behind Cleveland in the race for home-field advantage when their AL Division Series begins on Thursday . One night after the Blue Jays blew a 3 - 1 lead and gave up the winning homer to the soon-to-be-retired David Ortiz , Happ seemed poised to pick up his 21st win . But with Toronto leading 3 - 2 in the eighth , Mookie Betts doubled , took third	False
Osuna got Jackie Bradley Jr. to end the inning . With Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 6 ) pitching in the ninth	True
Osuna got Jackie Bradley Jr. to end the inning . With Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 6 ) pitching in the ninth , Michael Saunders drew a leadoff walk , and then pinch-runner Dalton Pompey took second	False
Osuna got Jackie Bradley Jr. to end the inning . With Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 6 ) pitching in the ninth , Michael Saunders drew a leadoff walk , and then pinch-runner Dalton Pompey took second on a sacrifice bunt , third	False
Kimbrel has losses in two of his last three appearances , issuing six walks while completing two innings . Since Sept. 22 , his ERA has risen from 2.52 to 3.40 . The 21-year-old Osuna ( 4 - 3 ) retired the Red Sox in order in the ninth	True
Turner did just that , hitting the third consecutive homer off Hector Neris to open the inning , and then Adrian Gonzalez 's tie-breaking RBI single capped the four - run rally to lift Los Angeles to a wild 6 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday night . The Dodgers trailed 5 - 2 before Yasiel Puig and Cody Bellinger -- who homered twice -- hit the first two homers of the ninth	True
The Dodgers trailed 5 - 2 before Yasiel Puig and Cody Bellinger -- who homered twice -- hit the first two homers of the ninth , and Turner 's shot gave them three straight for the first time since Aug. 18 , 2012 . With one out , Austin Barnes singled off Neris ( 0 - 1 ) . Joely Rodriguez came in and got Andrew Toles to fly out , but Corey Seager singled , and Gonzalez drilled a ball off third baseman Maikel Franco 's glove that rolled into left field to score Barnes with the winning run from second	False
`` That 's one of the reasons I do n't want to name a closer : because I do n't want to put a guy in that pressure , even though I use him in that situation . '' Toles ' leadoff home run in the first got the lead for Los Angeles , but Brock Stassi connected for a three - run shot in the fourth	True
McCarthy lasted five innings and was charged with four runs and eight hits . Daniel Nava upped Philadelphia 's lead to 4 - 1 with a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
Philadelphia shortstop Freddy Galvis extended his hit streak to 11 games with a sixth-inning single . Bellinger , one of the majors ' top prospects , hit his first career home run off Eflin in the seventh	True
Bellinger , one of the majors ' top prospects , hit his first career home run off Eflin in the seventh . His second homer in the ninth trimmed Philadelphia 's lead to 5 - 4 . Phillies rookie Andrew Knapp also got his first career homer , going deep against Chris Hatcher in the eighth	True
Jose Abreu homered twice in his return to the lineup for Chicago . Detroit has lost four in a row . The White Sox held onto a two - run lead in the 10th	True
Jose Abreu homered twice in his return to the lineup for Chicago . Detroit has lost four in a row . The White Sox held onto a two - run lead in the 10th with David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) making the most of an opportunity to pitch a second inning after losing a two - run advantage in the ninth	True
Wilson ( 1 - 1 ) had n't allowed a hit or a run in his first 11 appearances this season until Cabrera hit his first homer of the season . Abreu , who played for the first time since leaving a game Wednesday with a hip injury , hit solo home runs to give the White Sox two - run leads in the third	True
Abreu , who played for the first time since leaving a game Wednesday with a hip injury , hit solo home runs to give the White Sox two - run leads in the third and eighth innings . He homered for the first time in 32 games , dating to last season . Chicago 's Derek Holland allowed two runs on five hits and two walks in six - plus innings . Anthony Swarzak followed and got Jose Iglesias to hit into an inning-ending double play in the seventh	True
Abreu , who played for the first time since leaving a game Wednesday with a hip injury , hit solo home runs to give the White Sox two - run leads in the third and eighth innings . He homered for the first time in 32 games , dating to last season . Chicago 's Derek Holland allowed two runs on five hits and two walks in six - plus innings . Anthony Swarzak followed and got Jose Iglesias to hit into an inning-ending double play in the seventh , extending his scoreless-inning streak to 12 1/3 innings over nine games . Tommy Kahnle struck out the side in order in the eighth	False
Chicago 's Derek Holland allowed two runs on five hits and two walks in six - plus innings . Anthony Swarzak followed and got Jose Iglesias to hit into an inning-ending double play in the seventh , extending his scoreless-inning streak to 12 1/3 innings over nine games . Tommy Kahnle struck out the side in order in the eighth for a White Sox bullpen that went into the day with 7 1/3 scoreless inning stretch over the previous two games . Robertson , who had saves in his first five opportunities this season , allowed Victor Martinez to lead off the ninth	True
Chicago 's Derek Holland allowed two runs on five hits and two walks in six - plus innings . Anthony Swarzak followed and got Jose Iglesias to hit into an inning-ending double play in the seventh , extending his scoreless-inning streak to 12 1/3 innings over nine games . Tommy Kahnle struck out the side in order in the eighth for a White Sox bullpen that went into the day with 7 1/3 scoreless inning stretch over the previous two games . Robertson , who had saves in his first five opportunities this season , allowed Victor Martinez to lead off the ninth with a solo homer for his first	False
Robertson , who had saves in his first five opportunities this season , allowed Victor Martinez to lead off the ninth with a solo homer for his first of the year . John Hicks followed with a one - out double and pinch hitter Alex Avila tied the game with a single off Robertson , a former teammate at Alabama and with the White Sox last season . With a chance to come back from another two - run deficit to extend the game , Martinez hit a liner to left with a runner on third	False
Morton struck out a career-high 12 , George Springer singled home the tying run in his return from a leg injury and the Astros beat Oakland 9 - 4 to send the Athletics to their fifth straight loss . Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Morton struck out a career-high 12 , George Springer singled home the tying run in his return from a leg injury and the Astros beat Oakland 9 - 4 to send the Athletics to their fifth straight loss . Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the third	True
Despite an early 3 - 0 deficit , the Astros wasted no time clawing their way back into the game , matching Oakland 's three - run first inning . Morton said that ability to persevere and mount comebacks on a regular basis makes Houston special . Springer , back from a strained left hamstring that forced him to miss four games , singled to tie the score in the fourth	True
Springer , back from a strained left hamstring that forced him to miss four games , singled to tie the score in the fourth . Houston took a 6 - 4 lead in the fifth	False
Houston took a 6 - 4 lead in the fifth on Evan Gattis ' RBI single and Alex Bregman 's sacrifice fly . Carlos Beltran had reached on a throwing error by second baseman Jed Lowrie , one of a season-high three errors by the A 's that led to three unearned runs against Jharel Cotton ( 2 - 3 ) . Yuli Gurriel homered against Cesar Valdez for a 7 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
Houston took a 6 - 4 lead in the fifth on Evan Gattis ' RBI single and Alex Bregman 's sacrifice fly . Carlos Beltran had reached on a throwing error by second baseman Jed Lowrie , one of a season-high three errors by the A 's that led to three unearned runs against Jharel Cotton ( 2 - 3 ) . Yuli Gurriel homered against Cesar Valdez for a 7 - 4 lead in the seventh , and Carlos Correa hit a two - run double in the eighth	True
Houston 's Jose Altuve went 0 for 4 with a walk in his first game since the second baseman 's collision in right field Tuesday . Morton ( 2 - 2 ) allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings , overcoming Davis ' 13th multihomer game and second	False
Marwin Gonzalez homered , and Evan Gattis and Alex Bregman each had an RBI single for the Astros , who have the second-best record in the AL . Cody Allen pitched out of a ninth-inning jam for his fifth save and second	False
Cody Allen pitched out of a ninth-inning jam for his fifth save and second of the series . Jose Altuve , held out of the lineup for the second straight game after being injured in an outfield collision Tuesday , had a pinch-single in the ninth	True
Cody Allen pitched out of a ninth-inning jam for his fifth save and second of the series . Jose Altuve , held out of the lineup for the second straight game after being injured in an outfield collision Tuesday , had a pinch-single in the ninth but was thrown out trying to steal second	False
Jose Altuve , held out of the lineup for the second straight game after being injured in an outfield collision Tuesday , had a pinch-single in the ninth but was thrown out trying to steal second . Josh Reddick then singled and took third	False
Josh Reddick then singled and took third on Carlos Beltran 's pinch-single , but Carlos Correa fouled out and Brian McCann struck out . Yan Gomes drew a one - out walk in the seventh	True
Josh Reddick then singled and took third on Carlos Beltran 's pinch-single , but Carlos Correa fouled out and Brian McCann struck out . Yan Gomes drew a one - out walk in the seventh . Devenski , who entered the game in the fifth	True
Yan Gomes drew a one - out walk in the seventh . Devenski , who entered the game in the fifth , struck out Carlos Santana before Lindor sent a 2 - 0 pitch to center for his sixth home run of the season . Kluber , who pitched a three - hit shutout against the White Sox in his last start , held Houston scoreless after the third	True
Kluber , who pitched a three - hit shutout against the White Sox in his last start , held Houston scoreless after the third . The right-hander allowed eight hits and walked four . The teams traded solo home runs in the second	True
The teams traded solo home runs in the second . Gonzalez put Houston ahead with a line drive to dead center before Encarnacion tied it with a drive into the left field bleachers . Encarnacion 's homer was his fourth	False
The teams traded solo home runs in the second . Gonzalez put Houston ahead with a line drive to dead center before Encarnacion tied it with a drive into the left field bleachers . Encarnacion 's homer was his fourth of the season and first	False
Judge celebrated his 25th birthday with a two - run homer and the spectacular catch , and Luis Severino pitched seven innings of three - hit , shutout ball to carry the surging New York Yankees to a 3 - 1 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night in the longtime rivals ' first meeting this season . In the third	True
Judge celebrated his 25th birthday with a two - run homer and the spectacular catch , and Luis Severino pitched seven innings of three - hit , shutout ball to carry the surging New York Yankees to a 3 - 1 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night in the longtime rivals ' first meeting this season . In the third , the right fielder made his running grab of a foul ball that carried him , flipping over head first	False
Reigning AL Cy Young winner Rick Porcello ( 1 - 3 ) lost his third straight start , giving up three runs -- two earned -- in 6 2/3 innings . He did n't lose consecutive starts last season . Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth	True
The Japanese right-hander pitched eight innings in his longest outing since elbow surgery two years ago and the Rangers scored the tying and go-ahead runs without a hit , completing a four - game sweep with a 5 - 2 win over the Kansas City Royals on Sunday . The 30-year-old Darvish retired 15 of 16 batters after giving up three consecutive hits in the third	True
The 30-year-old Darvish retired 15 of 16 batters after giving up three consecutive hits in the third . Two of those were back-to-back solo home runs from Mike Moustakas and Jorge Bonifacio , whose first big league homer came two innings after he singled for his first career hit . Darvish was coming off a 4 - 2 loss to Oakland when he imploded in the sixth	True
Jurickson Profar walked for a 2 - 2 tie , forcing Hammel out of the game . Carlos Gomez then gave Texas the lead with an RBI grounder . Matt Bush pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jurickson Profar walked for a 2 - 2 tie , forcing Hammel out of the game . Carlos Gomez then gave Texas the lead with an RBI grounder . Matt Bush pitched a perfect ninth for his first save this season and the second	False
Matt Bush pitched a perfect ninth for his first save this season and the second of the 31-year-old reliever 's career . Joey Gallo , the first hit batter in the fourth	True
Matt Bush pitched a perfect ninth for his first save this season and the second of the 31-year-old reliever 's career . Joey Gallo , the first hit batter in the fourth , connected in the sixth	True
Matt Bush pitched a perfect ninth for his first save this season and the second of the 31-year-old reliever 's career . Joey Gallo , the first hit batter in the fourth , connected in the sixth for his team-leading sixth homer , an opposite-field drive to left . Robinson Chirinos homered in the eighth	False
Pruitt , a 27-year-old right-hander who allowed 24 of the first 41 major leaguers he faced to reach base , has now faced the minimum 17 over his last two appearances , both wins . Beckham , who tripled and singled in two at-bats against Houston starter Charlie Morton ( 1 - 2 ) , drove in a run with his single in the sixth	True
Evan Longoria , Steven Souza Jr. and Corey Dickerson had two hits each for the Rays , who snapped the Astros ' three - game winning streak . Alex Colome pitched the ninth	True
Alex Colome pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Astros center fielder George Springer , playing in his major league-leading 205th straight game , left in the fifth	True
Houston took an early 2 - 0 lead when Evan Gattis and Jose Altuve hit their first home runs of the season off Rays starter Blake Snell . After Longoria 's two - run double tied it in the fifth	True
Houston took an early 2 - 0 lead when Evan Gattis and Jose Altuve hit their first home runs of the season off Rays starter Blake Snell . After Longoria 's two - run double tied it in the fifth for the Rays , the Astros took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Valdez was traded to Pittsburgh that December to complete the trade that sent pitcher Zach Duke to the Diamondbacks , and his contract was bought by Florida in July 2011 and by Toronto later that month . He was released by Toronto after two days , played several years in Mexico , spent 2016 in Houston 's organization and signed with the A 's during the offseason . Trevor Plouffe hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Reliever Evan Scribner ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss against his former club . Taylor Motter hit a two - run homer for Seattle in the sixth	True
Taylor Motter hit a two - run homer for Seattle in the sixth against Frankie Montas . Adam Rosales had an RBI single and sacrifice fly and Ryon Healy added an RBI single among his three hits as Oakland erased an early 3 - 0 deficit then held on . Davis ' RBI groundout in the sixth	True
Adam Rosales had an RBI single and sacrifice fly and Ryon Healy added an RBI single among his three hits as Oakland erased an early 3 - 0 deficit then held on . Davis ' RBI groundout in the sixth was the go-ahead run . Seattle starter James Paxton 's scoreless innings streak to begin the year ended at 23 when Oakland got on the board in the third	True
Aaron Nola ( 2 - 0 ) labored through five innings , and Hector Neris earned his first save this season . Noah Syndergaard ( 1 - 1 ) struck out 10 in seven innings . Franco lined an RBI double over Cespedes in the third	True
Franco lined an RBI double over Cespedes in the third . That ended a 0 - for - 22 skid for the cleanup hitter , now in his third full big league season . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Franco hit the first pitch from reliever Fernando Salas barely over the wall in left-center . Philadelphia took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
This was the 1,285th game in the majors for Bruce , normally an outfielder . But it was only his fourth time at first base and first since 2014 with Cincinnati -- and his third error at the position . The Mets put him there because of their injuries . Bruce showed his inexperience at the spot even before the first pitch . While throwing grounders to his infielders before the top of the first	True
Bruce showed his inexperience at the spot even before the first pitch . While throwing grounders to his infielders before the top of the first , he twice stopped when he was n't sure who got the next one . Neil Walker hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Souza came within a single of hitting for the cycle , Erasmo Ramirez and two relievers combined on a five - hitter , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat Detroit 8 - 1 Thursday for a three - game sweep of the Tigers . Souza doubled in the first	True
Souza came within a single of hitting for the cycle , Erasmo Ramirez and two relievers combined on a five - hitter , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat Detroit 8 - 1 Thursday for a three - game sweep of the Tigers . Souza doubled in the first , hit a two - run triple in the second	True
Souza came within a single of hitting for the cycle , Erasmo Ramirez and two relievers combined on a five - hitter , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat Detroit 8 - 1 Thursday for a three - game sweep of the Tigers . Souza doubled in the first , hit a two - run triple in the second and added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in five innings with five strikeouts and no walks . In the rotation because Jake Odorizzi strained his left hamstring , Ramirez had not started since April 16 last year . Chase Whitley gave up a hit and two walks in three innings , and Tommy Hunter allowed two hits in the ninth	True
Souza tripled on an opposite-field flare that bounced past Collins near the right-field line , then scored on Kevin Kiermaier 's single for a 4 - 1 lead . Kiermaier homered off Saupold in the seventh	True
Three Orioles pitchers limited the Reds to two hits for the second night in a row . Cincinnati managed only two singles during a 2 - 0 loss on Wednesday night and was held to one run in the last 23 innings of the series . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 1 ) fanned two of the three batters he faced in the ninth	True
Three Orioles pitchers limited the Reds to two hits for the second night in a row . Cincinnati managed only two singles during a 2 - 0 loss on Wednesday night and was held to one run in the last 23 innings of the series . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 1 ) fanned two of the three batters he faced in the ninth . Brad Brach retired the side in the 10th	True
Darren O'Day ( 1 - 1 ) fanned two of the three batters he faced in the ninth . Brad Brach retired the side in the 10th for his second straight save filling in while closer Zach Britton recovers from a sore forearm . Left-hander Wade Miley allowed two hits in eight innings , including Joey Votto 's homer in the fourth	True
Left-hander Wade Miley allowed two hits in eight innings , including Joey Votto 's homer in the fourth . Miley matched his career high by fanning 11 for the third time , taking advantage of the Reds ' aggressive swings . Jonathan Schoop extended his hitting streak to eight games with a solo homer in the second	True
It finally happened on Tuesday night when Pujols hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the fifth inning to give the Angels a 5 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros and snap a six - game skid . The game was tied at 2-all with one out in the fifth	True
Pujols has 54 career home runs against the Astros , the most by any player against Houston . He 's gone 10 for 34 after getting just one hit in his first 20 at-bats this season . But it was Andrelton Simmons who got the Angels on the board first	False
George Springer hit his AL-leading seventh home run for the Astros , whose five - game winning streak was snapped . Angels starter Ricky Nolasco ( 1 - 2 ) yielded eight hits and two runs in six innings to improve to 5 - 0 in six career starts against the Astros . Cam Bedrosian got the last six outs for his third save . Houston had runners at second	False
George Springer hit his AL-leading seventh home run for the Astros , whose five - game winning streak was snapped . Angels starter Ricky Nolasco ( 1 - 2 ) yielded eight hits and two runs in six innings to improve to 5 - 0 in six career starts against the Astros . Cam Bedrosian got the last six outs for his third save . Houston had runners at second and third	False
The homer by Simmons gave Los Angeles a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning . Yuli Gurriel sent the first pitch of Houston 's third	True
Yuli Gurriel sent the first pitch of Houston 's third to the seats in left field , and the Astros took a 2 - 1 lead when Springer connected on his home run with one out in the inning . Martn Maldonado and Yunel Escobar hit consecutive singles in the fifth	True
Martn Maldonado and Yunel Escobar hit consecutive singles in the fifth before scoring on a double by Trout , which sailed just out of reach of a diving Springer to score Maldonado and tie it . Pujols then connected on his homer -- a soaring shot that landed on the train tracks atop left field -- to put Los Angeles up 5 - 2 . Bud Norris pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Just last week , the Mets swept a three - game series in Philadelphia . Odubel Herrera homered early for the Phillies , who took advantage of Reyes ' pivotal error and handed the Mets their fourth straight defeat following a five - game winning streak . Slumping badly at the plate this season , Reyes dropped a two - out popup in the eighth	True
New York 's past five games have been decided in the winning team 's final at-bat , including three losses at Miami last weekend , and Mets relievers are 0 - 4 with a 7.15 ERA during the skid . Michael Saunders led off the 10th	True
New York 's past five games have been decided in the winning team 's final at-bat , including three losses at Miami last weekend , and Mets relievers are 0 - 4 with a 7.15 ERA during the skid . Michael Saunders led off the 10th with an infield single that ricocheted off Rafael Montero 's foot . Tommy Joseph singled to right field , sending Saunders to third	False
Pinch-hitter Aaron Altherr followed Freddy Galvis ' single with a base hit of his own , driving in Joseph for the Phillies ' fourth run and chasing Montero ( 0 - 2 ) . Daniel Nava broke it open against Sean Gilmartin with a two - run single to make it 6 - 2 . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . With two outs in the eighth	True
With two outs in the eighth and Rupp on first base , Galvis hit a fairly routine popup about halfway up the third base line . A drifting Reyes bungled the catch , almost bumping into a stationary d'Arnaud as the ball popped out of his glove . Galvis reached first	False
With two outs in the eighth and Rupp on first base , Galvis hit a fairly routine popup about halfway up the third base line . A drifting Reyes bungled the catch , almost bumping into a stationary d'Arnaud as the ball popped out of his glove . Galvis reached first on the error , with Rupp advancing to third	False
Wheeler allowed one run in his third start since missing the past two seasons while recovering from Tommy John surgery . With two outs in the first	True
Colon ( 1 - 1 ) overpowered the Padres as he showed why he was given a $ 12.5 million , one - year contract in November . Ryan Schimpf 's homer in the second	True
Colon ( 1 - 1 ) overpowered the Padres as he showed why he was given a $ 12.5 million , one - year contract in November . Ryan Schimpf 's homer in the second was the only hit allowed by the 43-year-old Colon . The right-hander allowed only one more baserunner -- a leadoff walk to Schimpf in the fifth	True
Ryan Schimpf 's homer in the second was the only hit allowed by the 43-year-old Colon . The right-hander allowed only one more baserunner -- a leadoff walk to Schimpf in the fifth before Hunter Renfroe hit into a double play . Colon had six strikeouts . The Padres led 1 - 0 until Tyler Flowers ' single drove in Phillips and Adonis Garcia in the fifth	True
The Padres led 1 - 0 until Tyler Flowers ' single drove in Phillips and Adonis Garcia in the fifth . Phillips ' one - out single was the first hit allowed by Trevor Cahill ( 0 - 2 ) . Phillips had a two - run single in the sixth	True
The Padres led 1 - 0 until Tyler Flowers ' single drove in Phillips and Adonis Garcia in the fifth . Phillips ' one - out single was the first hit allowed by Trevor Cahill ( 0 - 2 ) . Phillips had a two - run single in the sixth and a run-scoring single in the eighth	False
The Padres led 1 - 0 until Tyler Flowers ' single drove in Phillips and Adonis Garcia in the fifth . Phillips ' one - out single was the first hit allowed by Trevor Cahill ( 0 - 2 ) . Phillips had a two - run single in the sixth and a run-scoring single in the eighth . Ender Inciarte hit his fourth homer in the seventh	True
Phillips had a two - run single in the sixth and a run-scoring single in the eighth . Ender Inciarte hit his fourth homer in the seventh . A review lasting only 58 seconds reversed the ruling on the field that Atlanta 's Dansby Swanson was safe on his grounder to second base in the sixth	True
A review lasting only 58 seconds reversed the ruling on the field that Atlanta 's Dansby Swanson was safe on his grounder to second base in the sixth . Inciarte and Freddie Freeman , who reached on an intentional walk , scored on Phillips ' two - out single up that middle that knocked Cahill out of the game . Padres left fielder Travis Jankowski may have saved a homer with his catch at the wall of a drive hit by Jace Peterson in the seventh	True
Atlanta won its third straight following a five - game losing streak , including its first two games at SunTrust Park . Dickey ( 1 - 1 ) , who left Toronto to sign an $ 8 million , one - year contract with the Braves , gave up two runs and seven hits in six - plus innings with six strikeouts . He allowed consecutive home runs in the second	True
Dickey was pitching in his third Atlanta ballpark . He got two victories for the U. S. team that won the 1996 Olympic bronze medal at Atlanta Fulton-County Stadium but was 0 - 3 against the Braves at Turner Field in six starts and three relief appearances for Texas , Seattle , the New York Mets and Toronto . Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth for his third save . Dansby Swanson and Nick Markakis had run-scoring singles off Richard that tied the score in the third	True
Dansby Swanson and Nick Markakis had run-scoring singles off Richard that tied the score in the third . Dickey had a fourth-inning single but drew a few boos in the sixth	True
Dickey had a fourth-inning single but drew a few boos in the sixth when he failed to run out a grounder that was bobbled and then recovered by Will Myers at first base . Fans applauded when Dickey was lifted after allowing infield hits to Allen Cordoba and pinch-hitter Christian Bethancourt in the seventh	True
Roberto Osuna ( 1 - 0 ) had allowed Jonathan Schoop 's sacrifice fly in the top half . Toronto , off to the poorest start in franchise history , is just 2 - 9 this season and has scored three runs or fewer eight times . Morales homered on the first pitch of the inning from Wilson ( 1 - 1 ) , who entered with two outs in the eighth	True
Roberto Osuna ( 1 - 0 ) had allowed Jonathan Schoop 's sacrifice fly in the top half . Toronto , off to the poorest start in franchise history , is just 2 - 9 this season and has scored three runs or fewer eight times . Morales homered on the first pitch of the inning from Wilson ( 1 - 1 ) , who entered with two outs in the eighth and retired Jose Bautista on a flyout to strand a runner at second	False
Marco Estrada struck out eight and allowed four hits in seven innings . Toronto went ahead in the seventh	True
Marco Estrada struck out eight and allowed four hits in seven innings . Toronto went ahead in the seventh when Alec Asher hit Jose Bautista with a pitch leading off , Bautista took second	False
Carlos Beltran drove in three runs for Houston , which trailed 5 - 0 after three innings . The Astros , who had one hit through the first three innings , finished with a season-high 16 hits . The Astros got three runs in the seventh	True
The Astros got three runs in the seventh off Dan Altavilla ( 1 - 1 ) for a 6 - 5 lead , with Alex Bregman 's RBI double putting them ahead . Carlos Correa capped the comeback by scoring on a wild pitch . Houston added three more in the eighth	True
Fiers lasted just four innings , allowing five runs and six hits . The Mariners scored twice in the first	True
Fiers lasted just four innings , allowing five runs and six hits . The Mariners scored twice in the first and then made it 3 - 0 when Mike Freeman , called up from Triple-A on Tuesday , opened the second	True
The Mariners scored twice in the first and then made it 3 - 0 when Mike Freeman , called up from Triple-A on Tuesday , opened the second with his first career homer . Seattle extended the lead to 5 - 0 in the third	True
Seattle extended the lead to 5 - 0 in the third on Taylor Motter 's first homer , a two - run shot . Mariners starter Yovani Gallardo walked three in the fourth	True
Mariners starter Yovani Gallardo walked three in the fourth to begin Houston 's rally . Reddick and Altuve opened with consecutive walks and Correa singled to load the bases . Gallardo struck out Beltran and Bregman before walking Brian McCann to force in a run . Yuli Gurriel followed with an RBI single up the middle , but second baseman Robinson Cano made a diving stop on the grass and flipped the ball home , catching Correa off third	False
Jose Peraza , Eugenio Suarez and Tucker Barnhart each had three of the 15 hits for the Reds , who did n't homer for the first time this season . Peraza had a two - run double to cap a four - run fourth	True
It was more than enough support for Gonzalez ( 1 - 0 ) , who allowed two runs -- one earned -- over seven innings and retired his last 11 batters . His first clean inning came after Wieters ' and Werth 's solo shots gave Washington a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
It was more than enough support for Gonzalez ( 1 - 0 ) , who allowed two runs -- one earned -- over seven innings and retired his last 11 batters . His first clean inning came after Wieters ' and Werth 's solo shots gave Washington a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth . His second	True
It was more than enough support for Gonzalez ( 1 - 0 ) , who allowed two runs -- one earned -- over seven innings and retired his last 11 batters . His first clean inning came after Wieters ' and Werth 's solo shots gave Washington a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth . His second after Murphy blasted a two - run shot off Lance Lynn into the upper deck to make it 6 - 2 in the fifth	False
`` Gio 's had a little trouble in the past with the shutdown inning after we score , '' Nationals manager Dusty Baker . `` And he gave up the one and did n't give them any more . And then he shut them down the rest of the way . '' Murphy is batting .472 with five doubles , two homers and an MLB-leading 17 hits in the cleanup spot . This after he finished second	False
Nelson Cruz finally broke through with a two - run single in the fifth inning to give Seattle the lead and Mitch Haniger followed an inning later with a two - out RBI single . Seattle was 8 for 57 through the first seven games and 1 of 8 on Monday with runners in scoring position before Cruz lined Charlie Morton 's pitch into center field . Morton ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits and struck out six . He escaped jams in the third	True
Nelson Cruz finally broke through with a two - run single in the fifth inning to give Seattle the lead and Mitch Haniger followed an inning later with a two - out RBI single . Seattle was 8 for 57 through the first seven games and 1 of 8 on Monday with runners in scoring position before Cruz lined Charlie Morton 's pitch into center field . Morton ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits and struck out six . He escaped jams in the third and fourth innings before Cruz came through for Seattle in the fifth	True
Kyle Schwarber and Ben Zobrist hit home runs and Jake Arrieta threw seven strong innings as the Cubs got double-digit hits for the second straight game and took the weekend series from the Milwaukee Brewers with a 7 - 4 victory Sunday . Chicago scored four runs in the top of the first	True
Chicago scored four runs in the top of the first off Brewers starter Zach Davies ( 0 - 2 ) on a two - run double by Addison Russell and a two - run triple from Jason Heyward . Arrieta ( 2 - 0 ) allowed just three hits with 10 strikeouts over seven innings , the only blemish on his line a three - run home run hit by Ryan Braun in the third	True
The right-hander retired 13 of the 14 batters following Braun 's home run , including a stretch of five consecutive strikeouts . Schwarber connected for a solo homer off Davies in the second	True
Schwarber connected for a solo homer off Davies in the second , but the right-hander did eventually settle in to set down 12 of the next 13 Cubs to get through the fifth inning . Zobrist increased Chicago 's lead to 6 - 3 with a homer off reliever Carlos Torres as part of a two - run seventh	True
Zobrist increased Chicago 's lead to 6 - 3 with a homer off reliever Carlos Torres as part of a two - run seventh . Milwaukee did not get a hit after Braun 's home run in the third inning until Domingo Santana homered off Hector Rondon with two outs in the ninth	True
HOUSTON -- After struggling early this season , Kansas City 's offense finally broke through with one big inning , and it reminded Alex Gordon of another much more important eighth inning the Royals had in Houston two years ago . Cheslor Cuthbert hit a solo homer early and Eric Hosmer and Salvador Perez both went deep during a six - run eighth	True
Cheslor Cuthbert hit a solo homer early and Eric Hosmer and Salvador Perez both went deep during a six - run eighth , helping the Royals rally for a 7 - 3 win over the Houston Astros on Saturday night . The Royals trailed 2 - 1 and managed just two hits off Dallas Keuchel before Luke Gregerson ( 0 - 1 ) took over for the eighth	True
The Royals trailed 2 - 1 and managed just two hits off Dallas Keuchel before Luke Gregerson ( 0 - 1 ) took over for the eighth . Gordon put Kansas City ahead with a two - run double , Lorenzo Cain hit an RBI single and then Hosmer 's first homer this season extended the lead to 6 - 2 . Two pitches later , Perez sent an 88 mph fastball into the seats in left field to chase Gregerson . Some Royals said the inning conjured thoughts of the five - run eighth	True
Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) allowed eight hits and two runs over seven innings for the win , and the Royals took their second straight from Houston after being swept in a three - game series at Minnesota to open the season . The six runs Kansas City scored in the eighth	True
Brian McCann gave Houston a 1 - 0 lead when he sent Duffy 's first pitch of the third inning into the right field stands . The Astros had the bases loaded with one out in the fourth	True
One day after overcoming four - run deficit , the Orioles came back from being down 4 - 1 and improved this season to 4 - 0 . The Orioles trailed 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
One day after overcoming four - run deficit , the Orioles came back from being down 4 - 1 and improved this season to 4 - 0 . The Orioles trailed 4 - 3 in the seventh when Chris Davis doubled with one out . Trumbo followed with an RBI single , and the majors ' defending home run champ promptly stole second	False
It was the 23rd career stolen base for Trumbo in 553 games . It was also the second steal of the day for power-laden Baltimore , which had only 19 all last year . Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez left in the fifth	True
Baltimore is assured of a 10th straight series win against New York at Camden Yards , a streak that began after the 2013 season . Mychal Givens ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Kevin Gausman gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings for Baltimore . The right-hander was 3 - 1 with a 1.10 ERA against New York last season , working at least six innings in each of his six starts . After a two - run single by Ronald Torreyes put New York up 2 - 0 in the second inning , the Yankees upped their lead to 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
After consecutive doubles by Nomar Mazara and Mike Napoli to start a 25-pitch ninth inning , Allen struck out Rougned Odor , pinch-hitter Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo . In the opener , Allen struck out the side around a triple by Elvis Andrus . Carlos Santana started the game with his sixth career leadoff homer , and then followed Austin Jackson 's two - out RBI single with one of his own in the second	True
That was it for the Indians against Perez , who allowed five hits and walked four in six innings . Michael Brantley added two - out RBI single for the Indians in the seventh	True
Michael Brantley added two - out RBI single for the Indians in the seventh , when Texas used three relievers . Texas closed to 3 - 2 in the second	True
Sale ( 6 - 2 ) got a warm reception from the crowd and a rude welcome from his old team . The five - time All-Star gave up six runs and 10 hits -- both season highs -- over five innings in his first appearance against the White Sox . Marrero drove in five runs and doubled his career home run total . After hitting two homers in his first 59 major league games , he went back-to-back with Betts in a four - run second inning and chased Jose Quintana ( 2 - 7 ) with a three - run drive in the third	True
Marrero drove in five runs and doubled his career home run total . After hitting two homers in his first 59 major league games , he went back-to-back with Betts in a four - run second inning and chased Jose Quintana ( 2 - 7 ) with a three - run drive in the third that made it 7 - 3 . Bradley bumped the lead to 10 - 6 in the fifth	True
Bradley bumped the lead to 10 - 6 in the fifth with a three - run drive off Dan Jennings , after Chicago had cut it to one . Bogaerts added a solo homer in the eighth	False
Bogaerts added a solo homer in the eighth and finished with four of Boston 's 16 hits . Moreland knocked a two - run homer off Juan Minaya in the ninth	True
Bauer 's career-best strikeout total was one shy of this season 's major league-high of 15 by Washington 's Stephen Strasburg against San Diego on Saturday . Bauer ( 5 - 4 ) recorded his eighth career game of 10 or more strikeouts . He struck out the side in the first	True
Bauer 's career-best strikeout total was one shy of this season 's major league-high of 15 by Washington 's Stephen Strasburg against San Diego on Saturday . Bauer ( 5 - 4 ) recorded his eighth career game of 10 or more strikeouts . He struck out the side in the first , fifth	True
Bauer 's career-best strikeout total was one shy of this season 's major league-high of 15 by Washington 's Stephen Strasburg against San Diego on Saturday . Bauer ( 5 - 4 ) recorded his eighth career game of 10 or more strikeouts . He struck out the side in the first , fifth , sixth	True
Four Cleveland pitchers combined to strike out 19 , tying a franchise record for a nine - inning game . Rookie Bradley Zimmer had a career-high four RBI for the Indians , hitting a two - run double in the fourth	True
Four Cleveland pitchers combined to strike out 19 , tying a franchise record for a nine - inning game . Rookie Bradley Zimmer had a career-high four RBI for the Indians , hitting a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Four Cleveland pitchers combined to strike out 19 , tying a franchise record for a nine - inning game . Rookie Bradley Zimmer had a career-high four RBI for the Indians , hitting a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the eighth . Michael Brantley had an RBI single and threw a runner out at the plate in the fourth	True
Rookie Bradley Zimmer had a career-high four RBI for the Indians , hitting a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the eighth . Michael Brantley had an RBI single and threw a runner out at the plate in the fourth . Cleveland ( 27 - 23 ) also got a leadoff drive in the fifth	False
Cleveland ( 27 - 23 ) also got a leadoff drive in the fifth from Jason Kipnis . It has homered in 15 consecutive games . Sonny Gray ( 2 - 2 ) allowed seven runs in 4 2/3 innings for Oakland ( 22 - 29 ) , which dropped a season-high seven games below .500 . The right-hander breezed through three innings before the Indians scored seven times in the fourth	True
Cleveland ( 27 - 23 ) also got a leadoff drive in the fifth from Jason Kipnis . It has homered in 15 consecutive games . Sonny Gray ( 2 - 2 ) allowed seven runs in 4 2/3 innings for Oakland ( 22 - 29 ) , which dropped a season-high seven games below .500 . The right-hander breezed through three innings before the Indians scored seven times in the fourth and fifth	True
Matt Joyce drove in two runs and Ryon Healy also had an RBI single for Oakland . Francisco Lindor drew a leadoff walk in the Cleveland fourth	True
Zimmer then lined a double to right to put Cleveland ahead . Zimmer , the Indians ' No . 1 pick in the 2014 draft , was called up from Triple-A Columbus on May 16 . Joyce had an RBI single in the first	True
Zimmer then lined a double to right to put Cleveland ahead . Zimmer , the Indians ' No . 1 pick in the 2014 draft , was called up from Triple-A Columbus on May 16 . Joyce had an RBI single in the first . Oakland scored twice in the fourth	True
Utley finished a homer shy of the cycle and was hit by a pitch as the Dodgers won their season-high sixth straight game . Forsythe reached five times , including three walks , and Taylor reached three times . Adrian Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly and Utley 's RBI double started the Dodgers comeback in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly and Utley 's RBI double started the Dodgers comeback in the third . Enrique Hernandez tied it at 3 with a single , and Paul DeJong 's throwing error on the same play scored Utley to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead . The Dodgers scored three more times behind one hit in the fifth	True
Brandon Morrow ( 1 - 0 ) led a parade of six Dodgers relievers . The Dodgers bullpen gave up one run in five innings , the third consecutive game Los Angeles relievers had to get more than nine outs . The Cardinals , who 've lost 10 out of their last 13 games , capitalized on a fortunate call and a couple of Dodgers errors to take a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Beltran homered and singled during an 11-run burst in the eighth inning and Houston overwhelmed the Twins 16 - 8 Monday in a matchup of AL division leaders . The Astros won their fifth	False
The Astros won their fifth in a row , improving the best record in the majors . The Astros combined eight hits , two walks , a hit batter and a balk in the eighth	True
Michael Pineda ( 6 - 2 ) tossed six innings of three - hit ball to win his third straight start and match last season 's win total . Aaron Hicks and Chris Carter each had an early sacrifice fly as the AL East leaders scored five unearned runs and took two of three in a well-pitched series . Judge connected with two outs in the third	True
The fielding failures put starter Andrew Triggs ( 5 - 4 ) in several tough situations . He went six innings and gave up one earned run -- but even that could have been prevented if not for a poor throw by the weak-armed Davis in left . Gary Sanchez added an RBI double in the seventh	True
The fielding failures put starter Andrew Triggs ( 5 - 4 ) in several tough situations . He went six innings and gave up one earned run -- but even that could have been prevented if not for a poor throw by the weak-armed Davis in left . Gary Sanchez added an RBI double in the seventh that squirmed out of the glove of a diving Davis . Gardner drove in two insurance runs with a pop-fly double in the eighth	True
Triggs has given up only four home runs in 58 innings this year -- but two of them are grand slams . Hicks stole second	False
Triggs has given up only four home runs in 58 innings this year -- but two of them are grand slams . Hicks stole second in the fourth	True
Triggs has given up only four home runs in 58 innings this year -- but two of them are grand slams . Hicks stole second in the fourth and advanced to third	False
And while Triggs ' defense was betraying him , New York 's fielders gave Pineda a big boost when he needed it . With nobody out in the second	True
Kivlehan had two homers in 65 career at-bats entering the game . He connected off Zach Eflin in the fourth	True
Kivlehan had two homers in 65 career at-bats entering the game . He connected off Zach Eflin in the fourth , and then went deep against Jeanmar Gomez in the ninth	True
Eflin ( 0 - 3 ) was roughed up again and was optioned to Triple-A Lehigh Valley after the game . He allowed seven runs and nine hits , including four homers , in five innings . Duvall hit a two - run shot to deep left-center in the third	True
Duvall hit a two - run shot to deep left-center in the third to tie it at 4 . After Kivlehan 's homer in the fourth gave the Reds a 5 - 4 lead , Duvall drove another one out to left-center to make it 7 - 4 . Knapp 's drive to straightaway center gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead in the second	True
Knapp 's drive to straightaway center gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead in the second and Eflin added an RBI single . Duvall had an RBI single in the first	True
Knapp 's drive to straightaway center gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead in the second and Eflin added an RBI single . Duvall had an RBI single in the first and Schebler hit one out in the second	True
His eight wins this season lead the majors and he 's just one win away from matching his total from last year , when he struggled in the follow-up to his stellar 2015 season during which he won 20 games and the American League Cy Young Award . Will Harris struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Will Harris struck out two in a perfect ninth for his second save . Houston led by 1 in the fourth	True
Miley tied season highs by allowing eight hits and four runs in five innings to remain winless since April 14 . Springer put Houston up 1 - 0 in the first	True
The Orioles got going in the third inning when Caleb Joseph walked with two outs . Joey Rickard singled before Joseph scored on a single by Castillo to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Alex Bregman singled with one out in the fourth	True
Their big bats saved the game in the late innings of a wild , 4 - 2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Jake Lamb hit an RBI double in Arizona 's two - run 10th	True
Their big bats saved the game in the late innings of a wild , 4 - 2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Jake Lamb hit an RBI double in Arizona 's two - run 10th after Chris Iannetta tied the game with two outs in the ninth	True
Their big bats saved the game in the late innings of a wild , 4 - 2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Jake Lamb hit an RBI double in Arizona 's two - run 10th after Chris Iannetta tied the game with two outs in the ninth with a solo homer to help the Diamondbacks get their fifth straight win and 10th	False
Improving to 31 - 19 , the Diamondbacks tied the 2002 team for the second-best record in franchise history through 50 games . The 2000 Diamondbacks hold the mark at 32 - 18 . Arizona starter Zack Godley and Brewers counterpart Junior Guerra settled into a fast-paced pitcher 's duel going into the sixth	True
Arizona starter Zack Godley and Brewers counterpart Junior Guerra settled into a fast-paced pitcher 's duel going into the sixth before each offense started chipping away at the bullpens . Chris Owings scored the first run in the 10th	True
Chris Owings scored the first run in the 10th on a wild pitch by reliever Wily Peralta ( 5 - 3 ) before Lamb added the insurance run by doubling to the right-field corner in handing the Brewers their fifth straight loss . Iannetta had tied it at 2 in the ninth	True
Chris Owings scored the first run in the 10th on a wild pitch by reliever Wily Peralta ( 5 - 3 ) before Lamb added the insurance run by doubling to the right-field corner in handing the Brewers their fifth straight loss . Iannetta had tied it at 2 in the ninth , hitting his solo homer off a 98 mph fastball from Brewers closer Corey Knebel . Hernan Perez 's RBI single in the bottom of the eighth	False
Iannetta had tied it at 2 in the ninth , hitting his solo homer off a 98 mph fastball from Brewers closer Corey Knebel . Hernan Perez 's RBI single in the bottom of the eighth that had given the Brewers a one - run lead . T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 0 ) got the win after pitching a scoreless ninth	True
Iannetta had tied it at 2 in the ninth , hitting his solo homer off a 98 mph fastball from Brewers closer Corey Knebel . Hernan Perez 's RBI single in the bottom of the eighth that had given the Brewers a one - run lead . T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 0 ) got the win after pitching a scoreless ninth . Fernando Rodney picked up his 13th save by tossing a scoreless 10th	True
T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 0 ) got the win after pitching a scoreless ninth . Fernando Rodney picked up his 13th save by tossing a scoreless 10th , but provided a couple nervous moments after allowing two flyouts to the warning track . Lamb also hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 0 ) got the win after pitching a scoreless ninth . Fernando Rodney picked up his 13th save by tossing a scoreless 10th , but provided a couple nervous moments after allowing two flyouts to the warning track . Lamb also hit a solo shot in the fourth , his team-high 14th	False
Walker homered twice to the seats in right field , Jacob deGrom came within two outs of his second career complete game and the Mets had little trouble with the Pirates in an 8 - 1 victory on Friday night . Walker hit a two - run shot off Chad Kuhl ( 1 - 5 ) in the third	True
Walker homered twice to the seats in right field , Jacob deGrom came within two outs of his second career complete game and the Mets had little trouble with the Pirates in an 8 - 1 victory on Friday night . Walker hit a two - run shot off Chad Kuhl ( 1 - 5 ) in the third and added a solo blast to right-center in the fifth	True
BOSTON -- Chris Sale was perfectly happy to sit back and watch the Red Sox hitters do the work this time . Sale cruised into the fifth inning , then was rewarded in the seventh	True
Forsythe doubled in a run in the 13th inning to lift the Dodgers over the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night after a stellar duel between starters Clayton Kershaw and Lance Lynn . Forsythe returned from a DL stint with a broken toe and did n't put a ball in play over the first nine innings . He walked in the 11th	True
Forsythe doubled in a run in the 13th inning to lift the Dodgers over the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 on Tuesday night after a stellar duel between starters Clayton Kershaw and Lance Lynn . Forsythe returned from a DL stint with a broken toe and did n't put a ball in play over the first nine innings . He walked in the 11th , then delivered the winning hit in the 13th	True
Kershaw and Lynn struck out 10 batters and allowed a run each , with Kershaw going nine innings and Lynn pitching eight . The Cardinals got just three hits against Kershaw , and the Dodgers had two off Lynn , including Yasmani Grandal 's homer in the first inning . Kershaw missed out on what would have been his majors-leading eighth victory when Randal Grichuk scored from second	False
Kershaw missed out on what would have been his majors-leading eighth victory when Randal Grichuk scored from second on a wild pitch in the ninth inning . Catcher Grandal failed to block the ball in the dirt and then could n't track down the misfire , eventually finding the ball near the Dodger dugout as Grichuk sprinted home . Josh Fields ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 13th	True
Puig monetarily remained on his feet , raising his glove to show he had caught the ball before grabbing his chest and dropping to the track . Both players stayed down for a few moments , and Pederson appeared to have blood on his forehead when he finally stood . Pederson , who the Dodgers said suffered a neck sprain , was lifted for pinch-hitter Chris Taylor in the bottom of the inning , then replaced in center by Hernandez in the 11th	True
Pederson narrowly avoided a scary collision in the seventh inning , when he and left fielder Cody Bellinger bumped each other while chasing a ball in the left-center gap . Grandal homered to center , his fifth	False
The Brewers broke through against Biagini on Orlando Arcia 's run-scoring single . Jonathan Villar drove in a pair with a single later in the inning . Biagini departed after walking Eric Thames but reliever Danny Barnes ( 1 - 2 ) struck out Ryan Braun and Travis Shaw to end the threat . Six of the first eight Blue Jays batters reached based against Milwaukee starter Jimmy Nelson ( 2 - 3 ) . Toronto pushed across two runs in the second	True
Schebler connected off Josh Tomlin ( 2 - 6 ) for his third homer in a span of seven at-bats . It 's the first time he 's homered in three consecutive games . It was the only glaring mistake by Tomlin , who gave up nine hits in 6 1/3 innings . Adam Duvall and Arismendy Alcantara had RBI singles against Tomlin . Zack Cozart 's two - run single in the seventh	True
Yan Gomes homered and tied a career high with five RBI to lead the Indians over the Astros 8 - 6 on Sunday . Gomes ' third-inning homer off Joe Musgrove ( 3 - 4 ) gave the Indians a 3 - 1 lead , and Cleveland added three more runs in the fourth	True
Manager Terry Francona is still looking for more from Salazar . Marwin Gonzalez hit a two run homer off Zach McAllister on the 13th pitch of an at-bat with two outs and the ninth	True
Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer and Carlos Beltran had a solo shot for the Astros , whose tied their season high with their third straight loss . Gomes ' RBI double and Jason Kipnis ' run-scoring single built a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer and Carlos Beltran had a solo shot for the Astros , whose tied their season high with their third straight loss . Gomes ' RBI double and Jason Kipnis ' run-scoring single built a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Beltran hit his fourth home in the bottom half , but Musgrove walked consecutive batters with two outs in the third	True
Gomes ' RBI double and Jason Kipnis ' run-scoring single built a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Beltran hit his fourth home in the bottom half , but Musgrove walked consecutive batters with two outs in the third , then allowed Gomes ' third homer . Consecutive singles by Kipnis and Francisco Lindor chased Musgrove in the fourth	True
Boston , which has n't been swept in a four - game series since July 2015 , trailed 3 - 2 before scoring 10 runs over the final five innings . Pinder went deep in the fourth	True
Nova got 14 of 22 outs on ground balls and went to a three - ball count on just two of the 30 batters he faced . It was his first start at PNC Park since April 23 . Francisco Cervelli and Adam Frazier hit two - run singles during a four - run sixth inning that extended the Pirates ' lead to 6 - 1 . Freese 's leadoff home run , his fourth	False
Vince Velasquez ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings with six strikeouts and two walks . The Phillies cut the lead to 6 - 3 on an RBI single by Cameron Rupp in the seventh inning and Aaron Altherr 's run-scoring double in the eighth	True
Vince Velasquez ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings with six strikeouts and two walks . The Phillies cut the lead to 6 - 3 on an RBI single by Cameron Rupp in the seventh inning and Aaron Altherr 's run-scoring double in the eighth that chased Nova . Juan Nicasio got the last two outs in the eighth	False
Vince Velasquez ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings with six strikeouts and two walks . The Phillies cut the lead to 6 - 3 on an RBI single by Cameron Rupp in the seventh inning and Aaron Altherr 's run-scoring double in the eighth that chased Nova . Juan Nicasio got the last two outs in the eighth and Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Cesar Hernandez , Freddy Galvis and Velasquez each had two hits for the Phillies and Altherr had two RBI . Altherr drove in the game 's first run with a first-inning groundout and Andrew McCutchen tied it with an RBI single in the third	True
New York gave up three runs in a nervous ninth inning before substitute closer Addison Reed struck out pinch-hitter Danny Espinosa on a full-count fastball with the bases loaded for his sixth save . Collins massaged an unreliable bullpen through four innings after starter Zack Wheeler ( 3 - 2 ) unraveled in the sixth	True
The oldest skipper in the majors , seven days shy of his 68th birthday , also became the longest-tenured manager in team history , passing Davey Johnson ( 1984 - 90 ) by reaching 1,013 games with the Mets . Conforto scored three times , all after Reyes reached base right behind him . Neil Walker had two RBI , and Reyes added a two - run single in a three - run eighth	True
Garcia homered in his first two at-bats and had a career-high six RBI , and the White Sox battered Seattle 's depleted pitching staff in a 16 - 1 win over the Mariners on Saturday night . The White Sox knocked around Seattle starter Yovani Gallardo ( 2 - 4 ) and no one provided more shots than Garcia . He hit a three - run homer in the first inning , added a solo shot in the third	True
Garcia homered in his first two at-bats and had a career-high six RBI , and the White Sox battered Seattle 's depleted pitching staff in a 16 - 1 win over the Mariners on Saturday night . The White Sox knocked around Seattle starter Yovani Gallardo ( 2 - 4 ) and no one provided more shots than Garcia . He hit a three - run homer in the first inning , added a solo shot in the third and greeted reliever Dillon Overton with a two - run double in the fourth	True
Garcia homered in his first two at-bats and had a career-high six RBI , and the White Sox battered Seattle 's depleted pitching staff in a 16 - 1 win over the Mariners on Saturday night . The White Sox knocked around Seattle starter Yovani Gallardo ( 2 - 4 ) and no one provided more shots than Garcia . He hit a three - run homer in the first inning , added a solo shot in the third and greeted reliever Dillon Overton with a two - run double in the fourth . Garcia was on a tear entering the game , hitting .361 in his previous nine games and finished with 4 for 5 , adding another double in the seventh	True
The White Sox won their second straight after dropping the first four of their road trip . Five of their previous seven games had been decided by two runs or less , but the 16-run outburst was the most by the White Sox since since April 20 , 2014 , at Texas when they also scored 16 . Garcia was n't alone in pounding Seattle 's pitching staff . Matt Davidson hit a two - run homer , Willy Garcia hit the first home run of his career into the second deck in left field . Every batter in Chicago 's lineup had at least one hit . Melky Cabrera and Todd Frazier both added two - run singles as the White Sox did their damage in bunches , scoring four in the first inning , five in the fourth	True
The White Sox won their second straight after dropping the first four of their road trip . Five of their previous seven games had been decided by two runs or less , but the 16-run outburst was the most by the White Sox since since April 20 , 2014 , at Texas when they also scored 16 . Garcia was n't alone in pounding Seattle 's pitching staff . Matt Davidson hit a two - run homer , Willy Garcia hit the first home run of his career into the second deck in left field . Every batter in Chicago 's lineup had at least one hit . Melky Cabrera and Todd Frazier both added two - run singles as the White Sox did their damage in bunches , scoring four in the first inning , five in the fourth and five in the seventh	True
Melky Cabrera doubled in the go-ahead run with two outs in the top of the 10th inning to lift Chicago to a 2 - 1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night . Quintana became just the second pitcher in the majors to pitch at least eight innings , allow just one hit and end up with a no-decision . It 's his 61st no-decision since 2012 , the most of any pitcher in that span , and second	False
Robertson pitched the final two innings , retiring all six batters he faced . It was his longest outing since pitching two innings against the Mets on June 1 , 2016 . Mariners reliever Tony Zych ( 2 - 1 ) hit Kevan Smith with a pitch to lead off the 10th	True
Robertson pitched the final two innings , retiring all six batters he faced . It was his longest outing since pitching two innings against the Mets on June 1 , 2016 . Mariners reliever Tony Zych ( 2 - 1 ) hit Kevan Smith with a pitch to lead off the 10th . Smith was replaced by pinch-runner Leury Garcia , who advanced to third	False
Starlin Castro had three hits and drove in a run . Brett Gardner and Didi Gregorius each had two hits and two RBI . In fact , the only Yankees without a hit by the fifth inning were Matt Holliday and Aaron Judge , and all Judge had done was draw a pair of walks and score both times . Holliday and Judge promptly got their base hits in the sixth	True
Holliday and Judge promptly got their base hits in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer and Whit Merrifield also went deep for Kansas City , which scored three times in the ninth	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Eventually , Johnny Cueto and Yasmani Grandal spoke civilly and worked out their differences as grown men : They each apologized before tension escalated . Cueto thought Grandal was stealing signs at second base from San Francisco catcher Buster Posey after a first-inning double . Grandal figured Cueto was throwing at his head in the third	True
Cueto thought Grandal was stealing signs at second base from San Francisco catcher Buster Posey after a first-inning double . Grandal figured Cueto was throwing at his head in the third out of frustration and retaliation . The benches cleared briefly after the top of the third	True
The benches cleared briefly after the top of the third when Cueto and Grandal exchanged words . It happened just after Cueto 's high , inside pitch flew wildly past Posey , allowing another Dodgers run home for a 3 - 0 lead . Los Angeles manager Dave Roberts said Cueto apparently also thought Corey Seager was relaying signs in the third	True
Los Angeles manager Dave Roberts said Cueto apparently also thought Corey Seager was relaying signs in the third with Grandal batting again , just before the wild pitch . Grandal said there 's no way he knew what was coming on his two - run double in the first	True
Grandal said there 's no way he knew what was coming on his two - run double in the first and lone hit , even though he hit a low 0 - 2 cut fastball well below his knees . Cueto and Grandal made their apologies when Cueto came to bat in the bottom of the third	True
Kershaw took a share of the major league lead with his seventh win and earned career victory No . 20 against the rival Giants . Kershaw ( 7 - 2 ) struck out five in seven shutout innings and retired his first 10 batters before Justin Ruggiano 's fourth-inning single . Kershaw moved into a tie with Houston 's Dallas Keuchel for most wins this season . Yasiel Puig singled in a pair of runs in the sixth	True
Kershaw 's 20th victory against the Giants came in his 39th outing and 38th start of the rivalry . He is 12 - 4 with a 1.29 ERA at AT & T Park . He has allowed one or fewer walks in all but one of his starts . Eduardo Nunez hit his first home run of the season in the ninth	True
Eduardo Nunez hit his first home run of the season in the ninth against former Giants reliever Sergio Romo before he finished the 2-hour , 37-minute game . Cueto , who beat Kershaw and the Dodgers on May 1 , allowed more than three earned runs for the first time in five starts and just the third	False
Yet Cole tried to stay upbeat , stressing that if he kept doing his job eventually the lineup would , too . Eventually turned into Wednesday night , when Cole shut down the best offense in the majors and the Pirates broke out late in a 6 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals . Cole ( 2 - 4 ) allowed one run on three hits , walked two and struck out three in seven efficient innings to win for the first time in a month . Josh Bell hit a three - run homer off Jacob Turner ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth	True
Washington came in leading the majors in runs , batting average and doubles but could n't get it going against Cole and two relievers . The Nationals ' three hits were a season low . Bryce Harper and Ryan Zimmerman , who began the day with the top two batting averages in the majors , combined to go 0 for 8 . Washington managed just one hit -- a bloop single by Jose Lobaton in the third -- and three baserunners through the first six innings as Cole kept them off balance . He struck out three and walked two , his lone hiccup coming on Brian Goodwin 's RBI double in the seventh	True
Washington managed just one hit -- a bloop single by Jose Lobaton in the third -- and three baserunners through the first six innings as Cole kept them off balance . He struck out three and walked two , his lone hiccup coming on Brian Goodwin 's RBI double in the seventh . Turner pitched into the sixth inning in the majors for just the second time since 2014 , and Pittsburgh finally got going . John Jaso walked leading off the sixth	True
Turner gave up three runs on four hits with four walks and a strikeout in 5 1/3 innings . The Pirates added on in the seventh	True
Turner gave up three runs on four hits with four walks and a strikeout in 5 1/3 innings . The Pirates added on in the seventh , with McCutchen 's drive to the wall in right scoring two and giving the five - time All-Star a bit of redemption a night after being pulled as part of a double switch in the eighth	True
SEATTLE -- With the Athletics on the verge of a fifth straight loss during an ugly road trip , Matt Joyce and Mark Canha made sure Oakland finished its ninth-inning rally this time . Joyce hit a two - run homer and Canha added a three - run shot in a five - run ninth	True
A day after a one - run loss to Seattle ended with Oakland leaving the bases loaded , the A 's clubbed their way from behind in the final inning after squandering a 4 - 1 lead . Oakland led 4 - 1 going to the bottom of the seventh	True
Ryan Madson ( 1 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up Seager 's homer . Seattle 's rally started an inning earlier when third baseman Ryon Healy 's error on a potential inning-ending double play allowed two runs to score . Seattle loaded the bases with one out and Carlos Ruiz chopped a slow grounder to third	False
Seattle 's rally started an inning earlier when third baseman Ryon Healy 's error on a potential inning-ending double play allowed two runs to score . Seattle loaded the bases with one out and Carlos Ruiz chopped a slow grounder to third . Healy shuffled to his left , but the grounder slid past his glove , between his legs and into left field to score a pair . Jean Segura followed with a grounder to shortstop , and Oakland appeared to turn a double play that time . But after a replay review , Segura was ruled safe at first	False
Nelson Cruz and Kyle Seager each hit a two - run homer , and Zych bailed out struggling closer Edwin Diaz with a game-ending strikeout with the bases loaded to preserve Seattle 's 6 - 5 victory over the Oakland Athletics as the Mariners made the most of four hits on Monday . Oakland scored twice in the ninth	True
Diaz , who had 18 saves last season as a rookie after moving into the closer 's role on Aug. 1 , gave up the game-winning home run Sunday in a 3 - 2 loss at Toronto , where the Mariners were swept four straight . Cruz 's home run , his ninth	False
Diaz , who had 18 saves last season as a rookie after moving into the closer 's role on Aug. 1 , gave up the game-winning home run Sunday in a 3 - 2 loss at Toronto , where the Mariners were swept four straight . Cruz 's home run , his ninth , put Seattle up 4 - 0 in the second	True
Cruz 's home run , his ninth , put Seattle up 4 - 0 in the second as the Mariners capitalized on five walks by Sean Manaea ( 1 - 3 ) , activated off the disabled list earlier in the day . Oakland pulled to 4 - 3 on a solo homer by Davis in the fourth	True
Cruz 's home run , his ninth , put Seattle up 4 - 0 in the second as the Mariners capitalized on five walks by Sean Manaea ( 1 - 3 ) , activated off the disabled list earlier in the day . Oakland pulled to 4 - 3 on a solo homer by Davis in the fourth and a two - run shot by Stephen Vogt in the fifth	True
Oakland pulled to 4 - 3 on a solo homer by Davis in the fourth and a two - run shot by Stephen Vogt in the fifth . Both came off starter Yovanni Gallardo ( 2 - 3 ) , who allowed three runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings . Seager made it 6 - 3 in the eighth	False
Danny Espinosa hit a tiebreaking homer off Verlander , helping the Angels to just their fourth win in 12 games . Andrelton Simmons added an RBI single to chase Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) in the seventh	True
Ian Kinsler doubled and scored on Nicholas Castellanos ' single to put the Tigers up early , but they did n't score again . Bud Norris pitched the ninth	True
The Giants jumped in front on Belt 's long drive in the first inning . Belt 's second homer of the series and No . 6 on the year sailed into the San Francisco Bay for his sixth career `` splash hit . '' Ruggiano connected in the second	True
The Giants jumped in front on Belt 's long drive in the first inning . Belt 's second homer of the series and No . 6 on the year sailed into the San Francisco Bay for his sixth career `` splash hit . '' Ruggiano connected in the second for his first homer with the Giants . Schebler went deep in the sixth	True
Steve Pearce hit a three - run home run , Justin Smoak had a solo homer and finished with four RBI , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Mariners 7 - 2 on Thursday night , snapping Seattle 's win streak at four games . After giving up two runs in the first	True
After giving up two runs in the first , Estrada ( 2 - 2 ) held Seattle scoreless for the next five innings , helping Toronto win for the fourth time in five games . Smoak went 3 for 3 with a walk against his former team . He had an RBI single in the first	True
After giving up two runs in the first , Estrada ( 2 - 2 ) held Seattle scoreless for the next five innings , helping Toronto win for the fourth time in five games . Smoak went 3 for 3 with a walk against his former team . He had an RBI single in the first , walked in the fourth	True
After giving up two runs in the first , Estrada ( 2 - 2 ) held Seattle scoreless for the next five innings , helping Toronto win for the fourth time in five games . Smoak went 3 for 3 with a walk against his former team . He had an RBI single in the first , walked in the fourth , singled home two runs in the fifth	True
After giving up two runs in the first , Estrada ( 2 - 2 ) held Seattle scoreless for the next five innings , helping Toronto win for the fourth time in five games . Smoak went 3 for 3 with a walk against his former team . He had an RBI single in the first , walked in the fourth , singled home two runs in the fifth , and connected off rookie Sam Gaviglio in the seventh	True
Smoak went 3 for 3 with a walk against his former team . He had an RBI single in the first , walked in the fourth , singled home two runs in the fifth , and connected off rookie Sam Gaviglio in the seventh . Mariners slugger Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer but Seattle 's offense came up empty after the first	True
Mariners slugger Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer but Seattle 's offense came up empty after the first . After scoring 21 runs in their previous two games , the Mariners jumped on Estrada in the opening frame . Jean Segura led off with a double and Cruz drilled a one - out homer into the center field party deck , his eighth	False
Smoak halved the deficit with an RBI single off Chase De Jong in the bottom half . Toronto took the lead by scoring five times in a two - out rally in the fifth	True
Washington , which owns the best record in the National League , lost 6 - 4 on Monday night in Baltimore and blew a late lead Tuesday in 5 - 4 , 12-inning defeat at Camden Yards . Those two victories gave the Orioles the best record in the majors , a distinction that vanished with a 7 - 6 loss on Wednesday night in which the host Nationals rallied with a three - run ninth	True
The victory was Toronto 's seventh come-from-behind win of the year . Carrera hit a one - out single in the ninth	True
Allen walked just one batter in 10 April outings but has walked six in four May appearances . Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth . Jason Kipnis and Brandon Guyer each had three RBI for the Indians , who led 7 - 3 in the third	True
Bautista homered in the bottom half against Danny Salazar , who has allowed 11 earned runs in the first inning over seven starts . Cleveland 's first seven batters reached in the third	True
Pearce hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom half and Goins chased Salazar with an RBI single . Salazar matched a season-worst by allowing five runs in 2 2/3 innings . Carrera tied the score 7-all in the fourth	True
Houston led 4 - 0 after Correa launched a three - run shot with no outs . Beltran followed his third homer this season . Josh Reddick also homered for Houston , connecting on his 100th career home run with a solo shot in the fifth	True
Beltran gave Houston back-to-back homers for the first time this season when he hit the 424th of his career to the second deck in right field . Colon settled after that , retiring the next 10 batters before Brian McCann reached on an error by shortstop Dansby Swanson with one out in the fourth	True
A run-scoring single by Nick Markakis got Atlanta within 6 - 2 before a two - out walk by Tyler Flowers loaded the bases . Morton walked Swanson to score Kemp , and Hinch replaced Morton with Chris Devenski , who struck out Danny Santana to escape the jam . Alex Bregman stretched his hitting streak to 10 games with an RBI triple in a two - run sixth	True
CINCINNATI -- Scott Feldman used every bit of his diplomatic and lobbying skills to earn a chance for those last three outs . The right-hander talked his way into pitching one more inning despite a high pitch count . He made quick work of the San Francisco Giants in the ninth	True
When he reached the dugout after the eighth inning , Feldman ( 2 - 3 ) went to work on manager Bryan Price and asked for one more inning even though he 'd already thrown more than 100 pitches . Feldman retired the side in order in the ninth	True
The Giants have struggled in all aspects while dropping four of their last five games . Shortstop Christian Arroyo booted Billy Hamilton 's grounder to open the Reds ' first -- San Francisco 's eighth error in seven games . Hamilton scored on Eugenio Suarez 's single . Scooter Gennett added an RBI single in the inning . Schebler hit his ninth homer , and Cozart 's second	False
The Giants have struggled in all aspects while dropping four of their last five games . Shortstop Christian Arroyo booted Billy Hamilton 's grounder to open the Reds ' first -- San Francisco 's eighth error in seven games . Hamilton scored on Eugenio Suarez 's single . Scooter Gennett added an RBI single in the inning . Schebler hit his ninth homer , and Cozart 's second of the season made it 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
The teams combined for a major league-record 48 strikeouts in baseball 's longest game of the season by innings , wrapping up in a tidy 6 hours , 5 minutes , and ending after 1 a.m . Hicks struck out four times , but he came up with a huge play in the final inning . He led off with a bunt single against Pedro Strop ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
Hicks struck out four times , but he came up with a huge play in the final inning . He led off with a bunt single against Pedro Strop ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to second when catcher Willson Contreras threw the ball into right field for an error . With one out and Hicks on third	False
With one out and Hicks on third , Castro hit a bouncer up the middle . Shortstop Addison Russell tried to throw home , but it was wide and Hicks scored easily . Chasen Shreve ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three scoreless innings , striking out pinch-hitting pitcher Kyle Hendricks with runners on first	False
With one out and Hicks on third , Castro hit a bouncer up the middle . Shortstop Addison Russell tried to throw home , but it was wide and Hicks scored easily . Chasen Shreve ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three scoreless innings , striking out pinch-hitting pitcher Kyle Hendricks with runners on first and second	False
Chasen Shreve ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three scoreless innings , striking out pinch-hitting pitcher Kyle Hendricks with runners on first and second for the final out in New York 's fifth straight win . The Yankees ( 20 - 9 ) improved to 19 - 5 since they opened the season with four losses in five games . They also matched their high-water mark from last season at 11 games over . 500 . Chicago trailed 4 - 1 before it rallied in the ninth	True
Rizzo got an X-ray on his arm and it came back negative . Tyler Clippard then came in and got Ben Zobrist to bounce to second	False
Tyler Clippard then came in and got Ben Zobrist to bounce to second for the final out . It was Chapman 's first blown save since Game 7 at Cleveland . Before Hicks scampered home with the winning run , the biggest highlight of extra innings belonged to Cubs slugger Kyle Schwarber . The left fielder went into the stands in foul territory for an outstanding catch on Chase Headley 's foul popup in the 12th	True
Before Hicks scampered home with the winning run , the biggest highlight of extra innings belonged to Cubs slugger Kyle Schwarber . The left fielder went into the stands in foul territory for an outstanding catch on Chase Headley 's foul popup in the 12th . What was left of the crowd also sung along when the Cubs showed a tape of Harry Caray singing `` Take Me Out To The Ball Game '' for the second seventh-inning stretch in the 14th	True
Aledmys Diaz went 3 for 4 and drove in two runs to help the Cardinals improve to 12 - 5 since beginning the season 3 - 9 . Leake ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits , three runs , two walks and struck out two in seven innings . He held the Braves to just one hit before Matt Kemp doubled in the seventh	True
Leake ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits , three runs , two walks and struck out two in seven innings . He held the Braves to just one hit before Matt Kemp doubled in the seventh and scored on Adonis Garcia 's three - run homer . Leake , whose 1.79 ERA ranks second	False
Leake ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits , three runs , two walks and struck out two in seven innings . He held the Braves to just one hit before Matt Kemp doubled in the seventh and scored on Adonis Garcia 's three - run homer . Leake , whose 1.79 ERA ranks second in the NL , gave up a single to Nick Markakis in the second	True
Leake ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits , three runs , two walks and struck out two in seven innings . He held the Braves to just one hit before Matt Kemp doubled in the seventh and scored on Adonis Garcia 's three - run homer . Leake , whose 1.79 ERA ranks second in the NL , gave up a single to Nick Markakis in the second and retired the next 12 batters before pinch-hitter Lane Adams reached on third baseman Greg Garcia 's throwing error in the sixth	True
Leake , whose 1.79 ERA ranks second in the NL , gave up a single to Nick Markakis in the second and retired the next 12 batters before pinch-hitter Lane Adams reached on third baseman Greg Garcia 's throwing error in the sixth . The Cardinals led 1 - 0 in the first	True
Leake , whose 1.79 ERA ranks second in the NL , gave up a single to Nick Markakis in the second and retired the next 12 batters before pinch-hitter Lane Adams reached on third baseman Greg Garcia 's throwing error in the sixth . The Cardinals led 1 - 0 in the first on Diaz 's RBI single , 3 - 0 in the third	False
Leake , whose 1.79 ERA ranks second in the NL , gave up a single to Nick Markakis in the second and retired the next 12 batters before pinch-hitter Lane Adams reached on third baseman Greg Garcia 's throwing error in the sixth . The Cardinals led 1 - 0 in the first on Diaz 's RBI single , 3 - 0 in the third on Carpenter 's sixth homer , 4 - 0 in the fourth	False
Leake , whose 1.79 ERA ranks second in the NL , gave up a single to Nick Markakis in the second and retired the next 12 batters before pinch-hitter Lane Adams reached on third baseman Greg Garcia 's throwing error in the sixth . The Cardinals led 1 - 0 in the first on Diaz 's RBI single , 3 - 0 in the third on Carpenter 's sixth homer , 4 - 0 in the fourth on Adams ' first homer , and 5 - 0 in the seventh	False
Atlanta has lost five of six . Trevor Rosenthal , the second St. Louis pitcher , got Freddie Freeman to fly out and end the eighth	True
Atlanta has lost five of six . Trevor Rosenthal , the second St. Louis pitcher , got Freddie Freeman to fly out and end the eighth with a runner on . Cardinals closer Seung Hwan Oh earned his seventh save in eighth opportunities , retiring Kemp , Markakis and Adonis Garcia in the ninth	True
Robbie Grossman 's homer off Porcello in the third accounted for Minnesota 's only run . Boston took advantage of a costly Twins error and scored eight two - out runs in the second	True
Nick Tepesch ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs -- six unearned -- in his first major league appearance since last June , and his second since the 2014 season . After Young 's solo shot in the second	True
Making his Baltimore debut , Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) gave up six hits , walked none and struck out five . Purchased in February from the New York Mets , Ynoa pitched in the minors this season before joining the Orioles on Thursday . Brad Brach , the last of four Baltimore relievers , gave up a run in the ninth	True
Making his first start in Baltimore since leaving the Orioles in April 2016 , Miguel Gonzalez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings . The right-hander is 0 - 2 in two career starts against his former team . Gonzalez plunked Jonathan Schoop with the bases loaded in the first inning and gave up a solo shot to Davis in the third	True
Gonzalez plunked Jonathan Schoop with the bases loaded in the first inning and gave up a solo shot to Davis in the third . Garcia drove in a run with a groundout in the eighth	True
The game lasted five hours and was tied from the fourth inning on despite plenty of scoring opportunities for the Mariners . Odor finally broke the tie , hitting his sixth homer of the season into the right field seats off reliever Emilio Pagan ( 0 - 1 ) . Sam Dyson , Tony Barnette , Matt Bush ( 2 - 0 ) and Alex Claudio combined to shut out Seattle after starter Yu Darvish allowed one run in seven innings . Seattle 's only run came on Robinson Cano 's home run leading off the fourth	True
Sam Dyson , Tony Barnette , Matt Bush ( 2 - 0 ) and Alex Claudio combined to shut out Seattle after starter Yu Darvish allowed one run in seven innings . Seattle 's only run came on Robinson Cano 's home run leading off the fourth . The Mariners were 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position . Seattle missed a chance to win in the 10th	True
Sam Dyson , Tony Barnette , Matt Bush ( 2 - 0 ) and Alex Claudio combined to shut out Seattle after starter Yu Darvish allowed one run in seven innings . Seattle 's only run came on Robinson Cano 's home run leading off the fourth . The Mariners were 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position . Seattle missed a chance to win in the 10th after Jean Segura led off with a double . Ben Gamel failed to get down a sacrifice bunt and struck out on three pitches , and Cano was intentionally walked . The inability to get the bunt down loomed after Nelson Cruz flew out to center for the second	True
Sam Dyson , Tony Barnette , Matt Bush ( 2 - 0 ) and Alex Claudio combined to shut out Seattle after starter Yu Darvish allowed one run in seven innings . Seattle 's only run came on Robinson Cano 's home run leading off the fourth . The Mariners were 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position . Seattle missed a chance to win in the 10th after Jean Segura led off with a double . Ben Gamel failed to get down a sacrifice bunt and struck out on three pitches , and Cano was intentionally walked . The inability to get the bunt down loomed after Nelson Cruz flew out to center for the second out that likely would have been deep enough to score Segura . Kyle Seager grounded out to first	False
Seattle missed a chance to win in the 10th after Jean Segura led off with a double . Ben Gamel failed to get down a sacrifice bunt and struck out on three pitches , and Cano was intentionally walked . The inability to get the bunt down loomed after Nelson Cruz flew out to center for the second out that likely would have been deep enough to score Segura . Kyle Seager grounded out to first to end the threat . Seattle lost two pitchers to injury in the span of two batters in the 11th	True
`` I'm a tall guy and lanky , so it 's got to be perfect on time every time . Obviously , we 'll continue that . That was the first time . '' Rookie Scott Alexander , Joakim Soria and Kelvin Herrera combined for one - hit relief . Alexander induced three straight groundouts in the seventh	True
`` I'm a tall guy and lanky , so it 's got to be perfect on time every time . Obviously , we 'll continue that . That was the first time . '' Rookie Scott Alexander , Joakim Soria and Kelvin Herrera combined for one - hit relief . Alexander induced three straight groundouts in the seventh , Soria struck out Brandon Guyer , Roberto Perez and Carlos Santana in the eighth	True
`` I'm a tall guy and lanky , so it 's got to be perfect on time every time . Obviously , we 'll continue that . That was the first time . '' Rookie Scott Alexander , Joakim Soria and Kelvin Herrera combined for one - hit relief . Alexander induced three straight groundouts in the seventh , Soria struck out Brandon Guyer , Roberto Perez and Carlos Santana in the eighth , and Herrera allowed Edwin Encarnacion 's two - out double in the ninth	True
Encarnacion homered in the fourth -- he has four home runs in 21 at-bats against Hammel . Hosmer , who had three hits , homered in the fifth	False
Hosmer finished a triple shy of a cycle . Alcides Escobar added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Rene Rivera drove in three runs , while Michael Conforto and even pitcher Jacob deGrom had two RBI apiece . Reyes had a run-scoring single in the third	True
Rene Rivera drove in three runs , while Michael Conforto and even pitcher Jacob deGrom had two RBI apiece . Reyes had a run-scoring single in the third , a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Rene Rivera drove in three runs , while Michael Conforto and even pitcher Jacob deGrom had two RBI apiece . Reyes had a run-scoring single in the third , a sacrifice fly in the fifth and finished off the Braves with a three - run double in the eighth	False
The Mets jumped all over former teammate Bartolo Colon ( 1 - 3 ) , who spent the last three seasons in New York . The 43-year-old lasted just four innings , giving up five runs , seven hits and two walks . Colon was much more effective in his first start of the season against the Mets -- a six - inning stint on April 5 at New York in which he allowed only two hits and a run . This time , he fell behind 5 - 0 by the third	True
Colon 's sinker is especially worrisome . The Braves closed the deficit to 5 - 3 before the Mets scored four runs in the fifth	True
The right-hander did his best to keep Atlanta in the game , giving up two runs in the bottom half . But the New York bullpen shut down the Braves the rest of the way , and the Mets turned it into a laugher by equaling a season high for hits , including nine doubles -- one off the franchise record . Eric O'Flaherty and Matt Wisler were pounded for seven runs in the eighth	True
Aaron Altherr homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of their last five . Lester singled in the fourth	True
Before the game , Maddon discussed Schwarber 's struggles and said he had no intentions of pulling him out of the leadoff spot . Baez took advantage of a hanging breaking ball from Hellickson leading off the third	True
Before the game , Maddon discussed Schwarber 's struggles and said he had no intentions of pulling him out of the leadoff spot . Baez took advantage of a hanging breaking ball from Hellickson leading off the third for his third	False
Baez took advantage of a hanging breaking ball from Hellickson leading off the third for his third of the season . In the fifth inning , Baez hit a two - run triple off Phillies reliever Mark Leiter Jr . In the first	True
Baez took advantage of a hanging breaking ball from Hellickson leading off the third for his third of the season . In the fifth inning , Baez hit a two - run triple off Phillies reliever Mark Leiter Jr . In the first , Altherr hit his third	False
Baez took advantage of a hanging breaking ball from Hellickson leading off the third for his third of the season . In the fifth inning , Baez hit a two - run triple off Phillies reliever Mark Leiter Jr . In the first , Altherr hit his third of the season into the left-center basket . Bryant smashed his fifth	False
In the first , Altherr hit his third of the season into the left-center basket . Bryant smashed his fifth of the season into the left-field bleachers in the Cubs ' half of the inning . Lester , who is usually reluctant to make a pickoff throw in a game , caught Altherr trying to steal second	False
In the first , Altherr hit his third of the season into the left-center basket . Bryant smashed his fifth of the season into the left-field bleachers in the Cubs ' half of the inning . Lester , who is usually reluctant to make a pickoff throw in a game , caught Altherr trying to steal second in the third	True
In the first , Altherr hit his third of the season into the left-center basket . Bryant smashed his fifth of the season into the left-field bleachers in the Cubs ' half of the inning . Lester , who is usually reluctant to make a pickoff throw in a game , caught Altherr trying to steal second in the third with a soft toss to second	False
Lester , who is usually reluctant to make a pickoff throw in a game , caught Altherr trying to steal second in the third with a soft toss to second to get the Phillies outfielder . Tommy Joseph hit an RBI double in the fourth	True
Lester , who is usually reluctant to make a pickoff throw in a game , caught Altherr trying to steal second in the third with a soft toss to second to get the Phillies outfielder . Tommy Joseph hit an RBI double in the fourth to score Michael Saunders from first	False
The Cubs bullpen was perfect , retiring the final 12 batters Cubs reliever Carl Edwards Jr. pitched two perfect innings of relief with two strikeouts , Hector Rondon tossed the eighth	True
The Cubs bullpen was perfect , retiring the final 12 batters Cubs reliever Carl Edwards Jr. pitched two perfect innings of relief with two strikeouts , Hector Rondon tossed the eighth and Wade Davis the ninth	False
Shaw and Jonathan Villar each hit a tape-measure home run , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7 - 5 in 10 innings Monday night . Shaw 's three - run shot off Seung Hwan Oh ( 0 - 2 ) traveled an estimated 451 feet and broke a 4-all tie with two outs in the top of the 10th	True
Shaw 's three - run shot off Seung Hwan Oh ( 0 - 2 ) traveled an estimated 451 feet and broke a 4-all tie with two outs in the top of the 10th . Villar 's two - run drive in the third soared 450 feet to right-center and gave the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . Shaw was hit in the hand by a pitch Saturday against Atlanta . At first	False
Shaw was hit in the hand by a pitch Saturday against Atlanta . At first , the pain made it difficult to grip a bat . Jedd Gyorko hit two late homers for the Cardinals and finished with four hits . Aledmys Diaz and Matt Carpenter connected back-to-back in the fifth	True
Jedd Gyorko hit two late homers for the Cardinals and finished with four hits . Aledmys Diaz and Matt Carpenter connected back-to-back in the fifth . Oliver Drake ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Oliver Drake ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth and Neftali Feliz earned his seventh save . Milwaukee starter Zach Davies allowed at least one runner in every inning . He gave up two runs and seven hits in five innings , stranding six . The Brewers turned two of their four double plays behind him , and center fielder Keon Broxton made a diving catch in the third	True
Milwaukee starter Zach Davies allowed at least one runner in every inning . He gave up two runs and seven hits in five innings , stranding six . The Brewers turned two of their four double plays behind him , and center fielder Keon Broxton made a diving catch in the third . Domingo Santana led off the fourth	True
Domingo Santana led off the fourth with a double and scored his fifth run in two games on Manny Pina 's single to make it 3 - 0 . Eric Thames doubled home Villar in the fifth	True
Eric Thames doubled home Villar in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Thames has reached safely in 23 of 24 games this season . Diaz and Carpenter homered in the fifth	True
Diaz and Carpenter homered in the fifth to cut the Brewers ' lead to 4 - 2 . It was the first set of back-to-back home runs for the Cardinals this season . Gyorko led off the eighth	True
Diaz and Carpenter homered in the fifth to cut the Brewers ' lead to 4 - 2 . It was the first set of back-to-back home runs for the Cardinals this season . Gyorko led off the eighth and 10th	True
The Reds won for only the sixth time in their last 29 games against the NL Central rival . Feldman ( 7 - 5 ) did n't allow a hit until Ian Happ singled with two outs in the sixth inning . Addison Russell singled in the seventh	True
Michael Lorenzen and Wandy Peralta each pitched an inning , completing the combined three - hitter . Duvall connected for his third homer in four games off left-hander Mike Montgomery ( 1 - 5 ) in the fourth inning , hitting a high changeup . The Reds also scored on Jose Peraza 's squeeze bunt for a single in the sixth	True
Michael Lorenzen and Wandy Peralta each pitched an inning , completing the combined three - hitter . Duvall connected for his third homer in four games off left-hander Mike Montgomery ( 1 - 5 ) in the fourth inning , hitting a high changeup . The Reds also scored on Jose Peraza 's squeeze bunt for a single in the sixth , and again on catcher Victor Caratini 's throwing error in the eighth	True
After missing almost the first two months of the season with an elbow strain , Farrell said Price 's last two starts have been the best out of the seven he 's made since coming off the disabled list . After allowing a double on the second pitch he threw , Price got nine straight outs . After Minnesota added to its 1 - 0 lead with two runs in the fourth	True
Boston 's offense rallied from a slow start . Mookie Betts and Hanley Ramirez hit solo home runs , Tzu-Wei Lin singled and tripled for his first big league multi-hit game and Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and an RBI . Betts started the comeback with a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
Boston 's offense rallied from a slow start . Mookie Betts and Hanley Ramirez hit solo home runs , Tzu-Wei Lin singled and tripled for his first big league multi-hit game and Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and an RBI . Betts started the comeback with a leadoff homer in the fourth , his 13th	False
Boston 's offense rallied from a slow start . Mookie Betts and Hanley Ramirez hit solo home runs , Tzu-Wei Lin singled and tripled for his first big league multi-hit game and Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and an RBI . Betts started the comeback with a leadoff homer in the fourth , his 13th of the season , and added an RBI single during Boston 's three - run fifth	True
Betts started the comeback with a leadoff homer in the fourth , his 13th of the season , and added an RBI single during Boston 's three - run fifth . Craig Kimbrel pitched a one - hit ninth	True
Gibson ( 4 - 6 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Minnesota built its lead on Joe Mauer 's RBI grounder in the first	True
Gibson ( 4 - 6 ) allowed five runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Minnesota built its lead on Joe Mauer 's RBI grounder in the first and Jorge Polanco 's two - run double in the fourth	True
Minnesota built its lead on Joe Mauer 's RBI grounder in the first and Jorge Polanco 's two - run double in the fourth . But once Price got going , the Twins ' offense seemed to fizzle . Gibson started to fade in the fifth	True
Gibson started to fade in the fifth , when some timely hitting and odd bounces helped Boston gain the lead . After Betts pulled Boston within 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
Gibson started to fade in the fifth , when some timely hitting and odd bounces helped Boston gain the lead . After Betts pulled Boston within 3 - 1 in the fourth , Bradley 's RBI double in the fifth made it 3 - 2 with a little help from the Green Monster in left field . Robbie Grossman got in position to field a carom off the Green Monster , but the ball hit the ladder above the scoreboard and dropped straight down , allowing Ramirez to score from first	False
Christian Vazquez followed with a grounder to short that hit the wrist of Polanco 's glove hand and bounced away for an error . Deven Marrero hit a tying RBI grounder with one out on a dribbler to third	False
And then after the game , he got soaked . A 29-year-old who starred for South Korea 's Lotte Giants , Hwang was brought up from Triple-A Sacramento before the game and inserted into the starting lineup at third base , batting fifth	False
A 29-year-old who starred for South Korea 's Lotte Giants , Hwang was brought up from Triple-A Sacramento before the game and inserted into the starting lineup at third base , batting fifth . He grounded out in the second inning , hit a run-scoring grounder in the fourth	True
He grounded out in the second inning , hit a run-scoring grounder in the fourth that cut Colorado 's lead to 2 - 1 , then broke a 3 - 3 tie when he homered against Kyle Freeland ( 8 - 6 ) . Hwang was given a standing ovation from fans as he rounded the bases and was mobbed by teammates when he got back to the dugout . He took a called third strike in the eighth	True
Freeland gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . Nolan Arenado 's two - run single put Colorado ahead in the first	True
Freeland gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings . Nolan Arenado 's two - run single put Colorado ahead in the first , but San Francisco took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Nolan Arenado 's two - run single put Colorado ahead in the first , but San Francisco took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Hwang 's grounder and Nick Hundley 's two - run homer . A day after he was called up from Triple-A Albuquerque , Mike Tauchman singled in the tying run in the sixth	True
A day after he was called up from Triple-A Albuquerque , Mike Tauchman singled in the tying run in the sixth , his first big league hit and RBI . With the bases loaded in the eighth	True
A day after he was called up from Triple-A Albuquerque , Mike Tauchman singled in the tying run in the sixth , his first big league hit and RBI . With the bases loaded in the eighth , Brandon Belt hit a one - out , bases-loaded grounder that shortstop Trevor Story stopped with a dive . Story threw to second	False
A day after he was called up from Triple-A Albuquerque , Mike Tauchman singled in the tying run in the sixth , his first big league hit and RBI . With the bases loaded in the eighth , Brandon Belt hit a one - out , bases-loaded grounder that shortstop Trevor Story stopped with a dive . Story threw to second for a forceout , and second baseman Pat Valaika 's throw sailed over first	False
A day after he was called up from Triple-A Albuquerque , Mike Tauchman singled in the tying run in the sixth , his first big league hit and RBI . With the bases loaded in the eighth , Brandon Belt hit a one - out , bases-loaded grounder that shortstop Trevor Story stopped with a dive . Story threw to second for a forceout , and second baseman Pat Valaika 's throw sailed over first as Gorkys Hernandez scored . The Rockies argued that Austin Slater 's slide interfered with Valaika 's throw , but umpires upheld the clean slide after a video review , and Belt went to second	False
Matz spent the first two months of the season on the DL because of left elbow inflammation but has gone seven innings three times in June . Cabrera hit his seventh homer in the first inning , and Granderson connected for his 12th	False
Matz spent the first two months of the season on the DL because of left elbow inflammation but has gone seven innings three times in June . Cabrera hit his seventh homer in the first inning , and Granderson connected for his 12th in the seventh -- and his eighth	False
The left-hander retired 12 in a row after his rocky start but fell to 0 - 3 with a 6.20 ERA in five career starts against the Mets . Granderson led off the game with a walk , Cabrera followed with his homer , and Reyes added a two - out RBI single in the first	True
Granderson led off the game with a walk , Cabrera followed with his homer , and Reyes added a two - out RBI single in the first . Granderson homered off Justin Nicolino , making his first relief appearance of the year after being dropped from the rotation . Brandon Nimmo pinch-hit for Matz in the eighth	True
Granderson homered off Justin Nicolino , making his first relief appearance of the year after being dropped from the rotation . Brandon Nimmo pinch-hit for Matz in the eighth and delivered a two - run single for his first RBI of the year . The shutout was the third	False
Beltre has been limited to 24 games because of a right calf injury , but has 13 RBI in his last nine games , including a three - run homer Monday . Keone Kela ( 4 - 1 ) stranded a runner in the eighth	True
Beltre has been limited to 24 games because of a right calf injury , but has 13 RBI in his last nine games , including a three - run homer Monday . Keone Kela ( 4 - 1 ) stranded a runner in the eighth . Matt Bush allowed Michael Brantley 's one - out single in the ninth	True
Allen also gave up a go-ahead home run to Minnesota 's Brian Dozier in the eighth inning Saturday in another non-save situation . Robinson Chirinos hit a solo home run in the Texas fifth	True
MIAMI -- Robert Gsellman limped into the dugout , took off his batting helmet and slammed it into a trash can , showing where this season seems headed for the injury-riddled New York Mets . Gsellman left the game with a strained left hamstring after he tried unsuccessfully to beat out a grounder , and the bullpen gave up three runs in the seventh	True
The 43-year-old Suzuki is batting only .219 but leads the majors with 12 pinch-hits . Christian Yelich added a two - run single in the seventh	True
The 43-year-old Suzuki is batting only .219 but leads the majors with 12 pinch-hits . Christian Yelich added a two - run single in the seventh , his third hit . Dan Straily allowed two runs in five innings , and A. J. Ramos pitched around a leadoff single in the ninth	False
The Marlins ( 35 - 40 ) have scored 18 runs in their past six games and won four of them , a reflection of good work by the bullpen . Neil Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) faced two batters in the seventh	True
Neil Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) faced two batters in the seventh , and both scored . Curtis Granderson led off the game with his 11th homer of the year and his seventh	False
Curtis Granderson led off the game with his 11th homer of the year and his seventh this month . It was his 45th leadoff homer , most among active players . Teammate Travis d'Arnaud tied the game in the seventh	True
Chants of `` Sweep ! Sweep ! '' were easily heard outside the Padres ' closed clubhouse after the game . With the Padres trailing 3 - 2 , Shane Greene ( 1 - 2 ) walked leadoff man Erick Aybar to start the eighth	True
Cory Spangenberg added a two - run single and Austin Hedges drove in another run on a squeeze bunt -- both against Alex Wilson -- in the Padres ' five - run eighth inning . Greene was charged with four runs and two hits with two walks in just one - third	True
Detroit 's losing streak is its longest since also dropping eight in a row from May 28 to June 5 in 2015 . Yates ( 2 - 1 ) threw a scoreless eighth	True
Detroit 's losing streak is its longest since also dropping eight in a row from May 28 to June 5 in 2015 . Yates ( 2 - 1 ) threw a scoreless eighth to earn the win for the Padres , who fell behind 3 - 2 in the seventh	True
Detroit 's losing streak is its longest since also dropping eight in a row from May 28 to June 5 in 2015 . Yates ( 2 - 1 ) threw a scoreless eighth to earn the win for the Padres , who fell behind 3 - 2 in the seventh on Andrew Romine 's RBI single off reliever Phil Maton . Romine drove in Justin Upton , whose leadoff double ended the night for rookie starter Dinelson Lamet . He pitched into the seventh	True
Godley 's day started with Charlie Blackmon reaching down to send an 84 mph curveball into the Arizona bullpen , but he shut down the Rockies from there and retired 13 straight in one stretch . Blackmon drew a walk in the third	True
Godley 's day started with Charlie Blackmon reaching down to send an 84 mph curveball into the Arizona bullpen , but he shut down the Rockies from there and retired 13 straight in one stretch . Blackmon drew a walk in the third , then Godley erased him with a double-play ball to end the inning . He did n't allow a hit after Nolan Arenado 's one - out single in the first	True
Godley 's day started with Charlie Blackmon reaching down to send an 84 mph curveball into the Arizona bullpen , but he shut down the Rockies from there and retired 13 straight in one stretch . Blackmon drew a walk in the third , then Godley erased him with a double-play ball to end the inning . He did n't allow a hit after Nolan Arenado 's one - out single in the first and retired 19 of the next 20 batters before Raimel Tapia and Pat Valaika singled and doubled to lead off the eighth	True
Blackmon drew a walk in the third , then Godley erased him with a double-play ball to end the inning . He did n't allow a hit after Nolan Arenado 's one - out single in the first and retired 19 of the next 20 batters before Raimel Tapia and Pat Valaika singled and doubled to lead off the eighth . Godley ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs on four hits and struck out eight in seven - plus innings . He also helped himself with an RBI single in the eighth	False
Godley ( 3 - 1 ) allowed three runs on four hits and struck out eight in seven - plus innings . He also helped himself with an RBI single in the eighth . The Diamondbacks hit a Colorado rookie pitcher hard for the second straight night . Wednesday they scored 10 runs in the fourth	True
Senzatela started well this season but he has struggled of late . His ERA was 2.81 heading into May but is now at 4.79 after Thursday . He is 2 - 1 with an 8.86 ERA in four starts in June . Owings ' homer in the third	True
Senzatela started well this season but he has struggled of late . His ERA was 2.81 heading into May but is now at 4.79 after Thursday . He is 2 - 1 with an 8.86 ERA in four starts in June . Owings ' homer in the third , his ninth	False
Senzatela started well this season but he has struggled of late . His ERA was 2.81 heading into May but is now at 4.79 after Thursday . He is 2 - 1 with an 8.86 ERA in four starts in June . Owings ' homer in the third , his ninth , made it 5 - 1 , and Goldschmidt hit his 18th to cap a four - run fourth	True
He has n't been missing anything at the top of Joe Maddon 's batting order . Rizzo 's home run on the second pitch from Jhoulys Chacin ( 6 - 6 ) was the third leading off in seven games since Rizzo was moved to first	False
MLB Chief Operating Officer Joe Torre told Rizzo on Tuesday that he violated Rule 7.13 , which protects catchers from such collisions , but that he would receive no discipline . He was called out on the play . Rizzo 's home run was his 17th of the season . Rookie Ian Happ added his ninth	False
The left-hander started the season in the bullpen , but his last three appearances have been as a starter . Carl Edwards Jr. and Pedro Strop both allowed two baserunners apiece but pitched out of jams while each throwing an inning , and Justin Grimm had a perfect ninth	True
The Padres had five hits but left eight runners stranded . Addison Russell hit an RBI single in the fourth inning to make it 2 - 0 . Pinch-hitter Albert Almora Jr. added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Kershaw was charged with six runs on six hits and a walk in 6 1/3 innings . His ERA jumped from an NL-best 2.23 to 2.61 . Los Angeles ' first five batters got hits , including Bellinger 's three - run homer . Bellinger followed Turner 's home run in the second	True
Phillips punched a ninth-inning single through a stacked infield to drive in Johan Camargo from third base and give Atlanta a 5 - 4 win over the Miami Marlins on Sunday . Phillips also delivered the decisive run-scoring single in the 10th	True
Phillips also delivered the decisive run-scoring single in the 10th that gave Atlanta an 8 - 7 victory over Miami on Saturday . Camargo hit a one - out infield single off Drew Steckenrider ( 0 - 1 ) and moved to third	False
Phillips , who is from the Atlanta suburbs , was traded to the Braves from Cincinnati for two minor league pitchers in February . He is hitting .306 . Jim Johnson ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Marlins manager Don Mattingly said he called on Steckenrider , who was recalled from Triple-A New Orleans on June 10 , because more experienced relievers needed a day off . The Braves took a 4 - 2 lead with four runs in the seventh	True
The Braves took a 4 - 2 lead with four runs in the seventh . Nick Markakis slapped a tiebreaking , two - run single down the third-base line . The Marlins pulled even on Ozuna 's two - run homer off Jose Ramirez in the eighth	True
The Marlins pulled even on Ozuna 's two - run homer off Jose Ramirez in the eighth . Miami right-hander Jose Urena allowed two hits through six scoreless innings before he was pulled after giving up singles to Kurt Suzuki and Dansby Swanson to open the seventh	True
Austin Jackson hit a solo shot in the nightcap against Twins starter Adalberto Mejia ( 1 - 3 ) in the fourth inning , before Chisenhall homered to put the Indians in front . Following a 75-minute rain delay , Chisenhall crushed a three - run drive against Tyler Duffey for a 5 - 1 lead in the fifth inning and his 10th home run of the season in just 118 at-bats . Francisco Lindor went deep in the eighth	True
Chisenhall connected for a three - run , pinch-hit homer in the fifth inning and had five RBIs as Cleveland salvaged the finale of a three - game series by beating Los Angeles 12 - 5 and stopping the Dodgers ' six - game winning streak . After the Dodgers closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth	True
After the Dodgers closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth , Chisenhall hit a 415-foot drive on the second pitch from Ross Stripling to open a four - run lead for Josh Tomlin ( 4 - 8 ) , who struggled after being staked to a 5 - 0 lead . Chisenhall added a two - run single in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion homered off Rich Hill ( 3 - 3 ) , reached base five times and scored four runs as Cleveland moved back over .500 with just its second win in 11 interleague games . Rookie Cody Bellinger homered again for the Dodgers . He touched up Tomlin for a line-drive homer in the fourth	True
Rookie Cody Bellinger homered again for the Dodgers . He touched up Tomlin for a line-drive homer in the fourth , his 18th home run in 47 games . Only New York Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez hit more through 47 games , slugging 19 . Tomlin got help from Cleveland 's offense and did just enough to cool off the Dodgers , who were in a five - run hole after two innings but closed within a run in the fifth	True
Tomlin got help from Cleveland 's offense and did just enough to cool off the Dodgers , who were in a five - run hole after two innings but closed within a run in the fifth on Yasiel Puig 's RBI double and Chris Taylor 's two - run homer . Hill , who was facing the Indians for the first time since leaving as a free after the 2013 season , walked Encarnacion opening the fifth	True
Hill , who was facing the Indians for the first time since leaving as a free after the 2013 season , walked Encarnacion opening the fifth and was pulled for Stripling after Carlos Santana singled . Chisenhall took one pitch before sending his eighth homer , and second	False
Chisenhall took one pitch before sending his eighth homer , and second as a pinch-hitter , into the seats in right to make it 8 - 4 . The Indians added three runs with two outs in the sixth	True
Ian Desmond hit his fourth home run of the season and rookie German Marquez pitched effectively into the sixth inning as the surprising Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 1 on Wednesday night to snap a three - game losing streak . Marquez ( 5 - 3 ) gave up one run and four hits in five - plus innings as Colorado avoided being swept for the first time this season . Raimel Tapia went 4 for 4 and scored three times for the Rockies . Jake McGee bailed Colorado out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam in the seventh	True
The Rockies are one of the biggest surprises in the majors , fueled by a starting rotation dotted with rookies and a newfound competence away from Coors Field . The 22-year-old Marquez is helping lead the way . He improved to 3 - 1 with a 3.00 ERA on the road after keeping the surging Pirates in check then relying on the bullpen to do the rest . Marquez bounced back from the shortest outing of his brief career ( three innings in a loss to the Chicago Cubs last Friday ) to work into the sixth	True
Marquez bounced back from the shortest outing of his brief career ( three innings in a loss to the Chicago Cubs last Friday ) to work into the sixth . By then the Rockies already had a 3 - 0 lead . Desmond sent a pitch from Kuhl just over the reach of left fielder John Jaso with one out in the second	True
Marquez bounced back from the shortest outing of his brief career ( three innings in a loss to the Chicago Cubs last Friday ) to work into the sixth . By then the Rockies already had a 3 - 0 lead . Desmond sent a pitch from Kuhl just over the reach of left fielder John Jaso with one out in the second to put Colorado up . The Rockies added two more in the fifth	True
Desmond sent a pitch from Kuhl just over the reach of left fielder John Jaso with one out in the second to put Colorado up . The Rockies added two more in the fifth . Desmond led off with a walk and scored on Trevor Story 's RBI-single . Tapia then darted home when Pittsburgh first baseman Josh Bell could n't field Marquez 's sacrifice bunt . The Pirates had a chance to get back in it in the seventh	True
Fisher homered and had an RBI single for his first major league hits in a nine - run sixth inning to help the Houston Astros to a 13 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night to avoid a three - game sweep . The Astros led by three with no outs in the sixth	True
Fisher is the first player to get the first two hits of his career in the same inning since Adam Laroche did it for the Braves on April 7 , 2004 . But the Astros were n't done scoring in that inning yet . Dillon Gee plunked Marisnick before George Springer added a two - run double to make it 13 - 1 . The Rangers finally escaped the sixth	True
Rangers starter Andrew Cashner ( 3 - 6 ) yielded 10 hits and four runs in 4-plus innings for the loss . Joey Gallo hit his 18th home run on a 466-foot shot to straightaway center field in the seventh	True
Marwin Gonzalez drove in three runs and Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran added two RBI apiece for the Astros . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the first	True
Marwin Gonzalez drove in three runs and Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran added two RBI apiece for the Astros . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the first . McCann doubled to start the second	True
Houston took a 1 - 0 lead on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the first . McCann doubled to start the second and the Astros extended their lead to 2 - 0 when he scored on a single by Gonzalez . Martes sailed through the first four innings , retiring 12 of the first 14 batters he faced . He ran into trouble in the fifth	True
BOSTON -- Even 22-year-old Andrew Benintendi was getting weary . Boston 's young outfielder put an end to yet another marathon game and a string of failed chances with a single in the 12th inning , driving in Xander Bogaerts from third	False
Boston 's young outfielder put an end to yet another marathon game and a string of failed chances with a single in the 12th inning , driving in Xander Bogaerts from third for the winning run as the Red Sox outlasted the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . It was the first career walkoff for Benintendi , who went 3 for 5 and made a key defensive play in the eighth	True
Boston 's young outfielder put an end to yet another marathon game and a string of failed chances with a single in the 12th inning , driving in Xander Bogaerts from third for the winning run as the Red Sox outlasted the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . It was the first career walkoff for Benintendi , who went 3 for 5 and made a key defensive play in the eighth that kept Philadelphia from taking the lead . After leaving runners stranded in the 10th	True
Boston 's young outfielder put an end to yet another marathon game and a string of failed chances with a single in the 12th inning , driving in Xander Bogaerts from third for the winning run as the Red Sox outlasted the Philadelphia Phillies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . It was the first career walkoff for Benintendi , who went 3 for 5 and made a key defensive play in the eighth that kept Philadelphia from taking the lead . After leaving runners stranded in the 10th and 11th	True
It was the first career walkoff for Benintendi , who went 3 for 5 and made a key defensive play in the eighth that kept Philadelphia from taking the lead . After leaving runners stranded in the 10th and 11th , it was Benintendi who got it done before the night got any later . Mitch Moreland hit one homer and barely missed another in the 12th	True
It was the first career walkoff for Benintendi , who went 3 for 5 and made a key defensive play in the eighth that kept Philadelphia from taking the lead . After leaving runners stranded in the 10th and 11th , it was Benintendi who got it done before the night got any later . Mitch Moreland hit one homer and barely missed another in the 12th with a long single off the Green Monster , allowing Bogaerts to advance to third	False
It did n't matter much as the Red Sox beat the Phillies in extra innings for the second straight night , extending Philadelphia 's losing streak to seven straight . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 11th	True
It did n't matter much as the Red Sox beat the Phillies in extra innings for the second straight night , extending Philadelphia 's losing streak to seven straight . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 11th and 12th	True
It did n't matter much as the Red Sox beat the Phillies in extra innings for the second straight night , extending Philadelphia 's losing streak to seven straight . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the 11th and 12th for Boston , which blew great opportunities in the first two extra innings before finally cashing in after Louis Garcia ( 1 - 1 ) walked Bogaerts with one out in the 12th	True
Ben Lively pitched seven solid innings in his third career start , digging himself out of some early trouble and holding Boston to three runs and eight hits . He walked two , struck out two and hit a batter but did not allow a run after Moreland 's solo homer to center in the third put Boston up 3 - 2 . David Price made his home debut for the Red Sox and needed just six pitches to put the Phillies down in the first	True
Ben Lively pitched seven solid innings in his third career start , digging himself out of some early trouble and holding Boston to three runs and eight hits . He walked two , struck out two and hit a batter but did not allow a run after Moreland 's solo homer to center in the third put Boston up 3 - 2 . David Price made his home debut for the Red Sox and needed just six pitches to put the Phillies down in the first . But the Phillies forced him to throw 36 pitches in the second inning when Philadelphia loaded the bases with one out . The Phillies did n't score until the third	True
David Price made his home debut for the Red Sox and needed just six pitches to put the Phillies down in the first . But the Phillies forced him to throw 36 pitches in the second inning when Philadelphia loaded the bases with one out . The Phillies did n't score until the third when Altherr drove a pitch from Price all the way out of the ballpark , clearing the Green Monster and signs above it to tie it at 2-all . After Moreland put Boston back up with his ninth homer of the season , Philadelphia tied it in the sixth	True
After Moreland put Boston back up with his ninth homer of the season , Philadelphia tied it in the sixth when Michael Saunders ran out a fielder 's choice , just avoiding a double play and allowing Tommy Joseph to score . Joseph reached on a ground-rule double to right off Price with one out . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first	True
After Moreland put Boston back up with his ninth homer of the season , Philadelphia tied it in the sixth when Michael Saunders ran out a fielder 's choice , just avoiding a double play and allowing Tommy Joseph to score . Joseph reached on a ground-rule double to right off Price with one out . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the first but only got one run out of it . After walking Benintendi with the bases loaded to put Boston up 1 - 0 , Lively got out of the early jam when Hanley Ramirez grounded into a double play . Boston got another run in the second	True
Daniel Norris ( 3 - 4 ) held Boston to two runs over five innings , giving up seven hits with three walks and six strikeouts . Drew Pomeranz ( 6 - 4 ) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings , snapping his career-best three - game winning streak . He fell behind 3 - 0 in the first	True
Hanley Ramirez had an RBI single and Dustin Pedroia a run-scoring double for Boston . The first six innings took just over three hours , sending a large portion of fans streaming for the exits after the final out of the sixth	True
Detroit lost the first two games of the series in the late innings , but did n't have any trouble after opening a big lead midway into this one . Leading 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
They loaded the bases on a throwing error by shortstop Xander Bogaerts , a single and walk before Upton hit his shot off the screen about halfway up the Pesky Pole . Ian Kinsler added an RBI single later in the inning . In the first	True
Smith had three hits and used his speed to set up the go-ahead run and the Rays took three of four from the Oakland Athletics with a 5 - 4 victory Sunday . Smith had a bunt single leading off the seventh	True
Smith had three hits and used his speed to set up the go-ahead run and the Rays took three of four from the Oakland Athletics with a 5 - 4 victory Sunday . Smith had a bunt single leading off the seventh and went to third	False
Smith had three hits and used his speed to set up the go-ahead run and the Rays took three of four from the Oakland Athletics with a 5 - 4 victory Sunday . Smith had a bunt single leading off the seventh and went to third after reliever Daniel Coulombe ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with an error for an errant throw to first	False
Kiermaier is expected to miss at least two months with a broken right hip . Chase Whitley ( 2 - 1 ) replaced Chris Archer in the top of seventh	True
Chase Whitley ( 2 - 1 ) replaced Chris Archer in the top of seventh and worked out of a two - on , no-out jam . Oakland loaded the bases with one out in the ninth	True
Stephen Vogt had three RBI for Oakland , which has lost eight consecutive road series . The previous time the Athletics had a worst stretch was in 1986 when they dropped nine in a row . Davis drove in a run with a single in the sixth	True
Davis drove in a run with a single in the sixth to put Oakland 4 - 3 , but Colby Rasmus pulled Tampa Bay even in the bottom of the inning with a solo homer . Vogt had a two - run single in the second	True
The Athletics lost twice in the series after going up by three runs . After striking out the first two batters in the fifth	True
Seager capped Los Angeles ' six - run eighth inning with his first career grand slam , helping the Dodgers sweep the Cincinnati Reds with a 9 - 7 victory on Sunday . Rookie Cody Bellinger sparked Los Angeles ' rally with one - out drive against Austin Brice . Rasiel Iglesias ( 2 - 1 ) replaced Brice with a runner on first	False
Rookie Cody Bellinger sparked Los Angeles ' rally with one - out drive against Austin Brice . Rasiel Iglesias ( 2 - 1 ) replaced Brice with a runner on first and walked three straight batters to force in a run , trimming Cincinnati 's lead to 7 - 5 . Seager then hit a drive to center for his ninth homer . Seager also beat Cincinnati on Saturday night with an RBI double in the ninth	True
Seager also beat Cincinnati on Saturday night with an RBI double in the ninth for his first game-ending hit at any level . Bellinger also homered in the second	True
Seager also beat Cincinnati on Saturday night with an RBI double in the ninth for his first game-ending hit at any level . Bellinger also homered in the second and Chase Utley connected in the fifth	True
Adam Duvall , Scott Schebler , Joey Votto and Devin Mesoraco homered for the Reds , who dropped their sixth consecutive road game . Duvall led off the second	True
Duvall led off the second with a drive to left and Schebler added a two - run homer , helping the Reds to a 3 - 0 lead . It was Duvall 's 15th homer and No . 18 for Schebler . After Votto connected for a solo shot in the third	True
Duvall led off the second with a drive to left and Schebler added a two - run homer , helping the Reds to a 3 - 0 lead . It was Duvall 's 15th homer and No . 18 for Schebler . After Votto connected for a solo shot in the third , Utley belted a solo drive in the fifth	True
After Votto connected for a solo shot in the third , Utley belted a solo drive in the fifth that went off the glove of center fielder Billy Hamilton . The Reds opened a 7 - 3 lead on Mesoraco 's three - run homer off Ross Stripling in the sixth	True
The Braves had won three in a row . Brandon Phillips ' fourth homer for Atlanta cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the eighth	True
T. J. Rivera and Wilmer Flores each had a sacrifice fly for the Mets , who avoided dropping to a season-worst nine games under .500 . New York had lost 10 of its last 14 road games . The Mets went up 2 - 0 in the eighth	True
The Mets went up 2 - 0 in the eighth . Jackson hit Michael Conforto on the uniform with a pitch , Cespedes singled and a passed ball advanced the runners . Conforto scored on Flores ' sacrifice fly . New York took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Crawford and Pence , two key Giants hitters , each struck out three times . Belt splashed a 3 - 2 pitch into McCovey Cove for a solo homer in the first inning to put San Francisco ahead . It marked his seventh career homer into the bay beyond the right field wall named for Hall of Famer Willie McCovey and second	False
Belt splashed a 3 - 2 pitch into McCovey Cove for a solo homer in the first inning to put San Francisco ahead . It marked his seventh career homer into the bay beyond the right field wall named for Hall of Famer Willie McCovey and second this season . Berrios allowed six hits , two earned runs and three walks in his first career appearance against San Francisco . Brandon Kintzler , the Twins ' third reliever , finished with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Giants starter Jeff Samardzija ( 2 - 8 ) struck out six and walked one over six innings , increasing his impressive totals to 65 Ks and two walks in his last eight starts . But he also has given up six home runs during that stretch . Vargas led off the fourth	True
Giants starter Jeff Samardzija ( 2 - 8 ) struck out six and walked one over six innings , increasing his impressive totals to 65 Ks and two walks in his last eight starts . But he also has given up six home runs during that stretch . Vargas led off the fourth with his second	False
Giants starter Jeff Samardzija ( 2 - 8 ) struck out six and walked one over six innings , increasing his impressive totals to 65 Ks and two walks in his last eight starts . But he also has given up six home runs during that stretch . Vargas led off the fourth with his second of the year , and Dozier hit a go-ahead , two - run drive in the fifth	True
Swanson reached on his hustle double , then dashed home on a single by pinch-hitter Rio Ruiz in the ninth inning to lift the Atlanta Braves over the New York Mets 3 - 2 Friday . With one out in the ninth	True
Swanson reached on his hustle double , then dashed home on a single by pinch-hitter Rio Ruiz in the ninth inning to lift the Atlanta Braves over the New York Mets 3 - 2 Friday . With one out in the ninth , Swanson hit a bouncer through the infield and ran hard out of the batter 's box . As center fielder Curtis Granderson took a casual approach to the ball , Swanson never let up as he rounded first base and slid head-first into second	False
Swanson 's two - run double in the sixth gave Atlanta a 2 - 1 lead . Jim Johnson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Harvey left with a 1 - 0 lead , thanks to Granderson 's third-inning homer off Julio Teheran . The Mets have hit homers in 12 consecutive road games , two shy of the team record of 14 set in 1988 . The Braves took the lead with two runs off reliever Paul Sewald in the sixth	True
The Braves took the lead with two runs off reliever Paul Sewald in the sixth . Matt Kemp led off with a double , Danny Santana drew a two - out walk and Swanson doubled . The Mets tied it in the seventh	False
BOSTON -- Jackie Bradley Jr. made Detroit pay dearly for a couple of late mistakes . Bradley hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Bradley hit a two - run homer in the eighth as Boston rallied for three runs in the inning and beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Friday night . A bloop single , followed by a bad pick-off attempt helped the Red Sox tie it in the eighth	True
A bloop single , followed by a bad pick-off attempt helped the Red Sox tie it in the eighth , then Bradley completed the comeback with his eighth homer of the season , a towering shot to right that cleared Detroit 's bullpen and reached the stands . Mitch Moreland also scored on Bradley 's homer after driving in the tying run with a single to right after Xander Bogaerts ' leadoff single , a blooper that landed in shallow right . Moreland led off the fourth	True
Matt Barnes ( 4 - 2 ) pitched one inning of relief and got the win and Craig Kimbrel picked up his 18th save . Alex Wilson ( 1 - 3 ) , who started the eighth	True
Matt Barnes ( 4 - 2 ) pitched one inning of relief and got the win and Craig Kimbrel picked up his 18th save . Alex Wilson ( 1 - 3 ) , who started the eighth with Detroit up 3 - 2 , took the loss after allowing three runs on four hits . He also made an error on a wild pickoff attempt that put Bogaerts on second	False
Zimmermann pitched himself out of a couple of early jams , but Detroit 's bullpen could n't quite hang on to the narrow lead . Castellanos homered with one out in the first	True
Zimmermann pitched himself out of a couple of early jams , but Detroit 's bullpen could n't quite hang on to the narrow lead . Castellanos homered with one out in the first and Detroit added another run with two outs on consecutive singles by Victor Martinez , J. D. Martinez and Justin Upton . Mahtook put Detroit up 3 - 0 with a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
Castellanos homered with one out in the first and Detroit added another run with two outs on consecutive singles by Victor Martinez , J. D. Martinez and Justin Upton . Mahtook put Detroit up 3 - 0 with a leadoff homer in the fourth . Moreland led off the bottom of the fourth	True
Moreland led off the bottom of the fourth with a homer to right , just out of J. D. Martinez 's reach and into the bullpen . Andrew Benintendi followed with a single and scored on Jackie Bradley 's single to left . Boston still had two runners on and one out , but the rally ended when Pablo Sandoval hit into a double play . Boston had another potential rally cut short in the sixth	True
Moreland led off the bottom of the fourth with a homer to right , just out of J. D. Martinez 's reach and into the bullpen . Andrew Benintendi followed with a single and scored on Jackie Bradley 's single to left . Boston still had two runners on and one out , but the rally ended when Pablo Sandoval hit into a double play . Boston had another potential rally cut short in the sixth after Moreland 's leadoff double . The Red Sox were running out of time until Bogaerts , Moreland and Bradley came through in the eighth	True
But the difference proved to be Cano 's gaffe in the fifth inning that Seattle could n't overcome as the Twins avoided a three - game sweep . With two out in the fifth inning and a runner on second	False
Gibson ( 3 - 4 ) managed to quiet Seattle 's hot bats , pitching into the seventh inning for the first time the season . The Mariners were averaging 8.17 runs per game so far in June , but were limited to Ben Gamel 's sacrifice fly to score Jarrod Dyson . Gibson lasted just one batter into the seventh	True
Gibson ( 3 - 4 ) managed to quiet Seattle 's hot bats , pitching into the seventh inning for the first time the season . The Mariners were averaging 8.17 runs per game so far in June , but were limited to Ben Gamel 's sacrifice fly to score Jarrod Dyson . Gibson lasted just one batter into the seventh , getting pulled after giving up a leadoff single to Taylor Motter . He allowed five hits and struck out four . He also got one big defensive assist thanks to another highlight catch by Byron Buxton . With two on and two out in the fifth	True
Gibson lasted just one batter into the seventh , getting pulled after giving up a leadoff single to Taylor Motter . He allowed five hits and struck out four . He also got one big defensive assist thanks to another highlight catch by Byron Buxton . With two on and two out in the fifth , Cano lined a shot to deep center field . Buxton raced back and at the last moment reached above his head falling backward to make the catch and likely save two runs . Seattle threatened late , getting the tying run to second base in the seventh	False
Gibson lasted just one batter into the seventh , getting pulled after giving up a leadoff single to Taylor Motter . He allowed five hits and struck out four . He also got one big defensive assist thanks to another highlight catch by Byron Buxton . With two on and two out in the fifth , Cano lined a shot to deep center field . Buxton raced back and at the last moment reached above his head falling backward to make the catch and likely save two runs . Seattle threatened late , getting the tying run to second base in the seventh and eighth innings . With one out in the eighth	True
Seattle threatened late , getting the tying run to second base in the seventh and eighth innings . With one out in the eighth , Mike Zunino lined a shot back up the middle that reliever Taylor Rogers snared and doubled Cano off second base to end the threat . A day after giving up a game-winning home run in the ninth	True
It had plenty on it , and it still feels plenty sweet to make an impact where he began his big league career in 2010 -- even in a different uniform . Donaldson hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the 10th	True
Frankie Montas ( 1 - 1 ) plunked Kevin Pillar to start the inning and bring up Donaldson , who clobbered a 1 - 2 fastball and hit a high drive clearing the wall in left-center . Liam Hendriks tossed two perfect innings over the eighth	True
Frankie Montas ( 1 - 1 ) plunked Kevin Pillar to start the inning and bring up Donaldson , who clobbered a 1 - 2 fastball and hit a high drive clearing the wall in left-center . Liam Hendriks tossed two perfect innings over the eighth and ninth	True
A 's manager Bob Melvin sent the third baseman out of town with the skipper 's bobblehead doll as a parting gift . Ryan Tepera ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Ryan Tepera ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for the win , while Roberto Osuna finished for his 14th save . Pillar hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Chad Pinder 's sacrifice fly in the fifth following a leadoff triple by Rajai Davis tied the game at 4 . Davis also doubled twice and matched his career high with four hits , doing it for the 10th time and first since last July 2 at Toronto while with Cleveland . Smoak homered three times in the series to bring his season total to 17 , also leading off the second Wednesday against A 's right-hander Jharel Cotton . That came after Oakland went ahead in the bottom of the first	True
Cotton made his first career start against Toronto but is still waiting for his first win since being recalled from the minors on May 27 . He allowed four runs and four hits in six innings , struck out four and walked four . Trevor Plouffe 's leadoff homer in the fourth	True
ATLANTA -- Aaron Nola was n't satisfied with becoming the first Phillies pitcher to last eight innings this season . Nola tried to convince manager Pete Mackanin to leave him in the game for the ninth	True
Nola tried to convince manager Pete Mackanin to leave him in the game for the ninth . That goal for a complete game will have to wait . Nola allowed a run over eight innings , Odubel Herrera doubled in the go-ahead run in the sixth	True
The Phillies have won four straight and are 5 - 0 against the Braves this season , including a three - game sweep at Philadelphia on April 21 - 23 . Howie Kendrick had three hits , including a homer in the fourth	True
Howie Kendrick had three hits , including a homer in the fourth . Hector Neris gave up one - out singles to Matt Kemp and Matt Adams in the ninth	True
Nola gave up five hits . His eight innings matched the longest start of his career . Cesar Hernandez led off the sixth	True
Cesar Hernandez led off the sixth with a double to left off Jaime Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) and scored on Herrera 's double to the right field corner for a 2 - 1 lead . Herrera moved to third	False
The 25-year-old Herrera speaks to reporters through an interpreter and is n't as comfortable doing interviews as some of his Spanish-speaking teammates . Freddy Galvis , a fellow Venezuelan , is the team 's clubhouse leader . Garcia allowed three runs and eight hits in 7 2/3 innings . The left-hander retired 11 consecutive batters to open the game before Kendrick 's two - out homer in the fourth tied it at 1 . Kendrick 's homer , only his second	False
The feeling was just the opposite for Clevinger , who allowed five runs and four hits in four innings , including the double to his counterpart . Nolan Arenado was aboard with a walk when Gonzalez connected for his fifth home run of the season in the third	True
Black said after the game that Parra was headed for the disabled list . Lonnie Chisenhall , who came off the concussion disabled list earlier in the day , hit a solo home run for the Indians in the fifth inning . Bradley Zimmer added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Lonnie Chisenhall , who came off the concussion disabled list earlier in the day , hit a solo home run for the Indians in the fifth inning . Bradley Zimmer added a two - run homer in the seventh . Reynolds answered Chisenhall 's homer with a three - run drive off Zach McAllister in the bottom of the fifth	True
Reynolds answered Chisenhall 's homer with a three - run drive off Zach McAllister in the bottom of the fifth . Reynolds added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Reynolds answered Chisenhall 's homer with a three - run drive off Zach McAllister in the bottom of the fifth . Reynolds added a two - run homer in the seventh for his 24th career multihomer game and the first	False
Zunino , a .196 career hitter who had a career-high seven RBI on Saturday , is hitting .308 since being recalled from the minors on May 22 and leads the team with 13 RBI during that span . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Zunino , a dead pull hitter , hit a two - run single to the right side , giving Seattle a 4 - 0 lead . Cruz began the scoring with his 14th homer in the first	True
In the fourth , Zunino , a dead pull hitter , hit a two - run single to the right side , giving Seattle a 4 - 0 lead . Cruz began the scoring with his 14th homer in the first . Dyson added a two - run double in the sixth	True
Cruz began the scoring with his 14th homer in the first . Dyson added a two - run double in the sixth . Kevin Kiermaier had an infield single in the fifth	False
Chatwood threw a season-high 114 pitches . Jordan Lyles pitched a perfect the ninth	True
The Padres had been on their longest winning streak since August 2015 ; they have not won six straight since June 2013 . Gerardo Parra hit an RBI single in the fourth	True
Gerardo Parra hit an RBI single in the fourth after Carlos Gonzalez reached on a one - out popup to shallow right that second baseman Yangervis Solarte allowed to fall behind him for an error , thinking right fielder Hunter Renfroe had called him off . DJ LeMahieu , who had three hits , had an RBI single in the fifth	False
DJ LeMahieu , who had three hits , had an RBI single in the fifth and scored on Arenado 's two - run homer into the second deck in left . Austin Hedges homered to cut the deficit to 4 - 1 in the sixth	False
DJ LeMahieu , who had three hits , had an RBI single in the fifth and scored on Arenado 's two - run homer into the second deck in left . Austin Hedges homered to cut the deficit to 4 - 1 in the sixth , and Desmond broke open the game in the seventh	False
Chris Taylor hit a go-ahead grand slam off Carlos Torres in a five - run ninth inning , as the Dodgers overcame a four - run deficit for a 10 - 8 victory Saturday . Los Angeles led 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
Los Angeles led 4 - 3 in the seventh when Chris Hatcher walked the bases loaded and Josh Fields relieved . Travis Shaw drove Fields ' third pitch over the fence in left-center , and Hernan Perez homered two pitches later for an 8 - 4 lead . Yasiel Puig hit into a run-scoring forceout in the eighth	True
Los Angeles led 4 - 3 in the seventh when Chris Hatcher walked the bases loaded and Josh Fields relieved . Travis Shaw drove Fields ' third pitch over the fence in left-center , and Hernan Perez homered two pitches later for an 8 - 4 lead . Yasiel Puig hit into a run-scoring forceout in the eighth , and the Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the ninth	False
Yasiel Puig hit into a run-scoring forceout in the eighth , and the Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the ninth against Torres ( 2 - 4 ) , who closed because Corey Knebel and Jacob Barnes were unavailable following outings on consecutive days . Corey Seager walked , and Yasmani Grandal hit a grounder to first baseman Jesus Aguilar , who , instead of stepping on the bag for an easy second	True
Pinch-hitter Austin Barnes walked , Cody Bellinger took a high and outside full-count pitch for a walk that forced in a run and Taylor homered off the batters ' eye behind the center-field fence . Brandon Morrow ( 2 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Austin Barnes walked , Cody Bellinger took a high and outside full-count pitch for a walk that forced in a run and Taylor homered off the batters ' eye behind the center-field fence . Brandon Morrow ( 2 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth , and Kenley Jansen worked around Shaw 's one - out single in the ninth	False
Milwaukee has wasted ninth-inning leads in three of its past eight games . Los Angeles won Friday 's series opener 2 - 1 when Grandal homered against Knebel in the ninth	True
Milwaukee has wasted ninth-inning leads in three of its past eight games . Los Angeles won Friday 's series opener 2 - 1 when Grandal homered against Knebel in the ninth and Bellinger homered off Neftali Feliz in the 12th	True
Dodgers starter Rich Hill needed 97 pitches to get through four innings Saturday , allowing three runs -- two earned -- three hits and four walks . Brewers starter Matt Garza gave up two runs -- one earned -- three hits and four walks in four innings , leaving with a bruised chest . He collided near first	False
Dodgers starter Rich Hill needed 97 pitches to get through four innings Saturday , allowing three runs -- two earned -- three hits and four walks . Brewers starter Matt Garza gave up two runs -- one earned -- three hits and four walks in four innings , leaving with a bruised chest . He collided near first with Aguilar after the first baseman fielded Bellinger 's leadoff grounder in the fourth	True
Counsell made the decision for Garza . Aguilar hit a solo homer in the third	True
Carlos Correa and George Springer each hit a three - run homer for the Astros ( 39 - 16 ) , who have the top record and longest winning streak in the majors . The Astros were ahead to stay after Correa 's homer in the fifth	True
After striking out twice , Correa hit his 10th homer on a drive that cleared the 14-foot wall in left-center field to make it 3 - 0 . That followed two - out hits by Josh Reddick and Jose Altuve . After the start was delayed by rain for 2 hours , 6 minutes , Keuchel ( 9 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked two while limiting the Rangers to three hits . The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the sixth	True
After the start was delayed by rain for 2 hours , 6 minutes , Keuchel ( 9 - 0 ) struck out seven and walked two while limiting the Rangers to three hits . The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the sixth when he got Rougned Odor on an inning-ending groundout . Adrian Beltre ended Houston 's shutout bid when he led off the ninth	True
Darvish is 0 - 4 with a 4.47 ERA in his last eight starts against the Astros since late in the 2013 season , the same year he came within one out of a perfect game versus Houston . Springer 's 13th homer capped a four - run outburst off reliever Dillon Gee in the eighth	True
The Red Sox won for just the second time in seven games and remained one - half game behind the AL East-leading New York Yankees . Leon opened the 10th	True
The Red Sox won for just the second time in seven games and remained one - half game behind the AL East-leading New York Yankees . Leon opened the 10th with a double off the Green Monster against Mike Minor ( 5 - 3 ) . After Mookie Betts was intentionally walked , both moved up on a wild pitch before Nunez hit a grounder that shortstop Alcides Escobar made a diving stab of and threw to first	False
The Red Sox won for just the second time in seven games and remained one - half game behind the AL East-leading New York Yankees . Leon opened the 10th with a double off the Green Monster against Mike Minor ( 5 - 3 ) . After Mookie Betts was intentionally walked , both moved up on a wild pitch before Nunez hit a grounder that shortstop Alcides Escobar made a diving stab of and threw to first . Leon , who halted on the play , headed home on the throw to first	False
Matt Barnes ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Boston tied it on Betts ' sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Boston tied it on Betts ' sacrifice fly in the eighth . Trailing 6 - 4 in the sixth	True
Trailing 6 - 4 in the sixth , Kansas City scored four runs on two hits , two walks and the two errors . Reliever Blaine Boyer also had a wild pitch and Christian Vazquez a passed ball . Third baseman Rafael Devers booted Escobar 's grounder to open the inning and Alex Gordon walked . Both moved up on the wild pitch . Merrifield and Jorge Bonifacio had consecutive RBI singles to tie it . After Nunez threw high on an attempted force at second	False
Third baseman Rafael Devers booted Escobar 's grounder to open the inning and Alex Gordon walked . Both moved up on the wild pitch . Merrifield and Jorge Bonifacio had consecutive RBI singles to tie it . After Nunez threw high on an attempted force at second and a run scored , Salvador Perez 's sacrifice fly made it 8 - 6 . The Red Sox had moved ahead by scoring twice in the fourth	True
Third baseman Rafael Devers booted Escobar 's grounder to open the inning and Alex Gordon walked . Both moved up on the wild pitch . Merrifield and Jorge Bonifacio had consecutive RBI singles to tie it . After Nunez threw high on an attempted force at second and a run scored , Salvador Perez 's sacrifice fly made it 8 - 6 . The Red Sox had moved ahead by scoring twice in the fourth and fifth	True
Third baseman Rafael Devers booted Escobar 's grounder to open the inning and Alex Gordon walked . Both moved up on the wild pitch . Merrifield and Jorge Bonifacio had consecutive RBI singles to tie it . After Nunez threw high on an attempted force at second and a run scored , Salvador Perez 's sacrifice fly made it 8 - 6 . The Red Sox had moved ahead by scoring twice in the fourth and fifth . Vazquez had an RBI double and scored on Devers ' single . Nunez hit his second homer leading off the fifth	True
Iglesias is hitting .364 with four doubles , a homer and 11 RBI in his last 14 games , raising his batting average from .239 to .261 . Iglesias ' second run-scoring double tied the game at 3 in the seventh	True
Kinsler followed up the single with a spectacular defensive play , racing down the right-field line and leaning into the stands to catch Josh Reddick 's pop fly . Victor Martinez made it 5 - 3 with an RBI single in the eighth	True
Victor Martinez made it 5 - 3 with an RBI single in the eighth to help lock up Detroit 's third win in 10 games . Matt Boyd ( 5 - 5 ) allowed three runs on eight hits in 7 1/3 innings . He struck out five without walking a batter . Justin Wilson , the subject of trade rumors , pitched the ninth	True
Jose Altuve went 0 - for - 4 , snapping his 19-game hitting streak and dropping his batting average to .365 , which still leads the majors . Francis Martes ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss after relieving McHugh in the seventh	True
Francis Martes ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss after relieving McHugh in the seventh . He was lifted after Iglesias ' game-tying double and was charged with three runs on two hits . Evan Gattis gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead with a long homer to left in the first inning . Derek Fisher drove home Houston 's third run with a triple in the fourth	True
Evan Gattis gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead with a long homer to left in the first inning . Derek Fisher drove home Houston 's third run with a triple in the fourth , but Boyd struck out the next two batters to avoid further damage . Iglesias 's RBI double in the fifth got the Tigers on the board . Boyd took a line drive from Gattis off his shin in the sixth	True
Kelly does n't mind the moniker . Odubel Herrera hit a tying home run with one out in the ninth	True
Asked if he thought about changing his closer , Braves manager Brian Snitker said he did n't . The Phillies loaded the bases in the 11th	True
Asked if he thought about changing his closer , Braves manager Brian Snitker said he did n't . The Phillies loaded the bases in the 11th against Rex Brothers ( 1 - 1 ) , and Kelly lined the second pitch into left-center to score Tommy Joseph from third	False
The Braves jumped out to a 2 - 0 lead in the first thanks in part to Cesar Hernandez 's throwing error at second base . Matt Adams ' sacrifice fly and Markakis ' double scored the runs . Both were unearned after Hernandez 's throw went high over shortstop Freddy Galvis , allowing Phillips to reach second safely . Atlanta starter Sean Newcomb did n't allow a hit until Herrera 's two - out RBI single in the fourth	True
Atlanta starter Sean Newcomb did n't allow a hit until Herrera 's two - out RBI single in the fourth that brought the Phillies to 2 - 1 . The Braves went back up two runs in the fifth	True
The Braves went back up two runs in the fifth on Tyler Flowers ' sacrifice fly to center with the bases loaded . The Phillies got a run back in the eighth	False
The Braves went back up two runs in the fifth on Tyler Flowers ' sacrifice fly to center with the bases loaded . The Phillies got a run back in the eighth on Aaron Altherr 's RBI single that scored Hernandez . But Arodys Vizcaino struck out Nick Williams before Freeman 's excellent grab of Joseph 's liner to third	False
The Phillies got a run back in the eighth on Aaron Altherr 's RBI single that scored Hernandez . But Arodys Vizcaino struck out Nick Williams before Freeman 's excellent grab of Joseph 's liner to third that turned into a 5 - 4 - 4 , inning-ending double play . Herrera then sent the game to extra innings with a solo shot to right in the ninth	True
DETROIT -- After two sacrifice flies earlier in the game , Josh Reddick came up in the eighth inning with men on first	False
DETROIT -- After two sacrifice flies earlier in the game , Josh Reddick came up in the eighth inning with men on first and second	False
Reddick hit a three - run homer , lifting Houston to a 6 - 5 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night . His five - RBI performance helped the Astros win despite getting only three innings from starter Dallas Keuchel in the left-hander 's return from a neck injury . The Astros trailed 5 - 3 when Detroit brought in reliever Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 2 ) to start the eighth	True
The Astros trailed 5 - 3 when Detroit brought in reliever Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 2 ) to start the eighth . He allowed singles to Derek Fisher and Jose Altuve before Reddick 's drive sailed well beyond the wall in right field . Brad Peacock ( 9 - 1 ) allowed two runs in four innings of relief for Houston , then Chris Devenski pitched the eighth	True
Keuchel , who had n't pitched since June 2 , allowed three runs and six hits , walking three and striking out three . Hinch indicated before the game that he would be on a pitch count , and he was pulled after throwing 79 . Keuchel is 9 - 0 this year and has won his last 11 decisions , a streak that only stayed alive because of Houston 's late rally . He allowed a three - run homer to Castellanos in the second	True
Keuchel is 9 - 0 this year and has won his last 11 decisions , a streak that only stayed alive because of Houston 's late rally . He allowed a three - run homer to Castellanos in the second that put the Tigers ahead 3 - 1 . Cabrera 's home run made it 4 - 2 in the fifth	True
Cabrera 's home run made it 4 - 2 in the fifth , but Gonzalez answered the following inning with a solo shot . Mikie Mahtook gave the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh	False
Cabrera 's home run made it 4 - 2 in the fifth , but Gonzalez answered the following inning with a solo shot . Mikie Mahtook gave the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh when he hustled all the way around from first	False
Mikie Mahtook gave the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh when he hustled all the way around from first and scored on Victor Martinez 's single to right . Reddick hit sacrifice flies in the first	True
Mike Fiers ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs and five hits in four innings , continuing his struggles against the Phillies . The right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 10.12 ERA in three career starts against Philadelphia . Rupp took Fiers deep in the fourth	True
Rupp took Fiers deep in the fourth , driving a 1 - 1 , 89-mph fastball into the seats in right to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Nick Williams ' two - out single to right made it 3 - 0 . After snapping an 0 - for - 16 skid with a first-inning double , Franco launched a two - run homer just inside the foul pole in left off Michael Feliz in the fifth	True
After snapping an 0 - for - 16 skid with a first-inning double , Franco launched a two - run homer just inside the foul pole in left off Michael Feliz in the fifth to give Philadelphia a five - run lead . The Phillies scored four more in the sixth	True
The Phillies scored four more in the sixth , highlighted by Rupp 's first career multi-homer game with a two - run shot to left-center . The loss was in the first	True
His mom , Janice Baio , and sister , Sasha , caught a flight from New York 's LaGuardia Airport at about 5 p.m. and got to Busch Stadium in the fifth inning , in time for his third at-bat . Bader started in center field and hit seventh	False
His mom , Janice Baio , and sister , Sasha , caught a flight from New York 's LaGuardia Airport at about 5 p.m. and got to Busch Stadium in the fifth inning , in time for his third at-bat . Bader started in center field and hit seventh , and he grounded out , struck out and flied out in his first three times up . He doubled down the left-field line against on a 95 mph fastball from lefty Jake McGee ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Bader started in center field and hit seventh , and he grounded out , struck out and flied out in his first three times up . He doubled down the left-field line against on a 95 mph fastball from lefty Jake McGee ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth . Bader was batting .403 ( 29 for 72 ) with 10 homers against lefties at Triple-A this year . Greg Garcia sacrificed as Bader took third	False
Rockies starter Jon Gray gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . Cardinals rookie Paul DeJong hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Rockies starter Jon Gray gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . Cardinals rookie Paul DeJong hit a two - run homer in the first , his 13th	False
Rockies starter Jon Gray gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . Cardinals rookie Paul DeJong hit a two - run homer in the first , his 13th of the season and seventh	False
Rockies starter Jon Gray gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . Cardinals rookie Paul DeJong hit a two - run homer in the first , his 13th of the season and seventh in July . Gerardo Parra had a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Rockies starter Jon Gray gave up two runs and eight hits in five innings . Cardinals rookie Paul DeJong hit a two - run homer in the first , his 13th of the season and seventh in July . Gerardo Parra had a sacrifice fly in the seventh off Kevin Siegrist , and Trevor Story tied the score in the eighth	False
It was the seventh time in eight starts he went at least seven innings . Hunter Renfroe homered twice for San Diego , including a leadoff shot in the ninth	True
Wilmer Flores homered off Clayton Richard ( 5 - 10 ) . Asdrubal Cabrera had three hits , Jay Bruce had two hits and two RBI , and Jose Reyes stole his 500th career base . DeGrom 's only big mistake was allowing Renfroe 's moonshot home run onto the top of the Western Metal Supply Co. Building leading off the seventh	True
`` Obviously deGrom is one of the best in the game . He 's very good . He had some good stuff first inning . He always comes out . Good stuff all around . He was really showing it there and he was making really good pitches as well . He had 96 with the good spinning rating and good location . That 's tough . '' Renfroe has 19 home runs this season . It was the third multihomer game of his career and second	False
DeGrom struck out his first four batters before walking Cory Spangenberg and allowing a single to Manuel Margot . Dusty Coleman , called up earlier in the day after the rebuilding Padres traded three pitchers to Kansas City , hit into a double play . Flores homered in the second	True
DeGrom struck out his first four batters before walking Cory Spangenberg and allowing a single to Manuel Margot . Dusty Coleman , called up earlier in the day after the rebuilding Padres traded three pitchers to Kansas City , hit into a double play . Flores homered in the second , his 10th	False
Flores homered in the second , his 10th . The Mets added on in the third	True
Flores homered in the second , his 10th . The Mets added on in the third with Yoenis Cespedes ' RBI triple followed by Bruce 's single . Bruce singled again in the fifth	True
Flores homered in the second , his 10th . The Mets added on in the third with Yoenis Cespedes ' RBI triple followed by Bruce 's single . Bruce singled again in the fifth to bring in Michael Conforto , who doubled with one out . Travis d'Arnaud hit an RBI single in the eighth	False
Tomlin ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two homers but stayed in the strike zone and won his third straight start . Cleveland 's solid bullpen did its part as well , with Andrew Miller working two innings and Cody Allen finishing up . Santana homered in the seventh	True
Tomlin ( 7 - 9 ) gave up two homers but stayed in the strike zone and won his third straight start . Cleveland 's solid bullpen did its part as well , with Andrew Miller working two innings and Cody Allen finishing up . Santana homered in the seventh and eighth	True
Santana homered in the seventh and eighth as the defending American League champions , who came stumbling home from a 1 - 5 road trip , moved over .500 ( 25 - 24 ) at Progressive Field for the first time since winning their home opener on April 11 . Cleveland 's Roberto Perez snapped a 1 - 1 tie in the fifth	True
Those outings could influence whether the Indians ' front office tries to trade for another front-line starter before the July 31 trading deadline . Tomlin was dominant during one stretch , striking out six straight from the second	True
Those outings could influence whether the Indians ' front office tries to trade for another front-line starter before the July 31 trading deadline . Tomlin was dominant during one stretch , striking out six straight from the second to the fourth	True
Those outings could influence whether the Indians ' front office tries to trade for another front-line starter before the July 31 trading deadline . Tomlin was dominant during one stretch , striking out six straight from the second to the fourth and allowing just one hit until the fifth	True
Chapman quickly atoned for a baserunning blunder by hitting a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning Sunday that sent the Athletics to a 3 - 2 victory , ending New York 's four - game winning streak . Picked off third base with no outs in the fifth	True
Mets manager Terry Collins did n't try to predict the future for his players . Michael Conforto hit his 19th homer of the season and fifth	False
Michael Conforto hit his 19th homer of the season and fifth of the Mets ' 6 - 4 homestand that came after the All-Star break . Marcus Semien and Khris Davis also homered for Oakland , helping Bob Melvin post his 999th victory as a big league manager . Semien connected on the sixth pitch of the game , and Davis hit his 28th home run in the fourth	True
Marcus Semien and Khris Davis also homered for Oakland , helping Bob Melvin post his 999th victory as a big league manager . Semien connected on the sixth pitch of the game , and Davis hit his 28th home run in the fourth . Oakland led 2 - 1 when Chapman opened the fifth	True
Oakland led 2 - 1 when Chapman opened the fifth with a double and moved up on a wild pitch by Rafael Montero ( 1 - 7 ) . But with no outs , Chapman wandered too far and was picked off by catcher Rene Rivera . After the Mets tied it on an RBI grounder by Jose Reyes , Chapman launched a drive with two outs in the seventh	True
Chapman showed pop in the minors , and homered for the second straight day . He made his major league debut last month and has four home runs , all since the All-Star break . He also withstood a line drive by Granderson , snagging the ball just above his head to end the fifth	True
Back on bench , Gossett asked how hard the ball was hit . He was told 85 mph . Santiago Casilla , a possible trade target , worked the ninth	True
Kershaw is unbeaten in 15 consecutive starts and the team is 19 - 2 when he takes the mound . Jansen entered with a 3 - 1 lead and got the final out of the eighth	True
Kershaw is unbeaten in 15 consecutive starts and the team is 19 - 2 when he takes the mound . Jansen entered with a 3 - 1 lead and got the final out of the eighth , but gave up a three - run homer to Matt Adams in the ninth	True
Forsythe singled up the middle after Cody Bellinger was intentionally walked by Jim Johnson ( 6 - 2 ) to load the bases . Brandon Morrow ( 3 - 0 ) got the win after retiring the side in the top of the 10th	True
Brandon Morrow ( 3 - 0 ) got the win after retiring the side in the top of the 10th . Austin Barnes hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Kershaw was replaced by Ross Stripling , who allowed one run and two hits in three innings . The right-hander struck out two and walked two . Barnes hit an 0 - 2 pitch into left field after Forsythe and Kike Hernandez drew consecutive walks to open the fourth	True
Barnes hit an 0 - 2 pitch into left field after Forsythe and Kike Hernandez drew consecutive walks to open the fourth , making it 3 - 1 . Bellinger added his team-leading 27th homer with two outs in the eighth	True
Atlanta starter Sean Newcomb gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . The left-hander struck out nine and walked five . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Atlanta starter Sean Newcomb gave up three runs and three hits in six innings . The left-hander struck out nine and walked five . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Brandon Phillips ' RBI double . Stripling retired the first two batters of the inning before walking Ender Inciarte , who stole second	False
Said Rockies manager Bud Black : `` No way he hit Andrew McCutchen ( on purpose ) . That ball got away . '' In apparent retaliation , Chad Kuhl threw an inside pitch leading off the bottom of the sixth	True
Calm ultimately prevailed after warnings were issued to both teams and play resumed without further incident . Mark Reynolds added a pair of run-scoring singles and Charlie Blackmon scored after doubling in the third	True
Calm ultimately prevailed after warnings were issued to both teams and play resumed without further incident . Mark Reynolds added a pair of run-scoring singles and Charlie Blackmon scored after doubling in the third and tripling in the eighth	False
Mark Reynolds added a pair of run-scoring singles and Charlie Blackmon scored after doubling in the third and tripling in the eighth . The Pirates had their six - game winning streak halted despite Josh Bell 's home run leading off the fourth	True
The Pirates had their six - game winning streak halted despite Josh Bell 's home run leading off the fourth . Marquez gave up an RBI double to McCutchen in the first	True
The Pirates had their six - game winning streak halted despite Josh Bell 's home run leading off the fourth . Marquez gave up an RBI double to McCutchen in the first but kept the Pirates largely in check the rest of the way . He set down three straight batters in the fourth	True
Black said Marquez 's slider and curveball were particularly effective strikeout pitches . Marquez also singled for the Rockies ' first hit of the game in the third	True
Marquez also singled for the Rockies ' first hit of the game in the third and scored . Greg Holland got four outs for his major league-leading 31st save in 32 chances . The Pirates loaded the bases in the ninth	True
Greg Holland got four outs for his major league-leading 31st save in 32 chances . The Pirates loaded the bases in the ninth with one out but Holland struck out pinch-hitter Jose Osuna and got Josh Harrison to fly out to center around an infield RBI single by Starling Marte . Kuhl ( 3 - 7 ) allowed four runs on nine hits in six innings . He started strong but the Rockies got to him for a three - run third	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- A pitcher dreams of starts like this , his team giving him a big early lead before he even throws a pitch . Of course , teams dream of having a starting pitcher like Chris Sale . The two came together in brilliant fashion on a warm Friday night , with the Boston Red Sox scoring five times in the top of the first	True
Sale has won 11 of his last 13 decisions . He improved to 6 - 0 against the Angels with a 1.23 ERA in seven starts ( nine games ) . Boston jumped on erratic Angels starter Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 11 ) in the first	True
Boston jumped on erratic Angels starter Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 11 ) in the first , with six of its first seven batters collecting a hit . Nolasco went four innings and allowed all six runs on nine hits and a walk . The Angels avoided a shutout when Martin Maldonado hit a solo home run off reliever Kyle Martin in the seventh	True
`` Yeah , many a time , thanks for reminding me , '' Blue Jays manager John Gibbons joked when asked about seeing similar performances when the slugger played six seasons with Toronto . Encarnacion , who signed a three - year , $ 60 million contract with Cleveland in January , hit a leadoff home run in the second	True
`` Yeah , many a time , thanks for reminding me , '' Blue Jays manager John Gibbons joked when asked about seeing similar performances when the slugger played six seasons with Toronto . Encarnacion , who signed a three - year , $ 60 million contract with Cleveland in January , hit a leadoff home run in the second , broke a 3-all tie in the fifth	True
`` Yeah , many a time , thanks for reminding me , '' Blue Jays manager John Gibbons joked when asked about seeing similar performances when the slugger played six seasons with Toronto . Encarnacion , who signed a three - year , $ 60 million contract with Cleveland in January , hit a leadoff home run in the second , broke a 3-all tie in the fifth with a two - run double and added an RBI single when Cleveland scored eight times in the seventh	True
Encarnacion , who signed a three - year , $ 60 million contract with Cleveland in January , hit a leadoff home run in the second , broke a 3-all tie in the fifth with a two - run double and added an RBI single when Cleveland scored eight times in the seventh . Encarnacion was 3 for 4 with a walk and nearly added to his total later in the seventh	True
Encarnacion 's big night could n't have come at a better time . The Indians won for just the second time in eight games and the offense scored 16 runs during a 1 - 5 road trip . Abraham Almonte hit a three - run homer and rookie Bradley Zimmer added a two - run single in the seventh	True
Marco Estrada ( 4 - 7 ) gave up five runs in 4 2/3 innings and has n't won since May 27 . Jose Morales , Ryan Goins and Justin Smoak drove in runs for Toronto , which took a 3 - 1 lead into the fifth	True
Almonte led off with a triple and Roberto Perez walked . Erik Gonzalez 's single cut the lead to 3 - 2 and Francisco Lindor drew a one - out walk to load the bases . Michael Brantley 's RBI fielder 's choice tied the game . Brantley stole second	False
The Texas shortstop drove in his first runs since July 2 , smacking a solo homer to stop an 0 - for - 16 skid and then snapping a 10th-inning tie with a two - out infield single that gave the Rangers a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night . Andrus , who homered in the first inning , hit a sharp grounder off Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 1 ) that forced Evan Longoria to make a diving stop . Pinch runner Delino DeShields scored when the third baseman was unable to complete the throw to first base for the third	False
Andrus , who homered in the first inning , hit a sharp grounder off Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 1 ) that forced Evan Longoria to make a diving stop . Pinch runner Delino DeShields scored when the third baseman was unable to complete the throw to first base for the third out . Alex Claudio ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings in relief of Yu Darvish to get the win . The left-hander gave up a leadoff single to Steven Souza Jr. in the 10th	True
Alex Claudio ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings in relief of Yu Darvish to get the win . The left-hander gave up a leadoff single to Steven Souza Jr. in the 10th , but avoided further damage by getting Adeiny Hechavarria to bunt into a double play and Mallex Smith to fly out . Rays starter Alex Cobb took a three - hitter and two - run lead into the ninth	True
Other than allowing a trio of solo homers , Darvish was outstanding for the Rangers . The All-Star right-hander yielded five hits , walked one and struck out 12 over eight innings , yet was in line to drop a career-high fifth consecutive decision before the Rangers rallied against Cobb in the ninth	True
The Rays built their lead on homers by Brad Miller , Corey Dickerson and Smith , whose eighth-inning shot made it 3 - 1 . Things shifted quickly when manager Kevin Cash decided against turning the game over to closer Alex Colome , who leads the AL with 26 saves , to begin the ninth	True
Arizona stabilized itself by taking two of three in the series . The Diamondbacks had dropped eight of nine heading into the set , falling behind Colorado for the second NL wild-card spot . Lamb homered in the first inning off Luis Castillo ( 1 - 3 ) and again in the ninth	True
Corbin got a phone call informing him of the switch just as he was about to fall asleep . Corbin gave up seven hits , including Eugenio Suarez 's homer . The left-hander pitched out of a bases-loaded , no-outs threat in the fourth	True
Corbin gave up seven hits , including Eugenio Suarez 's homer . The left-hander pitched out of a bases-loaded , no-outs threat in the fourth to hold the lead . Suarez homered again off J. J. Hoover in the eighth	True
Odorizzi and two relievers combined on a two - hitter , and Tampa Bay beat Oakland 3 - 2 on Monday night . Odorizzi ( 6 - 4 ) bounced back from his worst start of the season and went seven innings while striking out five and walking two . He gave up his lone hit when Khris Davis hit his 26th home run in the fourth	True
Odorizzi ( 6 - 4 ) bounced back from his worst start of the season and went seven innings while striking out five and walking two . He gave up his lone hit when Khris Davis hit his 26th home run in the fourth but was otherwise dominant while not allowing another runner past first base . Tommy Hunter pitched the eighth	True
Steven Souza hit his 19th home run , Evan Longoria also went deep and reached base three times while Adeiny Hechavarria added two hits for the Rays , who won for the third time in four games since the All-Star break . Oakland pulled within 3 - 2 in the ninth	True
Steven Souza hit his 19th home run , Evan Longoria also went deep and reached base three times while Adeiny Hechavarria added two hits for the Rays , who won for the third time in four games since the All-Star break . Oakland pulled within 3 - 2 in the ninth when Yonder Alonso doubled , took third	False
The announced attendance of 9,736 was the smallest to see an A 's game at the Coliseum since they drew 9,193 against Texas on May 2 , 2011 . Souza homered leading off the second	True
The announced attendance of 9,736 was the smallest to see an A 's game at the Coliseum since they drew 9,193 against Texas on May 2 , 2011 . Souza homered leading off the second against A 's starter Daniel Gossett , his second	False
Souza homered leading off the second against A 's starter Daniel Gossett , his second in three days . Longoria singled in the first	True
Souza homered leading off the second against A 's starter Daniel Gossett , his second in three days . Longoria singled in the first to extend his hitting streak to 10 games . After driving in Mallex Smith with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third	True
Souza homered leading off the second against A 's starter Daniel Gossett , his second in three days . Longoria singled in the first to extend his hitting streak to 10 games . After driving in Mallex Smith with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third , Longoria hit a two - out home run in the fifth	True
Sanchez hit a no-doubt , two - run walk-off homer with one out in the ninth inning of Saturday night 's 5 - 3 win . His homer Sunday bounced off the top of the short wall in right-center with one out in the first	True
Sanchez hit a no-doubt , two - run walk-off homer with one out in the ninth inning of Saturday night 's 5 - 3 win . His homer Sunday bounced off the top of the short wall in right-center with one out in the first . Spangenberg 's shot went to straightaway center with one out in the third	True
His homer Sunday bounced off the top of the short wall in right-center with one out in the first . Spangenberg 's shot went to straightaway center with one out in the third . It was the fifth homer for Sanchez , who has only nine hits this season , and the sixth	False
The Giants remain mired in last place in the NL West and Samardzija ( 4 - 11 ) is tied with Colorado 's Tyler Chatwood for the most losses in the NL . He allowed seven runs on nine hits in six innings while striking out eight and walking none . Spangenberg also tripled in the third	True
Spangenberg also tripled in the third and scored on Erick Aybar 's double . San Francisco scored its run off Trevor Cahill ( 4 - 3 ) on consecutive doubles by Buster Posey and Brandon Crawford in the second	True
Brian Dozier homered and Eddie Rosario 's two - run double in the sixth inning lifted the Twins to the 4 - 2 victory . The game was tied entering the sixth	True
The game was tied entering the sixth when a walk by Miguel Sano and consecutive singles by Max Kepler and Robbie Grossman loaded the bases with no outs in the inning to chase starter Joe Musgrove ( 4 - 8 ) . He was replaced by Tony Sipp , who was greeted with the double by Rosario that put Minnesota up 4 - 2 . That ball was deflected by Sipp and rolled just out of reach of a diving Jose Altuve and into shallow right field . Ervin Santana ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five hits and two runs in six innings for the win and Brandon Kintzler pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Altuve hit a solo homer and Yuli Gurriel had two hits and an RBI for the Astros , who went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position a night after using an eight - run second inning to get a 10 - 5 win in the series opener . Carlos Correa walked to start the second	True
Carlos Correa walked to start the second and the Astros tied it 1 - 1 when he scored on a one - out double by Gurriel . Marwin Gonzalez walked after that before Alex Bregman drew a walk with two outs to load the bases . But Santana retired George Springer to escape the jam . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead when Altuve sent a fastball into the bullpen in right-center with no outs in the third	True
The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead when Altuve sent a fastball into the bullpen in right-center with no outs in the third for his 14th homer . Jorge Polanco singled to start the fifth	True
Jorge Polanco singled to start the fifth to snap an 0 - for - 22 skid before a walk by Jason Castro . Dozier singled to load the bases before Zack Granite grounded into a double play that allowed Polanco to score and make it 2 - 2 . Houston loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh	False
Rendon hit his second career grand slam and added a two - run homer , and the Washington Nationals overcame Scooter Gennett 's four - RBI night to hold on for a 10 - 7 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Saturday . Ryan Raburn homered to lead off the seventh	True
Rendon , who drove in 10 runs on April 30 against the Mets , reached base in all five of his plate appearances on Saturday . He has gotten on in 12 of his last 14 plate appearances on seven hits -- including two homers and two doubles -- and five walks . He extended his hitting streak to nine games , but he would n't say he was trying to prove he should have been on the All-Star team . The Reds bounced back for two runs in the eighth inning and five in the ninth	True
The Reds bounced back for two runs in the eighth inning and five in the ninth , three on Gennett 's 16th homer of the season , before Matt Grace got his second save in two nights . Gennett drove in 10 runs while hitting four home runs on June 6 against St. Louis . Washington 's Max Scherzer ( 11 - 5 ) , the National League 's strikeout leader , escaped trouble in the first	True
The Reds bounced back for two runs in the eighth inning and five in the ninth , three on Gennett 's 16th homer of the season , before Matt Grace got his second save in two nights . Gennett drove in 10 runs while hitting four home runs on June 6 against St. Louis . Washington 's Max Scherzer ( 11 - 5 ) , the National League 's strikeout leader , escaped trouble in the first and third innings . He allowed the first two batters to reach in both before getting the next three batters each time , striking out all three in the first	True
The Reds bounced back for two runs in the eighth inning and five in the ninth , three on Gennett 's 16th homer of the season , before Matt Grace got his second save in two nights . Gennett drove in 10 runs while hitting four home runs on June 6 against St. Louis . Washington 's Max Scherzer ( 11 - 5 ) , the National League 's strikeout leader , escaped trouble in the first and third innings . He allowed the first two batters to reach in both before getting the next three batters each time , striking out all three in the first and two out of three in the third	True
Bryce Harper had two hits , including a run-scoring single , to extend his hitting streak to 10 games . Reds right-hander Luis Castillo did n't allow a hit until Harper singled with one out in the fourth inning and scored from first	False
Reds right-hander Luis Castillo did n't allow a hit until Harper singled with one out in the fourth inning and scored from first on Daniel Murphy 's two - out double off the left-center field wall . Rendon followed with his 17th homer . Those were the only hits Castillo ( 1 - 2 ) allowed in six innings . He finished with four walks and six strikeouts . The Reds took advantage of Austin Adams ' eighth-inning control problems in his major league debut to snap their streak of consecutive scoreless innings at 19 . Adams walked two batters , one with the bases loaded , hit a third	True
PITTSBURGH -- With the winning run on second base as he stepped into the batter 's box in the bottom of the ninth	True
Bell finished 2 for 3 with four RBI . Frazier added three hits for Pittsburgh , and Gregory Polanco had two hits and an RBI . Felipe Rivero ( 4 - 2 ) retired the Cardinals on seven pitches in the top of the ninth	False
Cole put together a wildly inconsistent first half that mirrored the fortunes of his scuffling team . He came in allowing one run three times in his last seven starts , the same number of times he 's allowed seven runs over the same span . It looked as though it could be another bumpy outing in the first	True
It looked as though it could be another bumpy outing in the first when Gyorko sent a 3 - 2 slider into the seats in right-center field to give the Cardinals an early 2 - 0 lead . Cole settled down immediately , allowing just two more baserunners over six innings of work , striking out four without issuing a walk . Mike Leake was n't quite as crisp . He retired the Pirates in order just once in five innings , allowing an RBI single to Bell in the fourth	True
It looked as though it could be another bumpy outing in the first when Gyorko sent a 3 - 2 slider into the seats in right-center field to give the Cardinals an early 2 - 0 lead . Cole settled down immediately , allowing just two more baserunners over six innings of work , striking out four without issuing a walk . Mike Leake was n't quite as crisp . He retired the Pirates in order just once in five innings , allowing an RBI single to Bell in the fourth and another to Polanco in the fifth	True
Corey Seager also homered for the Dodgers ( 62 - 29 ) , were one strike from defeat three times before winning for the 27th time in the past 31 games . Starting the season 's second half , they climbed to 33 games above .500 for the first time this year . The Marlins led 4 - 3 when Joc Pederson singled on a 1 - 2 pitch with two out in the ninth	True
Puig fell behind 0 - 2 , took a ball and then pulled a 94-mph fastball into the home run sculpture . Ramos blew a save for the second time in 19 chances . The Dodgers improved to 30 - 6 with Puig batting eighth	False
Puig fell behind 0 - 2 , took a ball and then pulled a 94-mph fastball into the home run sculpture . Ramos blew a save for the second time in 19 chances . The Dodgers improved to 30 - 6 with Puig batting eighth . He 's second	False
Los Angeles starter Brandon McCarthy allowed four runs in 4 2/3 innings , but four relievers blanked Miami . Josh Fields ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Los Angeles starter Brandon McCarthy allowed four runs in 4 2/3 innings , but four relievers blanked Miami . Josh Fields ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth before the Dodgers ' rally , and Kenley Jansen earned his 22nd save with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Entire sections of empty seats returned to Marlins Park three days after the All-Star Game , with the ballpark barely half-full . Announced attendance was 21,858 . The Marlins took the lead with three runs in the fifth	True
Puig put the Dodgers ahead 2 - 1 when he hit a homer estimated at 449 feet on the first pitch of the fifth inning . With two out , Seager homered off the facade of the upper deck . Pederson doubled off the top of the wall leading off the second	True
Puig put the Dodgers ahead 2 - 1 when he hit a homer estimated at 449 feet on the first pitch of the fifth inning . With two out , Seager homered off the facade of the upper deck . Pederson doubled off the top of the wall leading off the second . With two out , second baseman Dee Gordon dropped a throw on a steal attempt , allowing Pederson to score from third	False
The Cubs were 53 - 35 at the break a year ago . Francisco Cervelli matched a career high with five RBI and Jordy Mercer drove in three runs as the Pirates closed out a 5 - 2 road trip with their fifth win in six games . All-Star Josh Harrison homered in the ninth	True
Francisco Cervelli matched a career high with five RBI and Jordy Mercer drove in three runs as the Pirates closed out a 5 - 2 road trip with their fifth win in six games . All-Star Josh Harrison homered in the ninth and Chad Kuhl pitched three innings of one - run ball in an emergency start after Jameson Taillon was scratched due to flu-like symptoms . Pittsburgh sent 15 batters to the plate in its highest-scoring inning since it got 10 in the seventh	True
Lester ( 5 - 6 ) was charged with four earned runs and six hits . He also struggled in his previous outing , allowing six runs in five innings in a loss to Tampa Bay on Tuesday . The left-hander was hurt by an error on third baseman Kris Bryant , who booted David Freese 's one - out grounder with runners on first	False
Lester ( 5 - 6 ) was charged with four earned runs and six hits . He also struggled in his previous outing , allowing six runs in five innings in a loss to Tampa Bay on Tuesday . The left-hander was hurt by an error on third baseman Kris Bryant , who booted David Freese 's one - out grounder with runners on first and second	False
The left-hander was hurt by an error on third baseman Kris Bryant , who booted David Freese 's one - out grounder with runners on first and second . Josh Bell then hit an RBI single , Jose Osuna doubled home two more runs and Mercer made it 5 - 0 with a two - run single . Kuhl allowed two hits and walked three on just two days ' rest after he pitched a career-high seven innings in a 6 - 3 win at Philadelphia on Thursday night . A. J. Schugel ( 1 - 0 ) , the second	False
Making his first appearance since May because of a blister on his pitching hand , Sanchez allowed a career-high eight runs in 1 2/3 innings . Houston 's Carlos Correa extended the longest active hitting streak in the majors to a career-high 15 with his 18th homer in the first inning . Evan Gattis added his seventh homer in the seventh	True
The support eased Charlie Morton 's ( 6 - 3 ) return to action . The right-hander , sidelined since May 24 with a right lat strain , gave Houston one - run ball over six innings , surrendering four hits to tie his season low . Troy Tulowitzki ended Morton 's shutout bid in the fifth	True
The support eased Charlie Morton 's ( 6 - 3 ) return to action . The right-hander , sidelined since May 24 with a right lat strain , gave Houston one - run ball over six innings , surrendering four hits to tie his season low . Troy Tulowitzki ended Morton 's shutout bid in the fifth with his sixth home run , a shot to center . Pinch-hitter Ezequiel Carrera added his sixth home run in the ninth	True
Yasiel Puig homered , Chase Utley notched his 1,000th career RBI , and the NL West-leading Dodgers beat the Royals 4 - 1 on Friday night in the opener of Kansas City 's first interleague visit to Los Angeles since 2003 . The Dodgers won their fourth	False
Los Angeles has won 12 of Maeda 's 16 starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
The Dodgers improved to a major league-best 37 - 11 at home . They got consecutive RBI singles from Logan Forsythe and Corey Seager in the fourth	True
They got consecutive RBI singles from Logan Forsythe and Corey Seager in the fourth to take a 2 - 1 lead . Maeda contributed one of their four singles in the inning and scored the go-ahead run on Seager 's hit . Puig hit his 16th homer off Jason Hammel ( 4 - 8 ) in the sixth	True
Puig hit his 16th homer off Jason Hammel ( 4 - 8 ) in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . The Dodgers extended the lead to 4 - 1 when Utley doubled to deep center field in the eighth	True
The third-place Royals , who trail first-place Cleveland by two games in the AL Central Division , had their four - game winning streak end . They were coming off a three - game sweep at Seattle . Kansas City 's lone run came on Alcides Escobar 's two - out RBI single in the fourth	True
Khris Davis hit a three - run homer , Blackburn pitched one - run ball into the eighth inning for his first major league victory and the Oakland Athletics beat the slumping Mariners 7 - 4 on Thursday night . Davis ' 24th homer propelled a four - run fifth inning that put the Athletics in front 7 - 0 . Marcus Semien , activated off the disabled list Thursday , singled to open the inning , and Yonder Alonso walked . Davis , who struck out in his first two at-bats , sent a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right-center to make it 6 - 0 . Bruce Maxwell added a two - out solo homer , his first	False
Davis ' 24th homer propelled a four - run fifth inning that put the Athletics in front 7 - 0 . Marcus Semien , activated off the disabled list Thursday , singled to open the inning , and Yonder Alonso walked . Davis , who struck out in his first two at-bats , sent a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right-center to make it 6 - 0 . Bruce Maxwell added a two - out solo homer , his first , to chase starter Sam Gaviglio ( 3 - 4 ) . The only run off Blackburn ( 1 - 0 ) was Mitch Haniger 's seventh home run , a solo shot in the fifth	True
Seattle has lost four straight and nine of 11 since reaching a season-best two games above .500 on June 23 . The Mariners pulled within 7 - 4 in the ninth	True
Seattle has lost four straight and nine of 11 since reaching a season-best two games above .500 on June 23 . The Mariners pulled within 7 - 4 in the ninth on a three - run homer by Valencia , his ninth	False
Gaviglio was tagged for seven runs and nine hits in 4 2/3 innings in losing his third consecutive start . He walked three and struck out six . The Athletics jumped on Gaviglio for three runs in the first	True
The Athletics jumped on Gaviglio for three runs in the first . Matt Joyce singled , Semien walked and Alonso doubled to make it 1 - 0 . After Davis struck out , Jed Lowrie one - hopped a two - run double off the wall in right-center . Blackburn , who pitched at Double-A for Seattle last season , was aided by double plays in each of the first two innings , followed by a pair of baserunning blunders by the Mariners . Haniger doubled to open the third	True
The Athletics jumped on Gaviglio for three runs in the first . Matt Joyce singled , Semien walked and Alonso doubled to make it 1 - 0 . After Davis struck out , Jed Lowrie one - hopped a two - run double off the wall in right-center . Blackburn , who pitched at Double-A for Seattle last season , was aided by double plays in each of the first two innings , followed by a pair of baserunning blunders by the Mariners . Haniger doubled to open the third , but then was thrown out at third base trying to advance on a fly out to center . In the fourth	True
The Athletics jumped on Gaviglio for three runs in the first . Matt Joyce singled , Semien walked and Alonso doubled to make it 1 - 0 . After Davis struck out , Jed Lowrie one - hopped a two - run double off the wall in right-center . Blackburn , who pitched at Double-A for Seattle last season , was aided by double plays in each of the first two innings , followed by a pair of baserunning blunders by the Mariners . Haniger doubled to open the third , but then was thrown out at third base trying to advance on a fly out to center . In the fourth , Jean Segura singled to lead off , but he was picked off first	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Andrew Cashner did n't have to dodge any broken bats , and finally gave up a hit only after an error kept an inning alive for Boston . Cashner held the hot-hitting Red Sox hitless into the sixth	True
Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) was wild into the third inning , then retired 10 straight batters before first baseman Pete Kozma 's error on a dropped throw kept the sixth going . The next batter , Xander Bogaerts , ended the no-hit bid with a two - run homer just over the 14-foot wall in left field . Kozma had just entered the game at first	False
Cashner ( 4 - 7 ) was wild into the third inning , then retired 10 straight batters before first baseman Pete Kozma 's error on a dropped throw kept the sixth going . The next batter , Xander Bogaerts , ended the no-hit bid with a two - run homer just over the 14-foot wall in left field . Kozma had just entered the game at first after pinch-hitting in the fifth	True
Boston , which had at least 10 hits and six runs in every game during the winning streak , missed a chance to be the first team to sweep a season series of more than three games against the Rangers since they moved to Texas in 1972 . The Red Sox won the first five meetings this year . After a delay of nearly 90 minutes to start the game , Odor 's 16th homer put Texas ahead 2 - 0 in the second	True
Boston , which had at least 10 hits and six runs in every game during the winning streak , missed a chance to be the first team to sweep a season series of more than three games against the Rangers since they moved to Texas in 1972 . The Red Sox won the first five meetings this year . After a delay of nearly 90 minutes to start the game , Odor 's 16th homer put Texas ahead 2 - 0 in the second . Carlos Gomez had a solo shot , his 12th	False
Boston , which had at least 10 hits and six runs in every game during the winning streak , missed a chance to be the first team to sweep a season series of more than three games against the Rangers since they moved to Texas in 1972 . The Red Sox won the first five meetings this year . After a delay of nearly 90 minutes to start the game , Odor 's 16th homer put Texas ahead 2 - 0 in the second . Carlos Gomez had a solo shot , his 12th , in the third	True
Doug Fister ( 0 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- four earned -- over 3 2/3 innings in his third start since Boston claimed him off waivers from the Los Angeles Angels last month . Profar had two doubles , including a two - run liner to right-center for an 8 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Kansas City starter Danny Duffy ( 5 - 4 ) returned after spending a month on the disabled list and allowed just two first-inning runs . Nelson Cruz had a two - run single off the wall in right-center field in the first inning -- missing his first home run in a month by a matter of inches -- but Duffy allowed just one other runner to reach third base pitching into the sixth	True
Nelson Cruz had a two - run single off the wall in right-center field in the first inning -- missing his first home run in a month by a matter of inches -- but Duffy allowed just one other runner to reach third base pitching into the sixth . The lefty had been on the DL since late May with an oblique strain , but scattered five hits and struck out four . Jean Segura had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Nelson Cruz had a two - run single off the wall in right-center field in the first inning -- missing his first home run in a month by a matter of inches -- but Duffy allowed just one other runner to reach third base pitching into the sixth . The lefty had been on the DL since late May with an oblique strain , but scattered five hits and struck out four . Jean Segura had an RBI single in the seventh to pull within 6 - 3 , helped along by first baseman Eric Hosmer 's throwing error that put runners on second	False
Nelson Cruz had a two - run single off the wall in right-center field in the first inning -- missing his first home run in a month by a matter of inches -- but Duffy allowed just one other runner to reach third base pitching into the sixth . The lefty had been on the DL since late May with an oblique strain , but scattered five hits and struck out four . Jean Segura had an RBI single in the seventh to pull within 6 - 3 , helped along by first baseman Eric Hosmer 's throwing error that put runners on second and third	False
Rockies lefty Kyle Freeland ( 8 - 7 ) struggled early before settling down . He gave up five runs over 5 1/3 innings in his third straight loss . Hamilton quickly rebounded from a stiff lower back . Price said his speedy outfielder arrived at the park early Tuesday , took some treatment , hit in the cage and was pronounced fit to play . Hamilton had two hits , including his two - run single in the second	True
In the third inning , Peraza 's blooper dropped in for a run-scoring single after left fielder Raimel Tapia momentarily hesitated . Possibly sensing some frustration from Freeland , Black sauntered to the mound , told everyone to stay away and had a one - on-one conversation with his pitcher . Whatever Black said -- he would n't elaborate -- momentarily did the trick . Freeland retired eight straight , including a diving catch by Tapia , before Peraza 's homer in the sixth	True
One week after getting swept by the A 's at home , the White Sox jumped on Oakland starter Jharel Cotton early and got strong pitching from Rodon and two relievers to make it hold up before a crowd of 40,019 -- the largest to watch a baseball game at the Coliseum in nearly 12 years . Rodon ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs over 6 1/3 innings and came within one shy of his career high with 10 strikeouts in his second start after missing nearly the first three months of the season on the disabled list with bursitis in his left bicep . Rodon gave up a two - run double to Adam Rosales in the second	True
Betts hit two home runs and matched a career-high with eight RBI as Boston routed Toronto 15 - 1 on Sunday . He went 4 for 6 as AL East-leading Boston won for the sixth time in seven games , completing the three - game sweep . He hit an RBI single in the second	True
Betts hit two home runs and matched a career-high with eight RBI as Boston routed Toronto 15 - 1 on Sunday . He went 4 for 6 as AL East-leading Boston won for the sixth time in seven games , completing the three - game sweep . He hit an RBI single in the second , a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Betts hit two home runs and matched a career-high with eight RBI as Boston routed Toronto 15 - 1 on Sunday . He went 4 for 6 as AL East-leading Boston won for the sixth time in seven games , completing the three - game sweep . He hit an RBI single in the second , a three - run homer in the fourth , a two - run blast in the sixth	True
Betts hit two home runs and matched a career-high with eight RBI as Boston routed Toronto 15 - 1 on Sunday . He went 4 for 6 as AL East-leading Boston won for the sixth time in seven games , completing the three - game sweep . He hit an RBI single in the second , a three - run homer in the fourth , a two - run blast in the sixth , and a two - run single in the seventh	False
Fernando Abad pitched the final three innings for his first save . Tzu-Wei Lin and Deven Marrero reached on consecutive bunt singles to begin the fourth	True
The rookie from Canada allowed one hit in seven impressive innings for his second career win , and the Philadelphia Phillies halted New York 's four - game winning streak with a 7 - 1 victory Sunday . Maikel Franco hit a two - run double in a four - run second aided by a pair of sacrifice bunts . Rookie catcher Andrew Knapp added an RBI single and dashed home from second	False
But the highlight was Pivetta . Making his 10th big league start , Pivetta ( 2 - 4 ) permitted only T. J. Rivera 's home run on an 81 mph slider with one out in the fifth	True
New York had won seven of eight since getting swept in four games at Dodger Stadium . But the Mets ( 38 - 43 ) played a haphazard game Sunday heading into a three - game series at NL East-leading Washington . Tommy Joseph and Nick Williams opened the second	True
Ty Kelly sacrificed and Franco scored when Knapp singled sharply past drawn-in second baseman Asdrubal Cabrera . After a sacrifice by Pivetta , Montero ( 1 - 5 ) threw a wild pitch that ricocheted off the foot of plate umpire Ramon De Jesus and bounced away . Mets catcher Rene Rivera had no idea where the ball went , and Knapp never broke stride as he rounded third	False
By the time he tracked down the ball near the Phillies ' on-deck circle , Knapp was sliding home ahead of an off-target throw . A replay reversal and some clumsy defense helped Philadelphia score three times in the eighth	True
`` When you score eight runs , you 've got to win the ballgame , '' lamented Orioles starter Jeremy Hellickson , who gave up seven runs , seven hits and four walks in 4 2/3 innings . Morales hit a two - run homer in the third	True
`` When you score eight runs , you 've got to win the ballgame , '' lamented Orioles starter Jeremy Hellickson , who gave up seven runs , seven hits and four walks in 4 2/3 innings . Morales hit a two - run homer in the third , an RBI single in a five - run fifth	True
`` When you score eight runs , you 've got to win the ballgame , '' lamented Orioles starter Jeremy Hellickson , who gave up seven runs , seven hits and four walks in 4 2/3 innings . Morales hit a two - run homer in the third , an RBI single in a five - run fifth , added a three - run drive in the sixth	True
`` When you score eight runs , you 've got to win the ballgame , '' lamented Orioles starter Jeremy Hellickson , who gave up seven runs , seven hits and four walks in 4 2/3 innings . Morales hit a two - run homer in the third , an RBI single in a five - run fifth , added a three - run drive in the sixth and concluded his big night with a solo shot in the eighth	True
Morales hit a two - run homer in the third , an RBI single in a five - run fifth , added a three - run drive in the sixth and concluded his big night with a solo shot in the eighth . It was his second career three - homer game . The first	False
Marco Estrada ( 7 - 8 ) improved to 6 - 1 lifetime against Baltimore despite allowing six runs and 10 hits in five ragged innings . Roberto Osuna retired Jones on a groundout with two runs in , two on and two outs in the eighth	True
Marco Estrada ( 7 - 8 ) improved to 6 - 1 lifetime against Baltimore despite allowing six runs and 10 hits in five ragged innings . Roberto Osuna retired Jones on a groundout with two runs in , two on and two outs in the eighth . The right-hander also worked the ninth	True
Roberto Osuna retired Jones on a groundout with two runs in , two on and two outs in the eighth . The right-hander also worked the ninth for his 35th save . Jones hit his 26th home run in the first inning with a man on , and Tim Beckham hit an RBI single in the second	True
Jones hit his 26th home run in the first inning with a man on , and Tim Beckham hit an RBI single in the second for a 3 - 0 lead . Morales answered in the third	True
Morales answered in the third , but Baltimore got a run-scoring groundout from Davis and an RBI single by Mark Trumbo in the bottom half . The momentum turned in the fifth	True
The momentum turned in the fifth , when Toronto sent nine batters and used two - run doubles by Miguel Montero and Kevin Pillar to go up 7 - 5 . Davis hit a solo shot in the bottom half , but Morales expanded the margin to five runs by connecting off Mychal Givens in the sixth	True
The momentum turned in the fifth , when Toronto sent nine batters and used two - run doubles by Miguel Montero and Kevin Pillar to go up 7 - 5 . Davis hit a solo shot in the bottom half , but Morales expanded the margin to five runs by connecting off Mychal Givens in the sixth and again in the eighth	False
Instead , Kansas City is staggering home in the midst of the longest scoring drought -- now at 34 innings -- in team history . Francisco Lindor hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Francisco Lindor hit a two - run homer in the second off Eric Skoglund ( 1 - 2 ) before Carlos Santana connected for a three - run shot against Onelki Garcia . Gomes capped Cleveland 's biggest inning this season with his drive off the reliever , who was promoted from the minors Saturday and made his first major league appearance since 2013 . Carrasco followed strong starts by Ryan Merritt and Mike Clevinger in shutting down the Royals . Of course , it helped that he took the mound in the third	True
And while the Indians have bigger goals that winning their division , manager Terry Francona said it was good to open some distance over a dangerous team . The Indians showed no mercy in the second	True
Coming into the day , Gray was 1 - 7 with a 6.57 ERA in 13 road starts since Aug. 12 , 2016 . The right-hander said he hopes he has moved past that streak of road struggles . Gray was pulled after Matt Adams ' leadoff single in the seventh	True
Gray was pulled after Matt Adams ' leadoff single in the seventh . Pat Neshek gave up a single to Ozzie Albies but escaped the jam when pinch hitter Matt Kemp bounced into a double play . Jake McGee worked the ninth	True
Jake McGee worked the ninth for his third save . He also saved Colorado 's 7 - 6 victory on Saturday night . Mike Foltynewicz ( 10 - 10 ) lost his fourth straight start despite allowing only one run and four hits in five innings . Parra led off the second	True
Mike Foltynewicz ( 10 - 10 ) lost his fourth straight start despite allowing only one run and four hits in five innings . Parra led off the second with a single to right field and scored on Story 's one - out double to left . Parra also led off the sixth	True
The loss dropped Texas three games behind Minnesota for the second AL wild card . Griffin ( 6 - 5 ) beat the A 's on April 17 but did n't last long against them this time . He allowed three runs on five hits , struck out three and walked three before Banister pulled him after a one - out double by Bruce Maxwell in the fourth	True
Texas is scheduled to begin a three - game series against the Astros in Houston on Tuesday , but those plans were on hold because of severe flooding resulting from Hurricane Harvey . The Rangers will fly to Dallas -- as will the Astros -- until Major League Baseball figures out what to do . Choo 's home run marked the first time someone other than Adrian Beltre had an RBI against the A 's in the series . Elvis Andrus added a run-scoring single in the eighth	True
Blake Treinen retired five batters for his seventh save . Matt Olson , the A 's rookie first baseman who spent most of the year in the minors , hit his ninth home run in 35 games off Griffin in the second	True
Blake Treinen retired five batters for his seventh save . Matt Olson , the A 's rookie first baseman who spent most of the year in the minors , hit his ninth home run in 35 games off Griffin in the second . Two pitches later , Matt Chapman connected for his 10th	False
This year , his big hitting in the Grapefruit League was wiped out by setbacks that threatened to turn his whole season into a big bust . Now , he 's ready to break loose . Bird walked his first time up and tried to score from second	False
Gray struck out nine . In his previous outing , he threw five innings against Boston in his first career appearance without fanning anyone . Starlin Castro hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
Starlin Castro hit a two - run single in the seventh for a 6 - 1 lead . Kyle Seager and Guillermo Heredia had RBI singles in the Seattle eighth	True
Kyle Seager and Guillermo Heredia had RBI singles in the Seattle eighth . Pinch-hitter Robinson Cano grounded out against Tommy Kahnle to end the inning . Dellin Betances pitched the ninth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Tommy Pham knew he had a walk-off homer in him . So did his manager . Pham 's two - run homer in the ninth led the St. Louis Cardinals to a 6 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Saturday . It was Pham 's first career walk-off homer and the fourth	False
Boxberger consoled himself with the fact that he did n't hang the slider to Pham . The Cardinals tied it at 4 in the eighth	True
Boxberger consoled himself with the fact that he did n't hang the slider to Pham . The Cardinals tied it at 4 in the eighth with two runs off Tampa Bay 's bullpen . Yadier Molina 's two - out , run-scoring single in the eighth	False
The Cardinals tied it at 4 in the eighth with two runs off Tampa Bay 's bullpen . Yadier Molina 's two - out , run-scoring single in the eighth off Tommy Hunter scored Pham , and singles by Jedd Gyorko and Stephen Piscotty loaded the bases . Boxberger relieved Hunter and gave up an RBI single to Kolten Wong . Tyler Lyons ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the ninth	True
Mike Leake , who was in danger of losing his spot in the rotation as the Cardinals waited until Friday to announce he would start Saturday , also went seven innings , allowing all four of his runs on three homers . Lucas Duda hit a two - out , two - run homer to center in the first	True
Lucas Duda hit a two - out , two - run homer to center in the first to drive in Evan Longoria . Duda has three homers in 10 at-bats against Leake . Corey Dickerson notched his career-high 25th homer with two outs in the fifth	True
Dickerson misplayed three balls in left , but only one was called for an error . The Rays had played nine straight errorless games before the miscue . Paul DeJong got St. Louis on the board with an RBI triple in the sixth	True
Paul DeJong got St. Louis on the board with an RBI triple in the sixth after Dickerson allowed the ball to carom past him in left . Two batters later , Molina lifted a short fly to left , and Dickerson waved his arms to indicate he could n't see it . Center fielder Kevin Kiermaier raced over and dove , almost making the play . Molina ended up with a run-scoring double . Adeiny Hechavarria put the Rays ahead 4 - 2 in the seventh	False
Boston lost two straight for the first time in a month as injuries continued to mount for the AL East leaders . And once again , a slide by Orioles star Manny Machado hurt a Red Sox second baseman . Two nights after losing center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. to a sprained thumb , utilityman Eduardo Nunez exited in the second inning with a left wrist and thumb sprain after he was brushed by Machado on a hard slide into second	False
Jeremy Hellickson ( 8 - 7 ) allowed four hits and three runs over seven innings to pick up his second win in an Orioles uniform . With the loss Rick Porcello ( 8 - 15 ) snapped a string of four straight wins , surrendering a career-high 11 runs off nine hits before getting pulled in the fifth	True
This followed fellow outfielder Michael Conforto 's dislocation and tear of his left shoulder Thursday against Arizona . Both injuries came after a relentless string of bumps , bruises and worse that have helped derail New York 's season . DeGrom ( 14 - 7 ) allowed one run on five hits . Working with his best fastball on the season , He upped his strikeout total to 201 this season by fanning the side in the seventh	True
Washington came close to rallying against Mets closer AJ Ramos after trailing 4 - 1 after eight innings . Adam Lind homered in the ninth	True
Adam Lind homered in the ninth off Ramos , who then loaded the bases with one out on a hit and two walks . Anthony Rendon took a base on balls after his deep drive into the left field corner hooked foul shy of the fair pole . Ramos retired Howie Kendrick and Andrew Stevenson to earn his 24th save in 26 opportunities . New York 's Matt Reynolds and Dominic Smith drove in runs during the eighth	True
The NL East-leading Nationals returned home following a 5 - 2 road trip that concluded with an 11-inning win at Houston on Thursday night . DeGrom allowed 10 runs in 13 2/3 innings over his previous two starts , both losses . Against the Nationals , `` Jake '' kept Washington scoreless until Adrian Sanchez 's two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
DeGrom allowed 10 runs in 13 2/3 innings over his previous two starts , both losses . Against the Nationals , `` Jake '' kept Washington scoreless until Adrian Sanchez 's two - out RBI single in the eighth . New York scored in the first	True
New York scored in the first on Asdrubal `` Chiquitin '' Cabrera 's RBI single . Smith 's grounder up the middle could have driven in another run , but the ball caromed off second base umpire Andy Fletcher , who immediately ruled the play dead . Cespedes pulled up while rounding third	False
New York scored in the first on Asdrubal `` Chiquitin '' Cabrera 's RBI single . Smith 's grounder up the middle could have driven in another run , but the ball caromed off second base umpire Andy Fletcher , who immediately ruled the play dead . Cespedes pulled up while rounding third on the play . He immediately began hobbling and struggled to put weight on his right leg until reaching home plate . Reynolds replaced Cespedes and returned to third	False
Stratton 's scoreless streak is the longest by a Giants rookie starter since Chris Heston 's 16 1/3 innings from July 1 - 12 , 2015 . The Giants earned their first home shutout of the year , the last team in the majors to do so . Stratton took a liner off his left glute by Brewers starter Zach Davies ( 14 - 7 ) in the fifth	True
Davies allowed seven hits and two runs , struck out five and walked two in six innings . He took his first road defeat of the season after a 7 - 0 start , dropping to just 14 - 4 away from home for his career . The Brewers ' best chance came in the fourth	True
Sam Dyson finished for his 11th save in 12 chances as the Giants beat the Brewers for the 16th time in 20 games , going 10 - 1 at home . San Francisco stranded baserunners on second	False
Sam Dyson finished for his 11th save in 12 chances as the Giants beat the Brewers for the 16th time in 20 games , going 10 - 1 at home . San Francisco stranded baserunners on second in each of the first two innings before finally getting to Davies in the fourth	True
The game will be held at the home of the Williamsport Crosscutters , the Philadelphia Phillies ' affiliate in the Class A New York-Penn League . Following the rain delay in the second	True
The game will be held at the home of the Williamsport Crosscutters , the Philadelphia Phillies ' affiliate in the Class A New York-Penn League . Following the rain delay in the second , Frazier and Starling Marte hit two - run homers in a five - run inning . Pinch-hitter Jose Osuna homered in the sixth	True
Following the rain delay in the second , Frazier and Starling Marte hit two - run homers in a five - run inning . Pinch-hitter Jose Osuna homered in the sixth . The Cardinals scored 11 runs in each of their two wins to start this series . Paul DeJong hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Following the rain delay in the second , Frazier and Starling Marte hit two - run homers in a five - run inning . Pinch-hitter Jose Osuna homered in the sixth . The Cardinals scored 11 runs in each of their two wins to start this series . Paul DeJong hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Jose Martinez homered in the ninth	False
Michael Wacha ( 9 - 6 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in four innings . Wacha retired the side in order in the first	True
Michael Wacha ( 9 - 6 ) was tagged for five runs and seven hits in four innings . Wacha retired the side in order in the first , but the Pirates scored five times in the second	True
Four games behind first-place Boston in the AL East , the Yankees begin a three - game series Friday night at Fenway Park . The Red Sox took two of three last weekend when the longtime rivals played at Yankee Stadium . Sanchez hit a three - run homer off struggling starter Steven Matz in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Sanchez hit a three - run homer off struggling starter Steven Matz in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth . Brett Gardner broke his 3 - for - 29 slump with a two - run double , and the Yankees won twice at Citi Field just as they did back home in the Bronx earlier this week . Curtis Granderson hit his seventh career grand slam off Bryan Mitchell in the ninth	True
Since interleague play began in 1997 , it was the third time one team swept the season series between these New York counterparts . The Yankees won all six meetings in 2003 , and the Mets went 4 - 0 in 2013 . Severino ( 10 - 5 ) was working on a two - hit shutout with one out in the seventh	True
Matz was his own worst enemy Thursday , throwing away Gardner 's easy grounder for a two - base error to begin the game . Aaron Hicks walked and , after Judge struck out for the 34th consecutive game , Sanchez hit his third home run against the Mets ( 53 - 66 ) this week . Severino 's bunt single in the fourth	True
Mazara had five RBI , including a tiebreaking three - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Rangers held on to beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 8 on Thursday night . The Rangers ( 60 - 60 ) reached .500 for the first time since July 15 with their fourth straight win and seventh	False
Mazara 's 16th home run capped the Rangers ' second four - run inning , which included two injury replacements on the mound for the White Sox in their fifth straight loss . Chicago , carrying the AL 's worst record , dropped to 7 - 24 since the All-Star break . The White Sox twice pulled within a run late after trailing 8 - 5 , including in the ninth	True
Mazara 's 16th home run capped the Rangers ' second four - run inning , which included two injury replacements on the mound for the White Sox in their fifth straight loss . Chicago , carrying the AL 's worst record , dropped to 7 - 24 since the All-Star break . The White Sox twice pulled within a run late after trailing 8 - 5 , including in the ninth on Jose Abreu 's 23rd homer , a solo shot . But Alex Claudio finished a two - inning save for the left-hander 's sixth	False
The White Sox twice pulled within a run late after trailing 8 - 5 , including in the ninth on Jose Abreu 's 23rd homer , a solo shot . But Alex Claudio finished a two - inning save for the left-hander 's sixth of the season . Chris Beck replaced starter Reynaldo Lopez in the fifth	True
Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 4 - 2 ) retired all five batters he faced after starter Tyson Ross walked a season-high six and allowed five runs in 4 1/3 innings . Chicago pitchers walked a season-high nine . Rangers backup catcher Brett Nicholas had his second homer in two starts , a two - run shot in the third	True
Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 4 - 2 ) retired all five batters he faced after starter Tyson Ross walked a season-high six and allowed five runs in 4 1/3 innings . Chicago pitchers walked a season-high nine . Rangers backup catcher Brett Nicholas had his second homer in two starts , a two - run shot in the third , and a bases-loaded walk in the seventh	True
Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 4 - 2 ) retired all five batters he faced after starter Tyson Ross walked a season-high six and allowed five runs in 4 1/3 innings . Chicago pitchers walked a season-high nine . Rangers backup catcher Brett Nicholas had his second homer in two starts , a two - run shot in the third , and a bases-loaded walk in the seventh . Mazara had a two - run single later in the third	True
Then , about an hour later , the Cubs increased their NL Central lead the same way . Javier Baez scored on a wild pitch in the bottom of the ninth	True
Javier Baez scored on a wild pitch in the bottom of the ninth to cap a wild 7 - 6 win over the Cincinnati Reds , in which the Cubs almost squandered a grand slam by Anthony Rizzo in the first inning and another strong start by John Lackey because of three home runs allowed by the bullpen . Baez opened the bottom of the ninth	False
Cincinnati 's Joey Votto had his streak of reaching base at least twice in a game come to an end . Votto did reach once but he fell one game shy of tying Ted Williams ' record of 21 straight games . Wade Davis ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The third grand slam of Rizzo 's career came after both teams loaded the bases with their first three batters of the game . The Reds managed just one run in the top of the first	True
Lackey also caught Reds starter Homer Bailey not paying attention to him on the bases for his first career steal in the fourth inning after he singled . He was later picked off second base after straying following a walk by Zobrist . Added Maddon : `` It was cute , until he got picked off second	False
Two batters later , Zack Cozart 's home run off Rondon made it 6 - 4 , forcing Maddon to insert Brian Duensing in the game . He got Votto to ground out , ending the rally and Votto 's chance at history . Votto singled in the first	True
Votto singled in the first but took Lackey to the warning track in the third inning before the pitcher snared a line drive up the middle in the fifth inning to retire the first baseman . Votto would have led off the 10th	True
Coming off disappointing back-to-back series against two of the NL 's best teams , the Diamondbacks had five doubles , including three set up by aggressive baserunning . Ketel Marte had one to drive in a run off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 2 ) in the second inning and J. D. Martinez had another off the right-hander in the sixth	True
Ketel Marte had one to drive in a run off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 2 ) in the second inning and J. D. Martinez had another off the right-hander in the sixth . The bullpen did its job , with Jorge De La Rosa and Archie Bradley bridging the game to closer Fernando Rodney , who worked around an infield single in the ninth	True
The Brewers have lost five straight games , are 7 - 17 since July 16 and fell into third place in the NL Central with the loss . Rookie Alan Busenitz ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of relief for his first major league win . He was the first	False
Milwaukee starter Zach Davies ( 13 - 6 ) allowed seven runs , six earned , a career-high 11 hits and two walks while striking out three in 5 2/3 innings . The right-hander struggled after allowing just three earned runs and 19 hits over 28 2/3 innings his past four starts . Mauer came into the game in a 1 - for - 20 slump . He went 3 for 5 with singles in the third	True
Milwaukee starter Zach Davies ( 13 - 6 ) allowed seven runs , six earned , a career-high 11 hits and two walks while striking out three in 5 2/3 innings . The right-hander struggled after allowing just three earned runs and 19 hits over 28 2/3 innings his past four starts . Mauer came into the game in a 1 - for - 20 slump . He went 3 for 5 with singles in the third , fourth	True
Mauer came into the game in a 1 - for - 20 slump . He went 3 for 5 with singles in the third , fourth and sixth innings . Buxton was 6 for 27 since returning from the disabled list on Aug. 1 . He was 3 for 4 with singles in the second	True
Mauer came into the game in a 1 - for - 20 slump . He went 3 for 5 with singles in the third , fourth and sixth innings . Buxton was 6 for 27 since returning from the disabled list on Aug. 1 . He was 3 for 4 with singles in the second , third	True
Buxton was 6 for 27 since returning from the disabled list on Aug. 1 . He was 3 for 4 with singles in the second , third and fifth innings , his first multi-hit game since July 6 . The Twins scored three runs in the second	True
The Twins scored three runs in the second and third innings off Davies . Minnesota strung together four consecutive hits to open the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Keon Broxton homered with two outs in the second	True
Keon Broxton homered with two outs in the second , his 16th , for Milwaukee to make it 3 - 1 . The homer snapped a 15-inning scoreless streak for the Brewers . Mauer led off the third	True
Trout reached another milestone and hit another homer on his 26th birthday , but Machado hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the seventh inning of the Baltimore Orioles ' 6 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Monday night . After surviving a pregame shower of eggs , cream , shampoo and various unmentionables from his teammates , Trout doubled in the fourth inning to become the 11th player with 1,000 hits in an Angels uniform . The two - time AL MVP then tied it in the sixth	True
Rosario doubled home the tying run in the seventh inning , and his aggressive base running caused Drake to balk home the winning run as the Twins defeated the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 4 on Monday night . Rosario 's double drove in Eduardo Escobar from first base with nobody out . Two batters later , Rosario was at third	False
After the game , Counsell did n't second-guess the decision to stick with the shift and leave room for Rosario to distract Drake . Buddy Boshers ( 1 - 0 ) retired one batter in the seventh	True
After the game , Counsell did n't second-guess the decision to stick with the shift and leave room for Rosario to distract Drake . Buddy Boshers ( 1 - 0 ) retired one batter in the seventh to earn the victory in relief of starter Ervin Santana . Matt Belisle pitched the ninth	True
Buddy Boshers ( 1 - 0 ) retired one batter in the seventh to earn the victory in relief of starter Ervin Santana . Matt Belisle pitched the ninth to earn his second save in as many days for the Twins , who traded All-Star closer Brandon Kintzler to the Washington Nationals on July 31 . The Twins rallied from a 5 - 0 first-inning deficit to beat the Rangers on Sunday , and they put themselves in a 4 - 1 hole on Monday in the top of the fourth	True
Keon Broxton homered , doubled and drove in two runs for the Brewers , who began the day a half-game behind the Chicago Cubs for first place in the NL Central . Twins shortstop Jorge Polanco , whose two - out error in the third led to two unearned runs , had a career-high four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth	True
Leadoff man Michael Conforto , Wilmer Flores and Curtis Granderson homered in the first inning off Dodgers lefty Rich Hill , the NL pitcher of the month for July . Mets starter Seth Lugo held Los Angeles hitless until the fifth	True
Mets starter Seth Lugo held Los Angeles hitless until the fifth , but it did n't last . Taylor homered leading off the sixth	True
Taylor homered leading off the sixth , connecting in a third straight game for the first time in his career . One out later , Turner singled and Bellinger nearly went down to one knee to lift his 31st homer over the right-center fence , tying it at 3 . Puig hit his 21st of the season leading off the seventh	True
Taylor homered leading off the sixth , connecting in a third straight game for the first time in his career . One out later , Turner singled and Bellinger nearly went down to one knee to lift his 31st homer over the right-center fence , tying it at 3 . Puig hit his 21st of the season leading off the seventh against Paul Sewald ( 0 - 4 ) , lining a laser shot to left for his second	False
Taylor homered leading off the sixth , connecting in a third straight game for the first time in his career . One out later , Turner singled and Bellinger nearly went down to one knee to lift his 31st homer over the right-center fence , tying it at 3 . Puig hit his 21st of the season leading off the seventh against Paul Sewald ( 0 - 4 ) , lining a laser shot to left for his second in two games . Turner sent a solo shot to center off Sewald in the eighth	True
Taylor homered leading off the sixth , connecting in a third straight game for the first time in his career . One out later , Turner singled and Bellinger nearly went down to one knee to lift his 31st homer over the right-center fence , tying it at 3 . Puig hit his 21st of the season leading off the seventh against Paul Sewald ( 0 - 4 ) , lining a laser shot to left for his second in two games . Turner sent a solo shot to center off Sewald in the eighth , and Seager added a two - run drive into the second deck in right field against Fernando Salas in the ninth	False
The five home runs equaled a season high for Los Angeles , delighting plenty of vocal Dodgers fans in the Citi Field crowd of 40,060 . Brandon Morrow ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a hitless sixth	True
Brandon Morrow ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a hitless sixth for the win . Rene Rivera homered in the bottom of the ninth	False
DENVER -- Kyle Freeland lasted just three batters before leaving with a strained left groin . The Rockies ' relievers kept them in the game until the hitters could win it . Five relievers teamed up to help overcome the loss of Freeland , and Colorado got a game-tying homer from Nolan Arenado in the seventh inning and a go-ahead RBI single by D. J. LeMahieu in the eighth	True
There 's still no word on Freeland 's status for his next start . Freeland , who recorded one out before being forced out , was receiving treatment after the game and unavailable for comment . Chris Rusin was the first	False
Chris Rusin was the first of the five relievers used by the Rockies . Greg Holland finished up by getting three outs for his 34th save , the most for a Rockies pitcher in 12 years . With the score tied at 3 , Valaika started the eighth	True
LeMahieu said he was n't bothered that the Phillies walked Blackmon to get to him . The Phillies took a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Murphy hit two home runs to back Tanner Roark , and the Washington Nationals won the opener of a series between division leaders by beating the Chicago Cubs 4 - 2 on a chilly Friday afternoon . With the game-time temperature at 63 , Murphy hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Murphy hit two home runs to back Tanner Roark , and the Washington Nationals won the opener of a series between division leaders by beating the Chicago Cubs 4 - 2 on a chilly Friday afternoon . With the game-time temperature at 63 , Murphy hit a two - run homer in the first and connected off Kyle Hendricks leading off the sixth	True
Counting the postseason , Murphy is 20 for 38 with four home runs in his last 10 games at Wrigley . With the Mets in the 2015 NL Championship Series , he hit two homers in Chicago and four overall to help New York sweep . Roark ( 9 - 7 ) did n't allow a run until Javier Baez chased him with a two - run homer with one out in the seventh	True
Chicago has lost three straight after winning 14 of 17 following the All-Star break . After giving up three homers to Arizona 's Paul Goldschmidt on Thursday , the Cubs got pounded by Murphy this time . He hit a two - run shot halfway up the bleachers in right-center in the first	True
Chicago has lost three straight after winning 14 of 17 following the All-Star break . After giving up three homers to Arizona 's Paul Goldschmidt on Thursday , the Cubs got pounded by Murphy this time . He hit a two - run shot halfway up the bleachers in right-center in the first and went the opposite way in the sixth	True
He hit a two - run shot halfway up the bleachers in right-center in the first and went the opposite way in the sixth , driving his 19th home run to left-center . That gave him two multi-homer games this season and five in his career . After Baez cut the lead to one in the seventh	True
After Baez cut the lead to one in the seventh with his 15th home run , Brian Kintzler got the final two outs of the inning . Anthony Rendon hit a sacrifice fly against Carl Edwards Jr. in the eighth	True
Broxton drove in the go-ahead run and saved a run with a leaping catch , Matt Garza made a strong start in his return from the disabled list , and Milwaukee beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 . Broxton , who robbed Jose Martinez of a homer in the second	True
Broxton drove in the go-ahead run and saved a run with a leaping catch , Matt Garza made a strong start in his return from the disabled list , and Milwaukee beat the St. Louis Cardinals 2 - 1 . Broxton , who robbed Jose Martinez of a homer in the second when he stretched his glove atop the center field wall , gave Milwaukee a 2 - 1 lead with a single in the fifth	True
Garza ( 5 - 5 ) , making his first start since July 21 because of a right leg strain , gave up one earned run on four hits in 5 2/3 innings to give second-place Milwaukee its first home series win over St. Louis since July 2012 . The Brewers , trying to stay close to first-place Chicago in the NL Central , won for just the fifth time in their last 17 games . Kolten Wong missed a tying home run by a few feet when his drive to right-center bounced off the wall in the eighth	True
Garza ( 5 - 5 ) , making his first start since July 21 because of a right leg strain , gave up one earned run on four hits in 5 2/3 innings to give second-place Milwaukee its first home series win over St. Louis since July 2012 . The Brewers , trying to stay close to first-place Chicago in the NL Central , won for just the fifth time in their last 17 games . Kolten Wong missed a tying home run by a few feet when his drive to right-center bounced off the wall in the eighth . He was stranded at second	False
Kolten Wong missed a tying home run by a few feet when his drive to right-center bounced off the wall in the eighth . He was stranded at second when Anthony Swarzak retired Tommy Pham on a groundout and Matt Carpenter on a flyout . Corey Knebel worked the ninth	True
Kolten Wong missed a tying home run by a few feet when his drive to right-center bounced off the wall in the eighth . He was stranded at second when Anthony Swarzak retired Tommy Pham on a groundout and Matt Carpenter on a flyout . Corey Knebel worked the ninth and struck out Greg Garcia with runners on first	False
Kolten Wong missed a tying home run by a few feet when his drive to right-center bounced off the wall in the eighth . He was stranded at second when Anthony Swarzak retired Tommy Pham on a groundout and Matt Carpenter on a flyout . Corey Knebel worked the ninth and struck out Greg Garcia with runners on first and second	False
Corey Knebel worked the ninth and struck out Greg Garcia with runners on first and second to earn his 20th save in 25 opportunities . Cardinals starter Michael Wacha allowed one run on five hits in four innings . With the game tied at 1 in the fifth	True
Corey Knebel worked the ninth and struck out Greg Garcia with runners on first and second to earn his 20th save in 25 opportunities . Cardinals starter Michael Wacha allowed one run on five hits in four innings . With the game tied at 1 in the fifth and runners on first	False
Corey Knebel worked the ninth and struck out Greg Garcia with runners on first and second to earn his 20th save in 25 opportunities . Cardinals starter Michael Wacha allowed one run on five hits in four innings . With the game tied at 1 in the fifth and runners on first and third	False
Cardinals starter Michael Wacha allowed one run on five hits in four innings . With the game tied at 1 in the fifth and runners on first and third , manager Mike Matheny pulled Wacha for pinch-hitter Luke Voit , who hit into an inning-ending double play . Wacha 's only blemish was Jesus Aguilar 's homer to left in the third	True
Cardinals starter Michael Wacha allowed one run on five hits in four innings . With the game tied at 1 in the fifth and runners on first and third , manager Mike Matheny pulled Wacha for pinch-hitter Luke Voit , who hit into an inning-ending double play . Wacha 's only blemish was Jesus Aguilar 's homer to left in the third . Aguilar 's drive was his 11th	False
Wacha 's only blemish was Jesus Aguilar 's homer to left in the third . Aguilar 's drive was his 11th this season , and he homered in consecutive games for the first time in his career . Cecil retired the first two batters in the fifth	False
Rex Brothers ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 scoreless innings for Atlanta , which snapped a six - game losing streak . Arodys Vizcaino , who has taken the closer 's role from Jim Johnson , pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chacin combined with two relievers on a three - hitter and Austin Hedges , who missed time recently with a concussion , hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning of a 3 - 0 win Tuesday night . The Padres had only two hits off Twins starter Jose Berrios and led 1 - 0 going into the eighth	True
Chacin combined with two relievers on a three - hitter and Austin Hedges , who missed time recently with a concussion , hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning of a 3 - 0 win Tuesday night . The Padres had only two hits off Twins starter Jose Berrios and led 1 - 0 going into the eighth before Hunter Renfroe singled off Alan Busenitz with one out and Hedges homered to right-center , his 14th	False
Chacin ( 11 - 7 ) allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked two . Kirby Yates pitched a perfect eighth	True
Chacin ( 11 - 7 ) allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked two . Kirby Yates pitched a perfect eighth and Hand worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Kirby Yates pitched a perfect eighth and Hand worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his seventh save . Berrios ( 9 - 5 ) held the Padres hitless through five and allowed only one run in seven innings . Renfroe opened the sixth	True
Kirby Yates pitched a perfect eighth and Hand worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his seventh save . Berrios ( 9 - 5 ) held the Padres hitless through five and allowed only one run in seven innings . Renfroe opened the sixth by beating out an infield single to third base . Hedges followed with a double to right and Manuel Margot hit a sacrifice fly with one out . Hedges was thrown out trying to reach third	False
Berrios ( 9 - 5 ) held the Padres hitless through five and allowed only one run in seven innings . Renfroe opened the sixth by beating out an infield single to third base . Hedges followed with a double to right and Manuel Margot hit a sacrifice fly with one out . Hedges was thrown out trying to reach third . Berrios had faced the minimum 15 batters until the sixth	True
Berrios ( 9 - 5 ) held the Padres hitless through five and allowed only one run in seven innings . Renfroe opened the sixth by beating out an infield single to third base . Hedges followed with a double to right and Manuel Margot hit a sacrifice fly with one out . Hedges was thrown out trying to reach third . Berrios had faced the minimum 15 batters until the sixth . He issued a one - out walk to Carlos Asuaje in the first	True
Bradley lost for the first time since July 14 , allowing a season-high three runs . Junis ( 9 - 3 ) allowed two runs on five hits , including A. J. Pollock 's home run in the sixth	True
Junis ( 9 - 3 ) allowed two runs on five hits , including A. J. Pollock 's home run in the sixth , to pick up the win . The right-hander 's nine victories are tied for the American League lead for rookies . David Peralta 's fifth-inning double scored Rey Fuentes , who walked and stole second	False
Arizona right-hander Taijuan Walker was pulled after five innings in his final start before the postseason . He allowed three hits and one run , while striking out six and walking one . Mike Moustakas grounded into a double play in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas grounded into a double play in the fourth , scoring Lorenzo Cain , for the only run Walker would allow . Daniel Descalso 's run-producing triple in the eighth	True
Daniel Descalso 's run-producing triple in the eighth off Joakim Soria cut the Royals ' advantage to one run . Mike Minor worked around a leadoff double in the ninth	False
The Marlins ' slugger went 2 for 4 with a single and a double to remain at 59 homers as the Marlins rallied from a 5 - 0 deficit and defeated the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Friday night . Marcell Ozuna drove in three runs . His two - run double in the sixth started Miami 's comeback and pushed him past Preston Wilson with 121 RBI for second	False
Marcell Ozuna drove in three runs . His two - run double in the sixth started Miami 's comeback and pushed him past Preston Wilson with 121 RBI for second in club history . Stanton set the team record Sept. 23 . Miami took the lead for good with a four - run seventh	True
Stanton 's RBI single on a short dribbler with the bases loaded scored Tyler Moore , who began the inning with a double to left-center . Adam Conley ( 8 - 8 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Stanton 's RBI single on a short dribbler with the bases loaded scored Tyler Moore , who began the inning with a double to left-center . Adam Conley ( 8 - 8 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Junichi Tazawa inherited two runners in the eighth	True
Adam Conley ( 8 - 8 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Junichi Tazawa inherited two runners in the eighth and induced pinch-hitter Tyler Flowers to hit into an inning-ending double play . Brad Ziegler threw one pitch in the ninth	True
Brad Ziegler threw one pitch in the ninth and retired pinch-hitter Matt Kemp on a game-ending double play for his 10th save . Braves starter Luiz Gohara , in his fifth major league start , left allowing Moore 's double and a walk against Miguel Rojas that started the seventh	True
Braves starter Luiz Gohara , in his fifth major league start , left allowing Moore 's double and a walk against Miguel Rojas that started the seventh . Gohara allowed four runs , six hits and walked four . He struck out six . Ozzie Albies ' homer to lead off the game and Lane Adams ' three - run shot against Miami starter Dan Straily gave the Braves a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning . Atlanta increased the lead on Kurt Suzuki 's run-scoring single in the second	True
Joey Votto hit his team-high 36th home run and Homer Bailey ( 6 - 9 ) threw seven strong innings for the Reds . Tucker Barnhart opened the third	True
Tucker Barnhart opened the third with a home run and Bailey followed with a double . A one - out walk and four straight singles finished Woodruff . The Brewers were held to four hits . Bailey settled down after a choppy first	True
The 6-foot-7 , 25-year-old slugger tied McGwire 's 1987 mark with a two - run drive to right-center off Jakob Junis ( 8 - 3 ) in the third inning that put New York ahead 3 - 0 , driving a 93 mph high fastball 389 feet about a half-dozen rows into the right field seats . Judge pulled a hanging changeup 408 feet for a parabolic solo shot that bounced to the left of the visiting bullpen against Trevor Cahill in the seventh	True
The 6-foot-7 , 25-year-old slugger tied McGwire 's 1987 mark with a two - run drive to right-center off Jakob Junis ( 8 - 3 ) in the third inning that put New York ahead 3 - 0 , driving a 93 mph high fastball 389 feet about a half-dozen rows into the right field seats . Judge pulled a hanging changeup 408 feet for a parabolic solo shot that bounced to the left of the visiting bullpen against Trevor Cahill in the seventh . It was his fourth multihomer game this month and seventh	False
Judge revived to hit .307 with 13 homers and 26 RBI in a stunning September , leaving him with a .283 average , 108 RBI , an AL-leading 120 walks and a big league-high 203 strikeouts . Judge has homered against every AL opponent and his total is second	False
After striking out 42 times in 84 at-bats during last year 's late-season call-up , Judge did n't even know he had won the right field job until three days before the Yankees ' opener . Greg Bird added a two - run homer in the sixth	True
After striking out 42 times in 84 at-bats during last year 's late-season call-up , Judge did n't even know he had won the right field job until three days before the Yankees ' opener . Greg Bird added a two - run homer in the sixth , his seventh home run this season and fourth	False
After striking out 42 times in 84 at-bats during last year 's late-season call-up , Judge did n't even know he had won the right field job until three days before the Yankees ' opener . Greg Bird added a two - run homer in the sixth , his seventh home run this season and fourth in nine games . Sanchez followed Judge in the seventh	True
Greg Bird added a two - run homer in the sixth , his seventh home run this season and fourth in nine games . Sanchez followed Judge in the seventh with back-to-back homers for the third time this year , raising his total to 33 . Sabathia ( 13 - 5 ) took a 6 - 0 lead into the seventh	True
They loaded the bases against Raisel Iglesias ( 3 - 3 ) , who had blown only one save chance all season . Betts had fouled a ball off his foot on Friday night and missed one game . His double tied it 5-all , and he sprinted home on the still-sore foot -- diving headfirst into the plate -- on Rafael Devers ' infield single . Robby Scott ( 2 - 1 ) got the win , and Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Robby Scott ( 2 - 1 ) got the win , and Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 39 chances . He has n't allowed a run in his last 11 appearances . Billy Hamilton helped the Reds go up 4 - 1 . He tripled home a run and brought the crowd to its feet by scoring after getting caught in a rundown between first	False
Robby Scott ( 2 - 1 ) got the win , and Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 39 chances . He has n't allowed a run in his last 11 appearances . Billy Hamilton helped the Reds go up 4 - 1 . He tripled home a run and brought the crowd to its feet by scoring after getting caught in a rundown between first and second	False
But they suddenly look vulnerable in the late innings after Davis blew his first save opportunity of the year after 32 successful chances . Brewers shortstop Orlando Arcia homered off Davis ( 4 - 2 ) to lead off the ninth	True
They were drowned out by the end of the afternoon by Brewers fans anxious to see their team make its first postseason appearance since 2011 . The Cubs had taken a 3 - 2 lead in the top of the 10th	True
The Cubs had taken a 3 - 2 lead in the top of the 10th on Jon Jay 's RBI single off Jeremy Jeffress ( 5 - 2 ) . Out came Davis from the dugout for the bottom of the 10th	True
The Red Sox , of course , would prefer to enter as AL East champions . They hold a three - game lead over the second-place Yankees with 10 games left . After winning two straight 11-inning games over the skidding Orioles , Boston jumped to a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
After winning two straight 11-inning games over the skidding Orioles , Boston jumped to a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth and coasted to its 11th win in 14 games . Betts and Marrero hit two - run homers in the fourth	True
After winning two straight 11-inning games over the skidding Orioles , Boston jumped to a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth and coasted to its 11th win in 14 games . Betts and Marrero hit two - run homers in the fourth against Wade Miley ( 8 - 14 ) , and Hanley Ramirez added a two - run double in the fifth	False
Mengden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed seven hits and struck out four , extending his scoreless streak to 16 1/3 innings and helping the A 's to their fourth consecutive win . The 24-year-old missed the first two months of the season after undergoing offseason foot surgery and was making his fifth major league start this year . Liam Hendriks got the final two outs in the ninth	True
Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) pitched well in a losing effort , allowing three hits and one run in six innings . He struck out eight and walked three . Over his last two starts , he 's allowed two earned runs in 12 innings with 19 strikeouts . Semien 's double in the third inning brought home Bruce Maxwell , who led off with a double . His two - run homer in the seventh	True
Semien 's double in the third inning brought home Bruce Maxwell , who led off with a double . His two - run homer in the seventh off reliever Daniel Stumpf put the A 's ahead 3 - 0 . Mengden worked out of a few jams . He got Nick Castellanos to fly out to deep right center with two out and runners on the corners in the third	True
Mengden worked out of a few jams . He got Nick Castellanos to fly out to deep right center with two out and runners on the corners in the third . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , after allowing two - out singles to Alex Presley and Jeimer Candelario , Mengden induced another deep flyout from Miguel Cabrera . Castellanos led off the sixth	True
Castellanos led off the sixth with a single and advanced on a wild pitch . Mengden got a strikeout and two popouts to leave him stranded . The Tigers threatened in the ninth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- In October , the Phillies will be watching the Dodgers play meaningful games . For now , they 're going in opposite directions . Aaron Altherr hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the eighth	True
The Phillies have won eight of 10 and are 32 - 33 since the All-Star break , climbing out of last place in the majors . They 'll try to complete a four - game sweep Thursday afternoon . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 3 ) walked Cesar Hernandez to start the bottom of the eighth	True
The Phillies have won eight of 10 and are 32 - 33 since the All-Star break , climbing out of last place in the majors . They 'll try to complete a four - game sweep Thursday afternoon . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 3 ) walked Cesar Hernandez to start the bottom of the eighth . Freddy Galvis bunted and catcher Austin Barnes made a wild throw to second base for an error that allowed the runners to reach second	False
The Phillies have won eight of 10 and are 32 - 33 since the All-Star break , climbing out of last place in the majors . They 'll try to complete a four - game sweep Thursday afternoon . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 3 ) walked Cesar Hernandez to start the bottom of the eighth . Freddy Galvis bunted and catcher Austin Barnes made a wild throw to second base for an error that allowed the runners to reach second and third	False
Earlier in the series , Altherr became the first major leaguer to hit a grand slam off Clayton Kershaw . The outfielder has gone deep in three straight games . Luis Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth	True
Luis Garcia ( 2 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth . Hector Neris finished for his 23rd save in 26 chances . Herrera made a leaping catch in center field to end it , robbing Yasiel Puig . After Cody Bellinger ripped a two - run double to give the Dodgers a 4 - 2 lead in the top of the seventh	True
Hoskins led off with a walk and Altherr followed with a two - run homer to deep left . One out later , Tommy Joseph connected for a 5 - 4 lead . But Los Angeles tied it at 5 on a walk , wild pitch , passed ball and fielder 's choice grounder . The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the second	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the second . Altherr lined a single and scored when Joseph ripped a double down the left-field line . Andrew Knapp followed with an RBI single . Chris Taylor cut it to 2 - 1 when he hit his 21st homer the opposite way to right in the third	True
The right-hander continues to throw well , allowing two runs or fewer in each of his last five starts . After Yoan Moncada put the White Sox up 2 - 1 in the top of the fourth	True
Gurriel said through a translator that he saw a lot of breaking balls and made the adjustment on the last pitch . Jose Altuve upped Houston 's lead to 4 - 2 with an RBI single in the seventh	True
Gurriel said through a translator that he saw a lot of breaking balls and made the adjustment on the last pitch . Jose Altuve upped Houston 's lead to 4 - 2 with an RBI single in the seventh , but Yolmer Sanchez cut the lead to one with an RBI double in the eighth	False
Jose Altuve upped Houston 's lead to 4 - 2 with an RBI single in the seventh , but Yolmer Sanchez cut the lead to one with an RBI double in the eighth . Joe Musgrove struck out Moncada with the tying run on second	False
Jose Altuve upped Houston 's lead to 4 - 2 with an RBI single in the seventh , but Yolmer Sanchez cut the lead to one with an RBI double in the eighth . Joe Musgrove struck out Moncada with the tying run on second to end the eighth	True
Jose Altuve upped Houston 's lead to 4 - 2 with an RBI single in the seventh , but Yolmer Sanchez cut the lead to one with an RBI double in the eighth . Joe Musgrove struck out Moncada with the tying run on second to end the eighth and struck out Omar Narvaez with the tying run on second	False
The Indians were going to have a good time -- win or lose -- but they did n't want to disappoint another sellout crowd or fans captivated by their recent record 22-game winning streak . Encarnacion homered in the fourth	True
Encarnacion homered in the fourth off Danny Duffy ( 8 - 9 ) as the Indians improved to 33 - 5 since Aug. 11 despite getting only three hits . The Royals closed to 3 - 2 in the eighth	False
Encarnacion homered in the fourth off Danny Duffy ( 8 - 9 ) as the Indians improved to 33 - 5 since Aug. 11 despite getting only three hits . The Royals closed to 3 - 2 in the eighth on a two - out , two - run single by Brandon Moss off Tyler Olson . Cody Allen finished the inning and then worked out of a two - on jam in the ninth	False
Hoskins ' two - run shot gave him 18 home runs in 34 games since his call-up from Triple-A on Aug. 10 . The Yankees ' Gary Sanchez previously held the record for fastest to 18 homers . Sanchez needed 45 games . Cesar Hernandez had four hits and Perkins also homered , the first	False
Jake Thompson ( 2 - 2 ) struck out six and allowed six hits in 5 1/3 innings . Thompson combined with relievers Ricardo Pinto , Kevin Siegrist , Hoby Milner and Yacksel Rios for the shutout . Brian Anderson had three hits , including two doubles , for the Marlins , who lost their fifth	False
Jake Thompson ( 2 - 2 ) struck out six and allowed six hits in 5 1/3 innings . Thompson combined with relievers Ricardo Pinto , Kevin Siegrist , Hoby Milner and Yacksel Rios for the shutout . Brian Anderson had three hits , including two doubles , for the Marlins , who lost their fifth in a row and 15th	False
Vance Worley ( 3 - 5 ) got a spot start for Miami , as Mattingly wanted to push ace Jose Urena back a day . Urena will start Friday night 's game in Milwaukee . That contest originally was scheduled to be played in Miami , but it had to be relocated because of Hurricane Irma . The Phillies scored two runs in the first	True
Vance Worley ( 3 - 5 ) got a spot start for Miami , as Mattingly wanted to push ace Jose Urena back a day . Urena will start Friday night 's game in Milwaukee . That contest originally was scheduled to be played in Miami , but it had to be relocated because of Hurricane Irma . The Phillies scored two runs in the first off Worley on a passed ball and a wild pitch . Philadelphia blew the game open in the second	True
Dillon Gee ( 2 - 2 ) pitched one inning of relief for Minnesota , which earned its fifth walk-off win of the season and has won six of its past eight games . The Twins maintained their lead for the second wild card in the American League . Santos ( 0 - 1 ) recorded two outs in the loss . Justin Smoak tied the game for the Jays with a two - out homer in the top of the ninth	True
Consecutive RBI doubles by Jon Jay , Bryant and Rizzo highlighted a five - run fourth inning as the Cubs rallied with nine straight runs . One night after knocking in six off the bench , Albert Almora Jr. had a two - run , pinch-hit double in the sixth	True
One night after knocking in six off the bench , Albert Almora Jr. had a two - run , pinch-hit double in the sixth . Heyward added a three - run home run later in the inning to make it 14 - 5 . Tomas Nido had his first career hit and RBI for the Mets in the ninth	True
Tanner Roark ( 13 - 9 ) pitched six strong innings , Sean Doolittle earned his 18th save in as many opportunities since Washington acquired him in a trade from Oakland in July , and the Nationals salvaged the final game of the three - game set to earn their first victory since clinching the NL East on Sunday . Making his second career start , the 20-year-old Robles tripled to right-center in the fourth	True
Tanner Roark ( 13 - 9 ) pitched six strong innings , Sean Doolittle earned his 18th save in as many opportunities since Washington acquired him in a trade from Oakland in July , and the Nationals salvaged the final game of the three - game set to earn their first victory since clinching the NL East on Sunday . Making his second career start , the 20-year-old Robles tripled to right-center in the fourth off Mike Foltynewicz ( 10 - 13 ) , showing no interest in settling for a double as he zipped around second	False
Making his second career start , the 20-year-old Robles tripled to right-center in the fourth off Mike Foltynewicz ( 10 - 13 ) , showing no interest in settling for a double as he zipped around second . He scored two batters later on Pedro Severino 's fielder 's choice grounder to make it 3 - 0 . Foltynewicz departed after four innings with a cut on the tip of his right middle finger . That forced Atlanta manager Brian Snitker to use his youthful bullpen earlier than anticipated , and Robles instigated another two - run inning in the sixth	True
Foltynewicz departed after four innings with a cut on the tip of his right middle finger . That forced Atlanta manager Brian Snitker to use his youthful bullpen earlier than anticipated , and Robles instigated another two - run inning in the sixth . Braves third baseman Johan Camargo overthrew first	False
Braves third baseman Johan Camargo overthrew first on Robles ' infield single with a man on , allowing both runners to move into scoring position . Adrian Sanchez then delivered a two - run double . Roark ( 13 - 9 ) at one point set down 12 in a row and did not yield a hit until the fifth	True
Roark ( 13 - 9 ) at one point set down 12 in a row and did not yield a hit until the fifth . He struck out seven over six innings , giving up four hits and two runs . Atlanta 's Ozzie Albies hit a two - run homer to left-center just beyond the reach of center fielder Michael A. Taylor in the sixth	True
Roark ( 13 - 9 ) at one point set down 12 in a row and did not yield a hit until the fifth . He struck out seven over six innings , giving up four hits and two runs . Atlanta 's Ozzie Albies hit a two - run homer to left-center just beyond the reach of center fielder Michael A. Taylor in the sixth to briefly pull the Braves within 3 - 2 . The blast , Albies ' fourth	False
Kendrys Morales had three hits for the Blue Jays , whose four - game winning streak was halted . Darren O'Day pitched the eighth	True
Baltimore 's Tim Beckham began the game by reaching on third baseman Josh Donaldson 's throwing error . Two outs later , Beckham scored when Jones doubled over the head of left fielder Teoscar Hernandez . Mancini followed with an RBI triple off the wall in center . Toronto halved the deficit in the third	True
Toronto halved the deficit in the third when Hernandez hit a leadoff double and scored on Richard Urena 's bloop double to shallow left . Baltimore loaded the bases with nobody out in the fourth	True
Baltimore loaded the bases with nobody out in the fourth but could n't score . Stroman struck out Seth Smith and Caleb Joseph grounded into a double play . Blue Jays trainer George Poulis and manager John Gibbons came to the mound to check on Stroman in the sixth	True
Baltimore loaded the bases with nobody out in the fourth but could n't score . Stroman struck out Seth Smith and Caleb Joseph grounded into a double play . Blue Jays trainer George Poulis and manager John Gibbons came to the mound to check on Stroman in the sixth , but the right-hander stayed in the game after throwing one practice pitch . Stroman walked Davis to put runners at first	False
Baltimore loaded the bases with nobody out in the fourth but could n't score . Stroman struck out Seth Smith and Caleb Joseph grounded into a double play . Blue Jays trainer George Poulis and manager John Gibbons came to the mound to check on Stroman in the sixth , but the right-hander stayed in the game after throwing one practice pitch . Stroman walked Davis to put runners at first and second	False
But on Wednesday he was in complete control . He held the Astros to three hits in his seven innings , walking one and striking out five . It was his first victory since April 22 . The Angels finished with 13 hits , eight for extra bases . They had six doubles by six players , a two - run homer from Luis Valbuena to cap the five - run first	True
But on Wednesday he was in complete control . He held the Astros to three hits in his seven innings , walking one and striking out five . It was his first victory since April 22 . The Angels finished with 13 hits , eight for extra bases . They had six doubles by six players , a two - run homer from Luis Valbuena to cap the five - run first and a solo homer from Justin Upton off Tyler Clippard in the sixth	True
NEW YORK -- In the start of a series moved from Florida to Citi Field because of Hurricane Irma , Todd Frazier capitalized on Trevor Plouffe 's two - out error with a three - run homer in a five - run fourth inning that led the New York Yankees over the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 1 on Monday night . Jacoby Ellsbury broke Pete Rose 's major league record by reaching base on catcher 's interference for the 30th time , and David Robertson ( 8 - 2 ) pitched a career-high 2 2/3 innings in relief of CC Sabathia , removed with two on and one out in the fifth	True
Only the lower deck was open , ticket prices were capped at $ 25 and a pro-Yankees crowd of 15,327 booed the Rays when they ran onto the field for the first pitch . This was just the fifth big league series moved to a neutral site because of weather and the second	False
In April 1998 , the Yankees beat the Anaheim Angels 6 - 3 at Shea Stadium in a game moved after the crash of a 71-year-old steel-and-concrete joint at old Yankee Stadium . While the Mets ' Home Run Apple started to rise when Darryl Strawberry went deep then , there was no such mishap this time . Ellsbury set an obscure major league record on his 34th birthday , nicking Wilson Ramos ' mitt on a slow curveball from Jake Odorizzi ( 8 - 8 ) . Ellsbury set the season mark with 12 last year and has four this season . He reached the record in 5,308 plate appearance , about one - third	False
Ellsbury set an obscure major league record on his 34th birthday , nicking Wilson Ramos ' mitt on a slow curveball from Jake Odorizzi ( 8 - 8 ) . Ellsbury set the season mark with 12 last year and has four this season . He reached the record in 5,308 plate appearance , about one - third of Rose 's 15,890 . Sabathia was helped in the third	True
Ellsbury set an obscure major league record on his 34th birthday , nicking Wilson Ramos ' mitt on a slow curveball from Jake Odorizzi ( 8 - 8 ) . Ellsbury set the season mark with 12 last year and has four this season . He reached the record in 5,308 plate appearance , about one - third of Rose 's 15,890 . Sabathia was helped in the third when Tampa Bay had two on and tried for a double steal , only for Kevin Kiermaier to get tagged out oversliding second	False
Sabathia was helped in the third when Tampa Bay had two on and tried for a double steal , only for Kevin Kiermaier to get tagged out oversliding second . Sabathia allowed six hits . Ahead 1 - 0 , Odorizzi walked Aaron Judge on four pitches leading off the fourth	True
Sabathia was helped in the third when Tampa Bay had two on and tried for a double steal , only for Kevin Kiermaier to get tagged out oversliding second . Sabathia allowed six hits . Ahead 1 - 0 , Odorizzi walked Aaron Judge on four pitches leading off the fourth . Judge took third	False
Sabathia was helped in the third when Tampa Bay had two on and tried for a double steal , only for Kevin Kiermaier to get tagged out oversliding second . Sabathia allowed six hits . Ahead 1 - 0 , Odorizzi walked Aaron Judge on four pitches leading off the fourth . Judge took third when Gary Sanchez singled on a full-count offering , and Didi Gregorius hit a sacrifice fly . After Starling Castro struck out , Matt Holliday hit a grounder to third	False
Sabathia was helped in the third when Tampa Bay had two on and tried for a double steal , only for Kevin Kiermaier to get tagged out oversliding second . Sabathia allowed six hits . Ahead 1 - 0 , Odorizzi walked Aaron Judge on four pitches leading off the fourth . Judge took third when Gary Sanchez singled on a full-count offering , and Didi Gregorius hit a sacrifice fly . After Starling Castro struck out , Matt Holliday hit a grounder to third , and Plouffe tried for a backhand grab but let the ball bounce under his glove and into the left-field corner . The slow-footed Sanchez scored from first	False
Ellsbury reached on the catcher 's interference , and Frazier lined a full-count slider off the front of the second deck in left for a 5 - 1 lead . Adeiny Hechavarria , in a 2 - for - 18 slide , put the Rays ahead with an RBI triple in the second	True
Ellsbury reached on the catcher 's interference , and Frazier lined a full-count slider off the front of the second deck in left for a 5 - 1 lead . Adeiny Hechavarria , in a 2 - for - 18 slide , put the Rays ahead with an RBI triple in the second . He also singled and doubled , then flied out to the right-field warning track with two on in the eighth	True
Andrew McCutchen , Starling Marte and Jordy Mercer homered for Pittsburgh , which staggered into the game with a five - game losing streak . Brault ( 1 - 0 ) , making his second start of the season , used his fastball to keep the Brewers off-balance , only allowing a fourth-inning walk to Ryan Braun and a fifth-inning leadoff single to Jesus Aguilar . He struck out six in six innings for his first win in the majors . Brault also helped at the plate , going 2 for 3 with a double and a bases loaded , two - RBI single in the sixth	True
Milwaukee rookie Brandon Woodruff ( 1 - 2 ) , allowed six runs on seven hits and a walk in five innings . Marte hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Marte hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 against Woodruff . The Brewers intentionally walked Mercer with two outs in the sixth	True
The Brewers intentionally walked Mercer with two outs in the sixth to load the bases , but Brault hit a sharp two - run single to center to make it 6 - 0 . Mercer hit his 14th homer , a solo shot , in the eighth	True
Mercer hit his 14th homer , a solo shot , in the eighth to close the scoring . Milwaukee 's Manny Pina singled to open the eighth	True
Mercer hit his 14th homer , a solo shot , in the eighth to close the scoring . Milwaukee 's Manny Pina singled to open the eighth off Daniel Hudson but was promptly erased on a double play . Domingo Santana singled in the ninth	False
Left-hander Tyler Anderson , activated from the 60-day disabled list on Sunday , pitched four scoreless innings in relief for the victory . Anderson ( 4 - 5 ) allowed a hit with four strikeouts . The Rockies ' winning rally started with two outs in the eighth	True
The Rockies ' winning rally started with two outs in the eighth . D. J. LeMahieu tripled over the top of an extreme defensive shift toward right field and Carlos Gonzalez walked against Diamondbacks reliever Jake Barrett ( 1 - 1 ) . Arenado 's home run followed , giving him a major-league leading 123 runs batted in on the season . It was his seventh home run to give the Rockies the lead in the eighth inning or later in his career and the third	False
Arenado 's home run followed , giving him a major-league leading 123 runs batted in on the season . It was his seventh home run to give the Rockies the lead in the eighth inning or later in his career and the third of 2017 . The Diamondbacks came back with two runs in the bottom of the eighth	True
Martinez , on the same day he was named NL Player of the Week for last week when he batted .429 with seven home runs , went 3 - for - 4 and scored twice . Mike Dunn got pinch hitter Daniel Descalso to fly out to deep center to end the eighth	True
Martinez , on the same day he was named NL Player of the Week for last week when he batted .429 with seven home runs , went 3 - for - 4 and scored twice . Mike Dunn got pinch hitter Daniel Descalso to fly out to deep center to end the eighth , and Greg Holland pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Mike Dunn got pinch hitter Daniel Descalso to fly out to deep center to end the eighth , and Greg Holland pitched a scoreless ninth for his NL-leading 40th save . Holland stranded runners at second	False
Mike Dunn got pinch hitter Daniel Descalso to fly out to deep center to end the eighth , and Greg Holland pitched a scoreless ninth for his NL-leading 40th save . Holland stranded runners at second and third	False
Strasburg extended his scoreless streak to a franchise-record 34 innings , and the Nationals beat Philadelphia 3 - 2 on Sunday in a tidy 2 hours , 16 minutes . A little while later , Washington clinched its fourth NL East title in six seasons when the Braves beat the Marlins on an 11th-inning homer in Atlanta . Fans remained in the stands to watch the Braves rally with three runs in the ninth	True
Trea Turner homered and tripled for the Nationals , and Victor Robles got his first major league hit and RBI . The Phillies threatened in the ninth	True
Trea Turner homered and tripled for the Nationals , and Victor Robles got his first major league hit and RBI . The Phillies threatened in the ninth off Ryan Madson , who allowed Nick Williams ' bloop two - out , two - run single before retiring Rhys Hoskins on a grounder . It was his second save this season and first	False
Despite the spring training-type lineup that Baker fielded on Sunday , the Nationals are relatively healthy heading into October , with one major question mark : former MVP Bryce Harper , who is out with a hyperextended knee . Asked how the knee was feeling , Harper said , `` ready to party tonight , '' without elaborating . Rookie Ben Lively ( 3 - 6 ) allowed six hits and struck out seven in his first career complete game and the first	False
Rookie Ben Lively ( 3 - 6 ) allowed six hits and struck out seven in his first career complete game and the first for the Phillies this year . Lively allowed one hit before Turner led off the sixth	True
Lively allowed one hit before Turner led off the sixth with a triple and scored on Adrian Sanchez 's bloop double . Robles doubled with two outs . Turner homered with one out in the eighth	False
Vargas ( 15 - 10 ) gave up a run and four hits over five innings . He was 2 - 7 with an 8.13 ERA in his previous 11 starts . Vargas ' previous season-high was 14 victories in 2012 with the Seattle Mariners . Moss had an RBI double in a six - run second inning and a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Hosmer went 11 for 14 with two walks in the four - game series . Byron Buxton tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Hosmer went 11 for 14 with two walks in the four - game series . Byron Buxton tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly in the second for the only run against Vargas , who worked out of a bases loaded jam in the fifth	True
Byron Buxton tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly in the second for the only run against Vargas , who worked out of a bases loaded jam in the fifth when Brian Dozier grounded into an inning-ending double play . The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a six - run second inning off Bartolo Colon ( 6 - 12 ) . Hosmer led off with a single , his first	False
Byron Buxton tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly in the second for the only run against Vargas , who worked out of a bases loaded jam in the fifth when Brian Dozier grounded into an inning-ending double play . The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a six - run second inning off Bartolo Colon ( 6 - 12 ) . Hosmer led off with a single , his first of two hits in the inning . He scored a run and drove in a run in the second	True
Colon retired only five of the 11 batters he faced for his shortest outing of the year . Kenny Vargas hit a two - run homer in the Twins ' ninth	True
Milwaukee pulled to within four games of Chicago for the NL Central lead and remained tied with St. Louis . The Cardinals beat Pittsburgh 4 - 1 . Nelson ( 12 - 6 ) struck out seven and walked two while winning his third straight start . He singled off the left-field wall in the fifth	True
Milwaukee pulled to within four games of Chicago for the NL Central lead and remained tied with St. Louis . The Cardinals beat Pittsburgh 4 - 1 . Nelson ( 12 - 6 ) struck out seven and walked two while winning his third straight start . He singled off the left-field wall in the fifth and hurt his shoulder diving back to first	False
Nelson pitched the bottom half , retiring Anthony Rizzo on a fly to deep center to escape a first-and-third jam , but felt discomfort . He is scheduled for tests Saturday , though the Brewers do n't think the injury is serious . Josh Hader retired the side in the sixth	True
Nelson pitched the bottom half , retiring Anthony Rizzo on a fly to deep center to escape a first-and-third jam , but felt discomfort . He is scheduled for tests Saturday , though the Brewers do n't think the injury is serious . Josh Hader retired the side in the sixth and seventh	True
Nelson pitched the bottom half , retiring Anthony Rizzo on a fly to deep center to escape a first-and-third jam , but felt discomfort . He is scheduled for tests Saturday , though the Brewers do n't think the injury is serious . Josh Hader retired the side in the sixth and seventh before walking Jon Jay leading off the eighth	True
Nelson pitched the bottom half , retiring Anthony Rizzo on a fly to deep center to escape a first-and-third jam , but felt discomfort . He is scheduled for tests Saturday , though the Brewers do n't think the injury is serious . Josh Hader retired the side in the sixth and seventh before walking Jon Jay leading off the eighth . Anthony Swarzak got the next three batters , and Corey Knebel worked the ninth	False
The Cubs , closing in on their third straight playoff berth , got permission from the city to push the start back a few hours because they did n't want a short turnaround coming off a game at Pittsburgh the previous night . Outscored a combined 21 - 8 in a three - game sweep at Cincinnati , the Brewers got their runs in the first	True
The Cardinals returned home in the early-morning hours after going 7 - 3 on a road trip that finished in San Diego . The Pirates began a nine - game swing after going 4 - 3 at home to start September . Williams gave up runs in the third	True
The Cardinals returned home in the early-morning hours after going 7 - 3 on a road trip that finished in San Diego . The Pirates began a nine - game swing after going 4 - 3 at home to start September . Williams gave up runs in the third and fourth	True
The Cardinals returned home in the early-morning hours after going 7 - 3 on a road trip that finished in San Diego . The Pirates began a nine - game swing after going 4 - 3 at home to start September . Williams gave up runs in the third and fourth , and a two - run single in the fifth	True
Williams gave up runs in the third and fourth , and a two - run single in the fifth to Jose Martinez . Pinch-hitter Adam Frazier singled in the seventh	True
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The Twins had seen the scenario that faced them Thursday night play out seemingly countless times over the past few weeks : They rally down the stretch only to come up short in the ninth	True
The outcome was far different this time . Jorge Polanco drove in the go-ahead runs off ailing Kansas City closer Kelvin Herrera with two outs in the ninth	True
Herrera , who has been dealing with a mild forearm strain , inherited a 2 - 1 lead before giving up a pair of singles and a walk . Brian Dozier hit a tying sacrifice fly to the warning track , and after Joe Mauer was walked intentionally , Polanco lined a single up the middle for the lead . Trevor Hildenberger ( 3 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth	True
Herrera , who has been dealing with a mild forearm strain , inherited a 2 - 1 lead before giving up a pair of singles and a walk . Brian Dozier hit a tying sacrifice fly to the warning track , and after Joe Mauer was walked intentionally , Polanco lined a single up the middle for the lead . Trevor Hildenberger ( 3 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth in relief of Twins starter Kyle Gibson , while Matt Belisle handled a perfect ninth	True
Trevor Hildenberger ( 3 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth in relief of Twins starter Kyle Gibson , while Matt Belisle handled a perfect ninth to pick up his sixth save . Herrera ( 3 - 3 ) squandered a solid night from Sam Gaviglio , who was recently claimed off waivers from the Mariners , and the rest of the Kansas City bullpen . Gaviglio allowed only a homer from Robbie Grossman and three other hits in five innings before a trio of relievers got the game to the ninth	True
The loss was especially devastating for the roller-coaster Royals given their place in the crowded AL wild-card race . They began the night 2 1/2 games back of the Twins with 24 games to play . Gaviglio and Gibson matched each other through four scoreless innings before Grossman drove a 3 - 2 pitch from the Royals ' new starter into the bullpen in right field with one out in the fifth	True
Gaviglio and Gibson matched each other through four scoreless innings before Grossman drove a 3 - 2 pitch from the Royals ' new starter into the bullpen in right field with one out in the fifth . Alex Gordon singled in Escobar in the bottom half , and Whit Merrifield 's hard-hit single gave Kansas City a lead that would stand until the ninth	True
It was a big turnaround from Wednesday 's performance , when the Mt . Lebanon native went 0 for 3 with two strikeouts and tripped over his own bat coming out of the batter 's box . In the second inning , he threw out Jordy Mercer as the Pirates baserunner was trying to score from second	False
The Cubs had 13 hits , including eight for extra bases , as the offense broke out after totaling four runs in the first three games of the series . Happ singled and scored to lead off the game and doubled in the third	True
Happ singled and scored to lead off the game and doubled in the third and eighth innings . Javier Baez doubled and scored in the second	True
Happ singled and scored to lead off the game and doubled in the third and eighth innings . Javier Baez doubled and scored in the second . Jason Heyward singled and was driven in by pitcher Jon Lester 's double in the fourth	True
Happ singled and scored to lead off the game and doubled in the third and eighth innings . Javier Baez doubled and scored in the second . Jason Heyward singled and was driven in by pitcher Jon Lester 's double in the fourth . Baez and Heyward then drove in Anthony Rizzo and Ben Zobrist with back-to-back singles in the fifth	True
Javier Baez doubled and scored in the second . Jason Heyward singled and was driven in by pitcher Jon Lester 's double in the fourth . Baez and Heyward then drove in Anthony Rizzo and Ben Zobrist with back-to-back singles in the fifth as the Cubs piled on against Taillon . Albert Almora Jr. later added on with a two - run shot in the seventh	False
A three - game sweep would have destroyed the wild-card edge the Twins brought to Tampa Bay . The Rays , who are near the back of the wild-card pack , would have been only one game behind Minnesota . The Twins scored three runs in the seventh	True
A three - game sweep would have destroyed the wild-card edge the Twins brought to Tampa Bay . The Rays , who are near the back of the wild-card pack , would have been only one game behind Minnesota . The Twins scored three runs in the seventh to take the lead for good . Dozier , who hit his 29th homer leading off the game , was walked by reliever Steve Cishek ( 2 - 1 ) to open the inning . Jorge Polanco then bunted and Cishek threw wildly past first base , allowing Dozier to come all the way around to score for a 7 - 6 lead with Polanco advancing to third	False
One out later , Escobar singled to right-center to drive in Polanco . Robbie Grossman doubled off Austin Pruitt and pinch-hitter Joe Mauer was intentionally walked to load the bases , and Max Kepler followed with a run-scoring grounder for a 9 - 6 lead . Escobar tripled with one out in the ninth	True
Evan Longoria , Lucas Duda and Kevin Kiermaier homered for the Rays . Longoria tied the score in the bottom of the first	True
Longoria tied the score in the bottom of the first with his 18th homer -- and first since Aug. 1 -- but Adrianza 's three - run shot in the second put the Twins back ahead 4 - 1 . Duda tied it again with a three - run homer , his 28th , off Twins starter Aaron Slegers in the third	True
A day after falling behind the Mets 10 - 0 by the fourth inning , it was the Phillies ' turn to answer back . DeGrom ( 14 - 9 ) struck out the side in the first	True
Lively 's sixth major league start came June 30 against deGrom . The Mets won 2 - 1 and deGrom fanned Lively twice on seven pitches . In the rematch , Lively hit a 2 - 0 pitch for a two - run single in the second	True
Lively 's sixth major league start came June 30 against deGrom . The Mets won 2 - 1 and deGrom fanned Lively twice on seven pitches . In the rematch , Lively hit a 2 - 0 pitch for a two - run single in the second that made it 3 - 1 . The 25-year-old righty ( 3 - 5 ) , who homered in his last start while beating Miami , hit a two - run drive on a first-pitch slider in a six - run fourth	True
Odubel Herrera extended his hitting streak to 19 games and Nick Williams drove in three runs for Philadelphia . Highly touted Phillies prospect J. P. Crawford got a hit in his first big league game . After Travis d'Arnaud hit an RBI double in the Mets first	True
Daniel Murphy hit his 22nd home run and Severino also drove in a run for the Nationals , who have won seven straight against the Marlins . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth	True
Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 19 chances . Doolittle allowed a lead-off bloop single to Marcell Ozuna , who eventually scored on a sacrifice fly by Derek Dietrich , but got Brian Anderson to line out to end the game . Miami 's Giancarlo Stanton went 0 for 4 with two strikeouts and did not add to his major league-leading home run total of 53 , but did take a home run away from Murphy when he leaped above the right-center field wall to make a catch in the third	True
Robbie Ray struck out a career-high 14 while helping Arizona , in second place in the National League West , to its longest win streak since it won 11 in a row from June 18 to June 30 , 2003 . Ray and Martinez are the first pair of teammates in MLB 's modern era ( since 1900 ) with at least 14 strikeouts and three home runs in the same game , according to Elias Sports Bureau . A four - home-run game is rarer than a perfect game ; there now have been 18 four - homer games in MLB history , and there have been 23 perfect games . Martinez is the 16th player in the modern era to hit four homers in a game , the 12th	False
Robbie Ray struck out a career-high 14 while helping Arizona , in second place in the National League West , to its longest win streak since it won 11 in a row from June 18 to June 30 , 2003 . Ray and Martinez are the first pair of teammates in MLB 's modern era ( since 1900 ) with at least 14 strikeouts and three home runs in the same game , according to Elias Sports Bureau . A four - home-run game is rarer than a perfect game ; there now have been 18 four - homer games in MLB history , and there have been 23 perfect games . Martinez is the 16th player in the modern era to hit four homers in a game , the 12th in the NL and the first	False
This is the first four - homer game in which the player had more homers than the opponent had hits ; the Dodgers finished with just three . Martinez also became the first player to hit four home runs against a team that was at least 25 games above .500 at the time , according to Elias . Arizona grabbed a 2 - 0 lead on Martinez 's two - run shot off Rich Hill ( 9 - 7 ) in the fourth	True
This is the first four - homer game in which the player had more homers than the opponent had hits ; the Dodgers finished with just three . Martinez also became the first player to hit four home runs against a team that was at least 25 games above .500 at the time , according to Elias . Arizona grabbed a 2 - 0 lead on Martinez 's two - run shot off Rich Hill ( 9 - 7 ) in the fourth . Martinez added solo shots in the seventh	True
This is the first four - homer game in which the player had more homers than the opponent had hits ; the Dodgers finished with just three . Martinez also became the first player to hit four home runs against a team that was at least 25 games above .500 at the time , according to Elias . Arizona grabbed a 2 - 0 lead on Martinez 's two - run shot off Rich Hill ( 9 - 7 ) in the fourth . Martinez added solo shots in the seventh and eighth innings before capping his power show with a two - run shot off Wilmer Font in the ninth	True
Arizona grabbed a 2 - 0 lead on Martinez 's two - run shot off Rich Hill ( 9 - 7 ) in the fourth . Martinez added solo shots in the seventh and eighth innings before capping his power show with a two - run shot off Wilmer Font in the ninth . Walking to the plate for the last time , Martinez recalled hitting three homers in a game in 2015 and thinking too much about a fourth	True
Hill retired nine of his first 10 batters , striking out seven , before Kris Negron singled leading off the inning . With one out , Martinez sent a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field pavilion . The D-backs added four runs in the seventh	True
Martinez and Brandon Drury hit back-to-back homers off Pedro Baez to open the inning , making it 4 - 0 . Jake Lamb and Adam Rosales singled before Baez was booed heavily as he walked off the field . Chris Herrmann singled off Edward Paredes to load the bases . Ray reached on an infield single to second	False
BOSTON -- Kendrys Morales hit a three - run shot in the first inning . Jose Bautista connected for a solo home run in the third	True
Jose Bautista connected for a solo home run in the third . Raffy Lopez chased reigning AL Cy Young Award winner Rick Porcello with a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Raffy Lopez chased reigning AL Cy Young Award winner Rick Porcello with a two - run homer in the sixth . Steve Pearce had three of Toronto 's 14 hits , and J. A. Happ allowed just one earned run in 5 2/3 innings . Toronto carried a 7 - 4 lead into the ninth	True
Carlos Santana added his 22nd home run for the AL Central-leading Indians , who are two shy of the team-record 14 consecutive wins set last season . James Shields ( 2 - 6 ) kept the White Sox in the game before taking a line drive by Francisco Mejia off the knee in the top of the seventh	True
The veteran right-hander allowed four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , extending his streak to 11 starts without a win . The 21-year-old Mejia , a top catching prospect , had a run-scoring single in the fourth	True
The 21-year-old Mejia , a top catching prospect , had a run-scoring single in the fourth for his first hit and RBI in his first career start for the Indians . The White Sox also received a shot in the arm from newcomer Rymer Liriano , who drove in all three runs with a two - run homer in the fifth -- his first hit with Chicago -- and a run-scoring double in the seventh	True
The 26-year-old outfielder 's only other career home run came with the San Diego Padres in 2014 . He had n't appeared in the major leagues since then until being called up on Saturday . Relievers Joe Smith , Tyler Olson and Bryan Shaw set up Cody Allen , who survived two walks to pitch a scoreless ninth	True
Ramirez went 5 for 5 , driving in three runs and scoring three . He is hitting .472 with eight homers and 22 RBI in 15 games against the Tigers this year . Ramirez hit a strange solo homer in the first	True
Ramirez hit a strange solo homer in the first . The ball hit the yellow padding on top of the left-field fence , popped straight in the air and bounced off the padding and back into play . As left fielder Mikie Mahtook tried to grab it with his bare hand , he knocked over the fence . In the sixth	True
In the sixth , right fielder Alex Presley reached above the fence for Ramirez 's drive to right . The ball tipped off the end of his glove , hit a safety railing and bounced back onto the field . Ramirez hit a leadoff double in the eighth	True
In the sixth , right fielder Alex Presley reached above the fence for Ramirez 's drive to right . The ball tipped off the end of his glove , hit a safety railing and bounced back onto the field . Ramirez hit a leadoff double in the eighth and Giovanny Urshela pinch ran . Urshela batted in the ninth	False
Ramirez hit a leadoff double in the eighth and Giovanny Urshela pinch ran . Urshela batted in the ninth . Ramirez also doubled in the third inning and the fifth	True
DENVER -- The numbers pretty much go hand in hand : 79 straight innings the Arizona Diamondbacks have either led or been tied . Ten straight wins . Ketel Marte and Brandon Drury homered in a three - run sixth	True
For the slumping Rockies , another frustrating loss as they saw their lead over Milwaukee for the second wild card trimmed to just a half-game . Tied at 1 in the sixth	True
Both teams rolled out unconventional lineups . The Rockies did n't start third baseman Nolan Arenado , first baseman Mark Reynolds and outfielder Ian Desmond . They also switched around the batting order , with usual leadoff hitter Charlie Blackmon dropping to the No . 3 spot . Blackmon had a tying single in the fifth	True
Arizona gave NL MVP candidate Paul Goldschmidt the day off , along with outfielders A. J. Pollock and J. D. Martinez . The Rockies had something brewing in the eighth	True
Fister mixed speeds well all night , getting ahead in the count often and keeping the Yankees off balance . In his last three starts , he has a 1.57 ERA . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth to notch his 32nd save in 36 chances . Nunez hit a two - run drive off Sonny Gray ( 8 - 9 ) for a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Nunez hit a two - run drive off Sonny Gray ( 8 - 9 ) for a 2 - 1 lead in the third . A day earlier , Nunez dropped down a bunt that Yankees pitcher CC Sabathia threw away , prompting the burly left-hander to call the Boston strategy ` 'weak . '' Brock Holt walked on a full-count pitch in the third	True
Nunez followed by lining a fastball over the wall in left for his combined 12th homer of the season with San Francisco and Boston . With two outs in the fifth	True
With two outs in the fifth , Benintendi hit Gray 's first offering into the right field seats for his 19th home run . Benintendi 's 14 RBI this season are the most against the Yankees by any rookie since Jose Canseco also drove in 14 in 1986 . Ramirez connected in the seventh	True
With two outs in the fifth , Benintendi hit Gray 's first offering into the right field seats for his 19th home run . Benintendi 's 14 RBI this season are the most against the Yankees by any rookie since Jose Canseco also drove in 14 in 1986 . Ramirez connected in the seventh for his 22nd homer and third	False
Dexter Fowler hit a leadoff triple in the ninth inning and scored the go-ahead run on Kolten Wong 's single moments later , Stephen Piscotty later hit a two - run homer , and the Cardinals rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the San Francisco Giants 11 - 6 on Friday night . Greg Garcia hit a tying RBI triple in the top of the eighth inning off Mark Melancon , then Sam Dyson ( 1 - 2 ) gave it up in the ninth	True
Dexter Fowler hit a leadoff triple in the ninth inning and scored the go-ahead run on Kolten Wong 's single moments later , Stephen Piscotty later hit a two - run homer , and the Cardinals rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the San Francisco Giants 11 - 6 on Friday night . Greg Garcia hit a tying RBI triple in the top of the eighth inning off Mark Melancon , then Sam Dyson ( 1 - 2 ) gave it up in the ninth . Tyler Lyons ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth	True
Greg Garcia hit a tying RBI triple in the top of the eighth inning off Mark Melancon , then Sam Dyson ( 1 - 2 ) gave it up in the ninth . Tyler Lyons ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Paul DeJong added a two - run double in the six - run ninth	True
Paul DeJong added a two - run double in the six - run ninth and Yadier Molina had an RBI single . Harrison Bader hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Harrison Bader hit a two - run homer in the third for St. Louis before San Francisco added on again with Hunter Pence 's two - run triple in the bottom half . Randal Grichuk added a solo homer in the sixth	False
Before St. Louis scored nine runs over the final three innings , Johnny Cueto was in line for a victory in his first start since July 14 after a stint on the disabled list with tender spots on three pitching fingers and then a flexor muscle strain in his forearm that interrupted his rehab . Denard Span added a run-scoring single in the second	True
Denard Span added a run-scoring single in the second and Crawford wound up with two doubles in his three - hit day . Cueto left in the top of the sixth	True
Cueto left in the top of the sixth to a warm ovation after throwing 80 pitches , his predetermined limit . He gave up two runs and four hits , struck out two and walked one . The Giants , who have lost seven of eight and 10 of 13 , turned a nifty -- not to mention rare -- 1 - 5 - 5 double play to end the fourth	True
The Giants , who have lost seven of eight and 10 of 13 , turned a nifty -- not to mention rare -- 1 - 5 - 5 double play to end the fourth . After Molina 's one - out triple , Cueto fielded Piscotty 's comebacker and threw to third baseman Kelby Tomlinson . He chased down and tagged Molina between the mound and home plate then fired to second baseman Joe Panik to get Piscotty . In the fifth	True
Acquired from St. Louis earlier in the week to help Seattle 's beleaguered rotation , Leake gave the Mariners the kind of performance they needed to remain on the fringes of the wild-card race . Leake ( 1 - 0 ) , who was 7 - 12 with St. Louis , allowed two runs in the first inning , but held the A 's scoreless the rest of the way . It was just the fourth time since the All-Star break a Mariners starting pitcher has gotten through seven innings and the first since James Paxton did it on July 24 . Leake matched his season-high with seven strikeouts and scattered eight hits . He struck out Marcus Semien to end the seventh	True
Leake 's performance was exactly what Seattle needed playing its first home game since Aug. 16 . The right-hander stumbled through the first inning giving up three straight hits to open the game , including an RBI double to Jed Lowrie . But he retired 13 of the final 16 batters he faced . Marc Rzepczynski and Nick Vincent pitched the eighth	True
Leake 's performance was exactly what Seattle needed playing its first home game since Aug. 16 . The right-hander stumbled through the first inning giving up three straight hits to open the game , including an RBI double to Jed Lowrie . But he retired 13 of the final 16 batters he faced . Marc Rzepczynski and Nick Vincent pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	False
Marc Rzepczynski and Nick Vincent pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his 31st save . Seattle got all of its runs in the third inning against Oakland starter Sean Manaea . Mike Zunino led off the inning with an opposite-field home run , his 20th of the season . Jean Segura followed with a single , stole second	False
Gurriel homered to begin a four - run burst in the second inning that sent Darvish to the shortest start of his career . Astros curveballer Lance McCullers Jr. wobbled , but protected the lead into the sixth	True
Astros curveballer Lance McCullers Jr. wobbled , but protected the lead into the sixth . Brad Peacock rose to the occasion with 3 2/3 innings of hitless relief for his first pro save . With every pitch by Peacock in the ninth	True
With every pitch by Peacock in the ninth , the decibel level increased . Springer lined a leadoff double in the first	True
Game 4 will be Saturday night when Charlie Morton starts for Houston . Left-hander Alex Wood pitches for the Dodgers , facing a lineup that has put at least one runner on in 14 straight innings . McCullers left in the sixth	True
Coupled with four shutout innings from McCullers to finish off the Yankees in Game 7 of the AL Championship Series , the unconventional Astros became the first team to have two saves of three - plus innings in one postseason . On a night when a lot went right for Houston , also credit third base coach Gary Pettis , who 's been having quite a postseason . He boldly sent Josh Reddick careening home on a wild throw by reliever Tony Watson for a two - out run in the fifth	True
On a night when a lot went right for Houston , also credit third base coach Gary Pettis , who 's been having quite a postseason . He boldly sent Josh Reddick careening home on a wild throw by reliever Tony Watson for a two - out run in the fifth . The Astros rode the momentum of a thrilling victory Wednesday night in Los Angeles , where Marwin Gonzalez hit a tying homer in the ninth	True
The Astros rode the momentum of a thrilling victory Wednesday night in Los Angeles , where Marwin Gonzalez hit a tying homer in the ninth on an 0 - 2 pitch from star closer Kenley Jansen , and Houston went deep three times in extra innings before hanging on to win 7 - 6 in 11 on Springer 's two - run shot . Dodgers rookie Cody Bellinger almost won that game with a drive that was caught on the warning track in the ninth	True
Gurriel homered into the Crawford Boxes in left to begin the second -- he became the 12th hitter already to homer in this Series . Reddick followed with a double and Evan Gattis , the designated hitter with the game in an American League park , drew a walk . Gonzalez launched a drive off the wall in left-center and wound up with an RBI single when Gattis held at second	False
He allowed four hits -- all singles -- and walked one to improve to 8 - 2 with a 1.09 ERA in eight starts against the Yankees in the regular season and postseason combined . He joined Nolan Ryan and Mike Scott as the only Astros pitchers to reach double digits in strikeouts in a postseason game . Carlos Correa and Yuli Gurriel hit RBI singles in the fourth	True
He allowed four hits -- all singles -- and walked one to improve to 8 - 2 with a 1.09 ERA in eight starts against the Yankees in the regular season and postseason combined . He joined Nolan Ryan and Mike Scott as the only Astros pitchers to reach double digits in strikeouts in a postseason game . Carlos Correa and Yuli Gurriel hit RBI singles in the fourth off loser Masahiro Tanaka , and left fielder Marwin Gonzalez threw out Bird at the plate trying to score on Aaron Judge 's two - out single in the fifth	True
Carlos Correa and Yuli Gurriel hit RBI singles in the fourth off loser Masahiro Tanaka , and left fielder Marwin Gonzalez threw out Bird at the plate trying to score on Aaron Judge 's two - out single in the fifth . Bird homered off Ken Giles with two outs in the ninth	False
Carlos Correa and Yuli Gurriel hit RBI singles in the fourth off loser Masahiro Tanaka , and left fielder Marwin Gonzalez threw out Bird at the plate trying to score on Aaron Judge 's two - out single in the fifth . Bird homered off Ken Giles with two outs in the ninth , and the closer struck out pinch-hitter Jacoby Ellsbury . Giles , who threw a season-high 37 pitches , escaped a two - out jam in the eighth	True
Houston is in the Championship Series for the first time since beating St. Louis in 2005 . The Yankees , who overcame a 2 - 0 deficit to beat Cleveland in the Division Series , lost their sixth straight ALCS game since 2010 . After the Astros totaled eight runs in the first innings of their four AL Division Series games , Tanaka kept the Astros hitless until Altuve 's infield single rolled through the pitcher 's legs in the fourth	True
Houston is in the Championship Series for the first time since beating St. Louis in 2005 . The Yankees , who overcame a 2 - 0 deficit to beat Cleveland in the Division Series , lost their sixth straight ALCS game since 2010 . After the Astros totaled eight runs in the first innings of their four AL Division Series games , Tanaka kept the Astros hitless until Altuve 's infield single rolled through the pitcher 's legs in the fourth . Altuve swiped second	False
After the Astros totaled eight runs in the first innings of their four AL Division Series games , Tanaka kept the Astros hitless until Altuve 's infield single rolled through the pitcher 's legs in the fourth . Altuve swiped second before scoring on Correa 's single . Gurriel followed with a two - out single , his 10th hit of the postseason . Bird singled to start the fifth	True
After the Astros totaled eight runs in the first innings of their four AL Division Series games , Tanaka kept the Astros hitless until Altuve 's infield single rolled through the pitcher 's legs in the fourth . Altuve swiped second before scoring on Correa 's single . Gurriel followed with a two - out single , his 10th hit of the postseason . Bird singled to start the fifth and Matt Holliday , making his first appearance of the postseason , reached when Altuve dropped his slow bouncer to second	False
They trailed 4 - 1 , then led 8 - 4 and 9 - 6 , in a game that lasted more than 4 1/2 hours and ended after midnight Friday . Catcher Willson Contreras picked off Jose Lobaton at first base to quash a Washington threat in the eighth	True
This one was played exactly five years to the day after the decider against the Cardinals , which the Nationals lost 9 - 7 in Washington . Just like that night , the Nationals started Gio Gonzalez . Just like that night , Washington raced out to an early lead ( 6 - 0 then ) . And just like that night , Gonzalez had control problems and started giving back some of the edge . Homers by Daniel Murphy and Michael A. Taylor -- whose grand slam off Davis backed Stephen Strasburg 's 12-strikeout masterpiece in Washington 's 5 - 0 victory in Game 4 on Wednesday at Wrigley Field -- gave the hosts a 4 - 1 lead in the second	True
Homers by Daniel Murphy and Michael A. Taylor -- whose grand slam off Davis backed Stephen Strasburg 's 12-strikeout masterpiece in Washington 's 5 - 0 victory in Game 4 on Wednesday at Wrigley Field -- gave the hosts a 4 - 1 lead in the second against Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks . But Gonzalez gave back two of those runs , so it was 4 - 3 as two - time Cy Young Award winner Scherzer entered for the fifth	True
The play was not reviewable under the challenge rules . Russell made it 8 - 4 in the sixth	True
Russell made it 8 - 4 in the sixth on an RBI double when left fielder Jayson Werth tried to make a sliding catch but whiffed . Werth said he lost the ball in the lights . The lead was 9 - 6 before Washington got one run in the seventh	False
Russell made it 8 - 4 in the sixth on an RBI double when left fielder Jayson Werth tried to make a sliding catch but whiffed . Werth said he lost the ball in the lights . The lead was 9 - 6 before Washington got one run in the seventh on Harper 's sacrifice fly and one in the eighth	False
The lead was 9 - 6 before Washington got one run in the seventh on Harper 's sacrifice fly and one in the eighth on Taylor 's RBI single . But the Nationals wasted some opportunities . In the eighth	True
The lead was 9 - 6 before Washington got one run in the seventh on Harper 's sacrifice fly and one in the eighth on Taylor 's RBI single . But the Nationals wasted some opportunities . In the eighth , with two on and no outs , pinch hitter Adam Lind hit into a double play . Later in that inning , again with two men aboard , Lobaton was nailed by Contreras ' snap throw for the third	False
But the Nationals wasted some opportunities . In the eighth , with two on and no outs , pinch hitter Adam Lind hit into a double play . Later in that inning , again with two men aboard , Lobaton was nailed by Contreras ' snap throw for the third out . Lobaton was originally ruled safe , and the call was overturned on replay . In the seventh	True
The Astros will open the ALCS on Friday , either at Cleveland or at home against the New York Yankees . The Indians and Yankees will play a decisive Game 5 on Wednesday night . The Red Sox forced a Game 4 after losing the first two games in Houston , and then took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Minnesota , the first team to follow a 100-loss season with a playoff appearance , lost its 13th consecutive postseason game , tying the record set by Boston from 1986 - 95 . The Twins have been eliminated by the Yankees in five of their last six postseason appearances and have not won a playoff series since 2002 . New York won nine regular-season games after trailing by three runs , according to the Elias Sports Bureau -- including when Severino fell behind against the Twins on Sept. 20 as New York rebounded to complete a series sweep . Gregorius erased the deficit in this one four batters into the bottom of the first	True
New York won nine regular-season games after trailing by three runs , according to the Elias Sports Bureau -- including when Severino fell behind against the Twins on Sept. 20 as New York rebounded to complete a series sweep . Gregorius erased the deficit in this one four batters into the bottom of the first . Judge , the 6-foot-7 sensation who set a rookie record with 52 home runs , was given a Ruthian ovation , with several sections of fans holding signs in his honor spelling out `` All Rise ! '' He scored three runs , hitting a single to help ignite the first-inning rally , smoking a 108 mph home run off loser Jose Berrios in the fourth	True
New York won nine regular-season games after trailing by three runs , according to the Elias Sports Bureau -- including when Severino fell behind against the Twins on Sept. 20 as New York rebounded to complete a series sweep . Gregorius erased the deficit in this one four batters into the bottom of the first . Judge , the 6-foot-7 sensation who set a rookie record with 52 home runs , was given a Ruthian ovation , with several sections of fans holding signs in his honor spelling out `` All Rise ! '' He scored three runs , hitting a single to help ignite the first-inning rally , smoking a 108 mph home run off loser Jose Berrios in the fourth and walking in the seventh	True
At 23 , Severino was the youngest Yankees postseason starter since Andy Pettitte in 1995 . The right-hander lasted only 29 pitches on a crisp autumn night and matched the Yankees ' shortest postseason start , by Bob Turley in Game 2 of the 1958 World Series and Art Ditmar in the 1960 World Series opener . Severino was shaking his head as walked to the dugout and Green replaced him with runners at second	False
At 23 , Severino was the youngest Yankees postseason starter since Andy Pettitte in 1995 . The right-hander lasted only 29 pitches on a crisp autumn night and matched the Yankees ' shortest postseason start , by Bob Turley in Game 2 of the 1958 World Series and Art Ditmar in the 1960 World Series opener . Severino was shaking his head as walked to the dugout and Green replaced him with runners at second and third	False
At 23 , Severino was the youngest Yankees postseason starter since Andy Pettitte in 1995 . The right-hander lasted only 29 pitches on a crisp autumn night and matched the Yankees ' shortest postseason start , by Bob Turley in Game 2 of the 1958 World Series and Art Ditmar in the 1960 World Series opener . Severino was shaking his head as walked to the dugout and Green replaced him with runners at second and third . Green struck out Buxton and Jason Castro , then fanned three in a row in the second	True
Severino was shaking his head as walked to the dugout and Green replaced him with runners at second and third . Green struck out Buxton and Jason Castro , then fanned three in a row in the second . Robertson came in with the bases loaded in the third	True
Robertson came in with the bases loaded in the third and allowed Buxton 's RBI grounder , then struck out Castro . Robertson tired in the sixth	True
Robertson tired in the sixth but earned the win , leaving after 52 pitches and 3 1/3 innings . His only longer professional outing was 3 2/3 innings for Double-A Trenton in April 2008 . Kahnle relieved with a runner on and retired Joe Mauer on a flyout to the warning track . After Kahnle threw 2 1/3 perfect innings , Chapman struck out three around a hit in the ninth	True
A pitcher named Santana -- Johan Santana -- beat the Yankees for the Twins ' last postseason win in 2004 . But Ervin Santana 's career postseason ERA climbed to 6.57 , contributing to a first inning that lasted 45 minutes and three innings that took 1:43 . Gardner walked leading off , Judge poked a single to center and Gregorius lined a fastball over the right-field scoreboard . Brushed off the plate by a 2 - 2 pitch in the second	True
Gardner walked leading off , Judge poked a single to center and Gregorius lined a fastball over the right-field scoreboard . Brushed off the plate by a 2 - 2 pitch in the second , Gardner sent Santana 's next offering into the second deck in right for a 4 - 3 lead . Green struck out the side in the second	True
Gardner walked leading off , Judge poked a single to center and Gregorius lined a fastball over the right-field scoreboard . Brushed off the plate by a 2 - 2 pitch in the second , Gardner sent Santana 's next offering into the second deck in right for a 4 - 3 lead . Green struck out the side in the second , but left in the third	True
After winning the AL West title the past two seasons , the Rangers ( 78 - 84 ) slipped from 95 wins last year . They finished tied with Seattle for third place , 23 games behind division champion Houston . Texas did n't have a base runner against Mengden ( 3 - 2 ) until Adrian Beltre 's 3,048th career hit , a single leading off the fifth	True
Texas did n't have a base runner against Mengden ( 3 - 2 ) until Adrian Beltre 's 3,048th career hit , a single leading off the fifth . Mengden , a second-year big leaguer who had foot surgery and a strained right oblique this season , walked one and allowed only four singles . Khris Davis hit his career-best 43rd homer for the Athletics ( 75 - 87 ) , who finished at the bottom of the AL West for the third consecutive season , a franchise first	False
After being lifted for a pinch-runner , Beltre got an extended ovation from the crowd that included a curtain call . The 38-year-old third baseman , who hit .312 in his 20th major league season , is signed with the Rangers through next season . Blake Treinen worked the ninth	True
Blake Treinen worked the ninth for his 16th save in 21 chances . Oakland went ahead to stay after four consecutive hits to open the third	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Doug Fister was waiting for a phone call in free agency this time last year after making 32 starts for the Houston Astros in 2016 , the year before they won their first World Series . The right-hander was the first	False
Fister tossed five effective innings in his Texas debut , Nomar Mazara homered for an early lead and the Rangers beat the Astros 5 - 1 on Friday night . The 34-year-old Fister ( 1 - 0 ) limited Houston to Max Stassi 's RBI double in the fifth	True
The 34-year-old Fister ( 1 - 0 ) limited Houston to Max Stassi 's RBI double in the fifth in his second win in eight career starts in his new home ballpark , where he had an 8.73 ERA coming in . He gave up four hits , struck out three and walked three . Four relievers finished the five - hitter , capped by Keone Kela pitching around a walk in the ninth	True
Keuchel ( 0 - 1 ) allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings for the defending champs , who had a five - game winning streak against Texas after taking the season opener . Mazara , who had one homer in 123 at-bats against left-handers last season , went deep in his first lefty-lefty matchup this season . The solo liner just to the right of berm in center field came in the second inning . He also walked and scored in the fourth	True
After facing a four - man outfield in four hitless at-bats on opening day , Texas slugger Joey Gallo had two hits , including an RBI double off the top of the wall in center , against a more traditional shift . Chris Martin and Alex Claudio each had a bases-loaded strikeout to preserve a 3 - 1 lead in a bizarre sixth inning . The Astros loaded the bases after Odor threw about 30 feet wide of first	False
Chris Martin and Alex Claudio each had a bases-loaded strikeout to preserve a 3 - 1 lead in a bizarre sixth inning . The Astros loaded the bases after Odor threw about 30 feet wide of first in the middle of turning around on a botched double-play attempt that did n't get anybody out . Jose Altuve was initially allowed to score when Odor 's throw went into the Texas dugout but was called back to third	False
Tampa Bay has won nine of its last 10 games after a 4 - 13 start . With the game scoreless , Detroit closer Shane Greene ( 1 - 2 ) walked Denard Span to start the ninth	True
Chaz Roe , who has never recorded a save in six major-league seasons , started the inning , but loaded the bases with one out on two hit batters and an infield single . Jose Alvarado allowed a two - run single to Victor Martinez , then retired James McCann before walking John Hicks to load the bases again . Dixon Machado then grounded into a game-ending force at second	False
Jose Iglesias helped Zimmermann with two outstanding plays in the third inning . He made a leaping catch of Sucre 's soft liner , then dived to his right to grab Cron 's line drive . Iglesias doubled with one out in the bottom of the inning , but was stranded at third	False
Iglesias doubled with one out in the bottom of the inning , but was stranded at third . The Rays got a runner to third	False
Iglesias doubled with one out in the bottom of the inning , but was stranded at third . The Rays got a runner to third with two outs in the seventh	True
Adam Jones had three hits , including his fourth home run of the season for the Orioles , who have lost 11 of 12 and are 1 - 5 on the current nine - game homestand . Manny Machado had two hits and earned his team-leading 18th RBI . Danny Valencia cut the margin to 8 - 5 with a homer in the eighth	True
The Rays got off to a fast start against Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 3 ) when Denard Span led off the game with a walk and Cron followed with a homer . Ramos provided a 4 - 0 lead an inning later with another two - run shot . Tampa Bay continued to pull away on RBI singles by Daniel Robertson and Ramos that boosted the margin to 6 - 0 in the third	True
Tampa Bay continued to pull away on RBI singles by Daniel Robertson and Ramos that boosted the margin to 6 - 0 in the third . Bundy had given up a total of five earned runs in his five previous starts . The Orioles scored a pair of runs in the third	True
Tampa Bay continued to pull away on RBI singles by Daniel Robertson and Ramos that boosted the margin to 6 - 0 in the third . Bundy had given up a total of five earned runs in his five previous starts . The Orioles scored a pair of runs in the third on a double by Trey Mancini and a single by Machado . Joey Wendle and Mallex Smith answered for the Rays with RBI singles that increased the lead to 8 - 2 in the fifth	True
Alex Bregman hit a three - run double and Jake Marisnick homered for Houston . The Angels had also won 11 straight road games in 1988 . Ken Giles pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Nick Tropeano ( 1 - 2 ) retired the first 11 batters he faced , striking out six . With two outs in the fourth	True
After Altuve 's homer , he gleefully skipped off the field into a cold dugout full of players , coaches and staff who were intent on completely ignoring him . He pretended to high-five teammates in the air , laughing and put his helmet down before his teammates finally cracked and celebrated with him . Marisnick also put one into the Crawford Boxes in left field , making it 5 - 2 in the seventh	True
Marisnick also put one into the Crawford Boxes in left field , making it 5 - 2 in the seventh . Correa extended his hitting streak to 10 games with a double in the sixth	True
Correa extended his hitting streak to 10 games with a double in the sixth . Pujols hit a line drive homer to deep left-center in the seventh	False
Corey Dickerson also had three hits for Pittsburgh , and Colin Moran homered . Daniel Stumpf ( 1 - 0 ) retired all four batters he faced for his first major league win . Shane Greene pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Tigers starter Jordan Zimmermann lasted just three innings , giving up six runs and six hits . Detroit added an insurance run in the ninth	True
Castellanos ' two - run shot off Kyle Crick capped a five - run fourth inning and gave the Tigers an 8 - 6 lead . McCann led off with his homer and Cabrera hit a two - run double in the frame . Cervelli 's single got the Pirates within 8 - 7 in the fifth	True
Cervelli 's single got the Pirates within 8 - 7 in the fifth . However , Candelario countered with a leadoff home run in the sixth	True
Cervelli 's single got the Pirates within 8 - 7 in the fifth . However , Candelario countered with a leadoff home run in the sixth and the Tigers scored three times in the eighth	False
Moustakas hit a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Kansas City Royals outlasted the Detroit Tigers 8 - 5 on Sunday to earn a split of their four - game series . Abraham Almonte hit a grand slam in the sixth	True
Abraham Almonte hit a grand slam in the sixth to give the Royals a 5 - 2 lead , but Detroit tied it with three runs in the bottom of the inning . Kansas City took the lead again when Drew VerHagen ( 0 - 1 ) walked two batters in the seventh	True
The Royals won for only the second time in 12 games , and Moustakas extended his hitting streak to 14 . Kevin McCarthy ( 1 - 0 ) became the first Kansas City reliever credited with a win this season , although that came after he let the lead slip away in the sixth	True
The Royals won for only the second time in 12 games , and Moustakas extended his hitting streak to 14 . Kevin McCarthy ( 1 - 0 ) became the first Kansas City reliever credited with a win this season , although that came after he let the lead slip away in the sixth . Brian Flynn pitched two scoreless innings of relief for the Royals , and Kelvin Herrera worked a perfect ninth	True
Kevin McCarthy ( 1 - 0 ) became the first Kansas City reliever credited with a win this season , although that came after he let the lead slip away in the sixth . Brian Flynn pitched two scoreless innings of relief for the Royals , and Kelvin Herrera worked a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Detroit starter Francisco Liriano took a no-hitter into the sixth	True
Detroit starter Francisco Liriano took a no-hitter into the sixth before Whit Merrifield led off with a homer to left . With two on and one out , Alex Wilson came on in relief and walked his first batter to load the bases . Almonte followed with a drive to right for his second career grand slam . Royals starter Eric Skoglund walked the first two hitters of the bottom of the sixth	False
Detroit starter Francisco Liriano took a no-hitter into the sixth before Whit Merrifield led off with a homer to left . With two on and one out , Alex Wilson came on in relief and walked his first batter to load the bases . Almonte followed with a drive to right for his second career grand slam . Royals starter Eric Skoglund walked the first two hitters of the bottom of the sixth , then was relieved by McCarthy . Nicholas Castellanos greeted him with an RBI single , and an error by left fielder Paulo Orlando left men at second	False
Detroit starter Francisco Liriano took a no-hitter into the sixth before Whit Merrifield led off with a homer to left . With two on and one out , Alex Wilson came on in relief and walked his first batter to load the bases . Almonte followed with a drive to right for his second career grand slam . Royals starter Eric Skoglund walked the first two hitters of the bottom of the sixth , then was relieved by McCarthy . Nicholas Castellanos greeted him with an RBI single , and an error by left fielder Paulo Orlando left men at second and third	False
Royals starter Eric Skoglund walked the first two hitters of the bottom of the sixth , then was relieved by McCarthy . Nicholas Castellanos greeted him with an RBI single , and an error by left fielder Paulo Orlando left men at second and third . One out later , JaCoby Jones hit an RBI single , and James McCann added a sacrifice fly to make it 5-all . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Bryant left in the first inning after he was hit by a 96 mph pitch from German Marquez . The ball made a loud sound as it hit off the underside of the flap of Bryant 's helmet . Cubs spokesman Peter Chase said Bryant passed tests and had no sign of a concussion but had a cut over his left eye . More than three hours later after Bryant was helped off the4 field , David Dahl 's two - out walk against Brandon Morrow loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth	True
An announced crowd of 40,137 that included many Cubs fans waited patiently for the ruling , and half of Coors Field erupted in cheers when the play was upheld . Tommy La Stella , Kyle Schwarber and Victor Caratini hit RBI singles later in the first	True
An announced crowd of 40,137 that included many Cubs fans waited patiently for the ruling , and half of Coors Field erupted in cheers when the play was upheld . Tommy La Stella , Kyle Schwarber and Victor Caratini hit RBI singles later in the first off Marquez ( 1 - 2 ) . Javier Baez 's seventh homer made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
An announced crowd of 40,137 that included many Cubs fans waited patiently for the ruling , and half of Coors Field erupted in cheers when the play was upheld . Tommy La Stella , Kyle Schwarber and Victor Caratini hit RBI singles later in the first off Marquez ( 1 - 2 ) . Javier Baez 's seventh homer made it 4 - 0 in the second and Jason Heyward had a two - run single in the third	False
Jose Quintana ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , raising his big league total to 1,004 . Trevor Story hit a two - run triple in the third	True
Jose Quintana ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , raising his big league total to 1,004 . Trevor Story hit a two - run triple in the third on a fly ball Heyward loss in the sun , and home runs on consecutive pitches by Charlie Blackmon and Arenado cut the Rockies ' deficit to 6 - 4 in the fifth	True
Jose Quintana ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He struck out seven , raising his big league total to 1,004 . Trevor Story hit a two - run triple in the third on a fly ball Heyward loss in the sun , and home runs on consecutive pitches by Charlie Blackmon and Arenado cut the Rockies ' deficit to 6 - 4 in the fifth . Each team scored three runs in the seventh	False
Belt 's homer in the Giants ' 4 - 3 victory Wednesday was the 100th of his career and he made it 101 with a solo shot off Greinke in the second inning . Greinke gave up a single to Gregor Blanco in the third	True
Blach was sharp early after yielding four earned runs against San Diego in his previous outing . David Peralta had a run-scoring single in the third	True
Blach was sharp early after yielding four earned runs against San Diego in his previous outing . David Peralta had a run-scoring single in the third . The left-hander left one up in the zone in the sixth	True
Kurt Suzuki had three hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer off Harvey in the first inning . Todd Frazier opened the fifth	True
Kurt Suzuki had three hits and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer off Harvey in the first inning . Todd Frazier opened the fifth with a homer over the 400-foot marker in center field for the Mets ' only run off Wisler . Adrian Gonzalez led off the eighth	True
Todd Frazier opened the fifth with a homer over the 400-foot marker in center field for the Mets ' only run off Wisler . Adrian Gonzalez led off the eighth with a homer off Lucas Sims . The Mets , who scored nine runs in the eighth inning on Wednesday night to beat Washington 11 - 5 , scored three in the eighth	True
The Mets , who scored nine runs in the eighth inning on Wednesday night to beat Washington 11 - 5 , scored three in the eighth . Sims ' bases-loaded walk to pinch-hitter Brandon Nimmo forced in a run . Wisler retired the first 11 batters before Asdrubal Cabrera singled in the fourth	True
After giving up the 455-foot blast , Paxton settled down by pounding the inside part of the plate . Nick Vincent and Juan Nicasio got the ball to closer Edwin Diaz , and he pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Nick Vincent and Juan Nicasio got the ball to closer Edwin Diaz , and he pitched a scoreless ninth for his AL-leading seventh save . Nelson Cruz hit his third home run in five games with his tying solo blast off Keuchel with two outs in the fourth	True
Nelson Cruz hit his third home run in five games with his tying solo blast off Keuchel with two outs in the fourth . Catcher David Freitas led off the sixth	True
SAN DIEGO -- The old Tyson Ross is back , which is a good thing for the San Diego Padres . Ross hit an RBI single with the bases loaded to snap a scoreless tie in the fifth	True
Ross said he was happier with his hit than with his strong performance on the mound . Ross ( 2 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run on seven hits while striking out five and walking one . He exited in the seventh	True
Ross said he was happier with his hit than with his strong performance on the mound . Ross ( 2 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run on seven hits while striking out five and walking one . He exited in the seventh after a single and an error on shortstop Freddy Galvis put runners on first	False
Ross said he was happier with his hit than with his strong performance on the mound . Ross ( 2 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run on seven hits while striking out five and walking one . He exited in the seventh after a single and an error on shortstop Freddy Galvis put runners on first and second	False
His comeback has been impressive so far . Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres leading off the seventh	True
His comeback has been impressive so far . Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres leading off the seventh , his second	False
Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres leading off the seventh , his second . Brad Hand came on with runners at first	False
Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres leading off the seventh , his second . Brad Hand came on with runners at first and second	False
Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres leading off the seventh , his second . Brad Hand came on with runners at first and second and one out in the ninth	True
Brad Hand came on with runners at first and second and one out in the ninth to get his fifth save . The Padres jumped on Ty Blach ( 1 - 2 ) for two runs and four hits in the fifth	True
Brad Hand came on with runners at first and second and one out in the ninth to get his fifth save . The Padres jumped on Ty Blach ( 1 - 2 ) for two runs and four hits in the fifth , with a fielding error by first baseman Brandon Belt leading to one of the runs being unearned . San Diego added two runs on three consecutive hits opening the sixth	True
The Padres jumped on Ty Blach ( 1 - 2 ) for two runs and four hits in the fifth , with a fielding error by first baseman Brandon Belt leading to one of the runs being unearned . San Diego added two runs on three consecutive hits opening the sixth to chase the left-hander . Jose Pirela also hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
The Padres jumped on Ty Blach ( 1 - 2 ) for two runs and four hits in the fifth , with a fielding error by first baseman Brandon Belt leading to one of the runs being unearned . San Diego added two runs on three consecutive hits opening the sixth to chase the left-hander . Jose Pirela also hit an RBI single in the fifth . In the sixth	True
The Pirates , who entered leading the NL in batting , slugging and runs scored , were held to five hits . Elias Diaz homered in the fifth	True
Elias Diaz homered in the fifth , driving in both of Pittsburgh 's runs for a 2 - 1 lead . The Marlins scored three runs in bottom half of the fifth	True
Elias Diaz homered in the fifth , driving in both of Pittsburgh 's runs for a 2 - 1 lead . The Marlins scored three runs in bottom half of the fifth on an odd play when Starlin Castro hit a sacrifice fly with the bases loaded . After receiving the throw home , Diaz sailed a throw to second	False
The Marlins scored three runs in bottom half of the fifth on an odd play when Starlin Castro hit a sacrifice fly with the bases loaded . After receiving the throw home , Diaz sailed a throw to second into center field with nobody in the vicinity to track down his mistake . The errant throw allowed two more runs to score . Lewis Brinson snapped a string of 26 hitless at-bats with a single in the sixth	True
Lewis Brinson snapped a string of 26 hitless at-bats with a single in the sixth , chasing Kuhl . Bour 's two - run homer to right , his third	False
Lewis Brinson snapped a string of 26 hitless at-bats with a single in the sixth , chasing Kuhl . Bour 's two - run homer to right , his third of the season , extended Miami 's lead to 7 - 2 in the seventh	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Shohei Ohtani never saw such a quick pickoff move by Chris Martin when they were teammates in Japan . Ohtani had an RBI single in the second inning that put the Los Angeles Angels ahead to stay , but was picked off first base in the eighth	True
Ohtani had an RBI single in the second inning that put the Los Angeles Angels ahead to stay , but was picked off first base in the eighth by his former teammate in a 7 - 2 victory Wednesday night over the Texas Rangers . Ohtani was in the lineup for the first time since homering in each of his three starts as designated hitter last week . The 23-year-old rookie two - way sensation put the Angels up 1 - 0 in the second	True
Elvis Andrus has a broken right elbow after being hit by a pitch in the ninth inning . Andrus was clearly in pain when he dropped to the ground . Dr. Keith Meister , the team 's physician , did initial X-rays and an examination at the stadium , and the team said those indicated the probability of a fracture . Andrus ' elbow was put in a splint and he will be examined further Thursday , the team 's first	False
Matt Moore ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs while allowing seven hits and three walks in five innings as the Rangers lost their fourth straight game . After Ohtani drew a leadoff walk in the eighth	True
After Ohtani drew a leadoff walk in the eighth , Martin came on as the fourth Texas pitcher . The two played together with the Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters the last two seasons . Ohtani was called out on an attempted pickoff by Martin , but umpire Bill Miller 's call was overturned on a replay challenge . Martin then got Ohtani out on another move to first	False
It was Ohtani 's first DH start since pitching seven scoreless innings with 12 strikeouts against Oakland on Sunday to improve to 2 - 0 on the mound . He grounded out as a pinch-hitter Tuesday . In six games with an at-bat , Ohtani is hitting .364 with three homers and eight RBI . He also took a called third strike Wednesday and was retired leading off the sixth	True
Mallex Smith matched a career-high with four hits , Alex Colome worked out of a jam in the ninth inning and the Rays stopped an eight - game losing streak by hanging on to beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 4 on a snowy and soggy Monday . A bullpen that blew late leads in two of the three games at Boston last weekend got the job done after a shaky start by Chris Archer ( 1 - 0 ) . Colome escaped a second-and-third jam in the ninth	True
Mallex Smith matched a career-high with four hits , Alex Colome worked out of a jam in the ninth inning and the Rays stopped an eight - game losing streak by hanging on to beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 4 on a snowy and soggy Monday . A bullpen that blew late leads in two of the three games at Boston last weekend got the job done after a shaky start by Chris Archer ( 1 - 0 ) . Colome escaped a second-and-third jam in the ninth by getting three straight groundouts , retiring Leury Garcia on a game-ending bouncer to first	False
Chicago lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell to 0 - 4 at Guaranteed Rate Field , matching its worst home start since 1987 . Smith had an RBI triple in the fourth	True
Chicago lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell to 0 - 4 at Guaranteed Rate Field , matching its worst home start since 1987 . Smith had an RBI triple in the fourth , then singled and scored in the sixth	False
Smith had an RBI triple in the fourth , then singled and scored in the sixth . He was also thrown out at the plate two times . Shortstop Tim Anderson nailed him trying to score on a fielder 's choice grounder by Rob Refsnyder in the fourth	True
Smith had an RBI triple in the fourth , then singled and scored in the sixth . He was also thrown out at the plate two times . Shortstop Tim Anderson nailed him trying to score on a fielder 's choice grounder by Rob Refsnyder in the fourth . Smith was also thrown out by first baseman Jose Abreu in the eighth	True
Shortstop Tim Anderson nailed him trying to score on a fielder 's choice grounder by Rob Refsnyder in the fourth . Smith was also thrown out by first baseman Jose Abreu in the eighth when he tried to steal home with runners on the corners . The Rays won after a skid that included five one - run losses . Joey Wendle led off a two - run fifth	True
Tampa Bay 's bullpen came through after Archer gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 52/3 innings . Sergio Romo pitched 1 1/3 innings , striking out Avisail Garcia with runners on second	False
Tampa Bay 's bullpen came through after Archer gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 52/3 innings . Sergio Romo pitched 1 1/3 innings , striking out Avisail Garcia with runners on second and third	False
Tampa Bay 's bullpen came through after Archer gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in 52/3 innings . Sergio Romo pitched 1 1/3 innings , striking out Avisail Garcia with runners on second and third to end the eighth	True
Sergio Romo pitched 1 1/3 innings , striking out Avisail Garcia with runners on second and third to end the eighth . Colome , who led the majors with 47 saves last year , escaped in the ninth	True
Colome , who led the majors with 47 saves last year , escaped in the ninth after blowing two opportunities in Boston over the weekend . He walked Abreu and gave up a single to Nicky Delmonico that put runners on first	False
Colome , who led the majors with 47 saves last year , escaped in the ninth after blowing two opportunities in Boston over the weekend . He walked Abreu and gave up a single to Nicky Delmonico that put runners on first and second	False
Colome , who led the majors with 47 saves last year , escaped in the ninth after blowing two opportunities in Boston over the weekend . He walked Abreu and gave up a single to Nicky Delmonico that put runners on first and second with none out . They moved up on a wild pitch , and Yolmer Sanchez bounced out to the pitcher . Tim Anderson grounded to third	False
Stassi 's first home run of the year bounced off the facade behind left field , scoring Josh Reddick and Marwin Gonzalez , who led off the fifth inning with singles . Reddick later added a solo home run , also off of Padres starter Tyson Ross ( 1 - 1 ) , to push Houston 's lead back to three runs after San Diego scored in the sixth	True
Reddick later added a solo home run , also off of Padres starter Tyson Ross ( 1 - 1 ) , to push Houston 's lead back to three runs after San Diego scored in the sixth . Austin Hedges grounded into a fielder 's choice to score Chase Headley for San Diego . Headley advanced to second	False
The Astros now head to Minnesota , where Monday 's forecast calls for temperatures in the 30s . Brad Peacock pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Astros now head to Minnesota , where Monday 's forecast calls for temperatures in the 30s . Brad Peacock pitched a scoreless ninth to pick up his first save of the season . Houston 's bullpen allowed just one base runner after Morton left the game after the sixth	True
Dickerson had three hits , including a triple , and Jordy Mercer had two doubles among his three hits . The Pirates had 15 hits , including two each by Marte and Josh Harrison . Harrison also drove in two runs and Josh Bell drew three walks . Gregory Polanco hit a two - run double during a four - run seventh	True
Jesse Winker had three hits for the Reds , and Joey Votto , Jose Peraza and Castillo added two each . Cincinnati hit into three double plays and stranded 10 runners in losing for the fifth time in six games . Moran and Mercer hit back-to-back RBI doubles in the second inning . The Reds tied it in the third	True
Jesse Winker had three hits for the Reds , and Joey Votto , Jose Peraza and Castillo added two each . Cincinnati hit into three double plays and stranded 10 runners in losing for the fifth time in six games . Moran and Mercer hit back-to-back RBI doubles in the second inning . The Reds tied it in the third on run-scoring singles by Winker and Votto but did n't score again until the ninth	True
The Arizona left-hander was 0 - 8 in his past 10 appearances against the Dodgers . Corbin ( 2 - 0 ) retired 14 batters in a row to start the game , eight on strikeouts . The Dodgers struggled to make solid contact , and it took Matt Kemp 's bloop double with two outs in the fifth	True
Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said he could tell early in the game that Corbin had dominant stuff . Brad Boxberger earned his second save with a scoreless ninth	True
Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said he could tell early in the game that Corbin had dominant stuff . Brad Boxberger earned his second save with a scoreless ninth . The Dodgers had only four base runners , two in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks scored a run in each of the first three innings . In the first	True
The Diamondbacks scored a run in each of the first three innings . In the first , leadoff man Jarrod Dyson doubled past drawn-in first baseman Kike Hernandez , took third	False
In the first , leadoff man Jarrod Dyson doubled past drawn-in first baseman Kike Hernandez , took third on a groundout and scored on Paul Goldschmidt 's groundout . Chris Owings led off the second	True
In the first , leadoff man Jarrod Dyson doubled past drawn-in first baseman Kike Hernandez , took third on a groundout and scored on Paul Goldschmidt 's groundout . Chris Owings led off the second with a double , stole third	False
Chris Owings led off the second with a double , stole third with one out and scored on Devin Marrero 's sacrifice fly . Arizona began each of the first three innings with a leadoff double , including Corbin 's in the third	True
Arizona began each of the first three innings with a leadoff double , including Corbin 's in the third . Corbin was sacrificed to third	False
Mets relievers dominated in a game that started 97 minutes late because of rain . Former starter Robert Gsellman ( 1 - 0 ) threw two perfect innings . Hansel Robles struck out the side in his first appearance this season . A. J. Ramos pitched a scoreless eighth	True
New York 's bullpen has allowed just three runs in 20 1/3 innings ( 1.33 ERA ) , and the pitching staff as a whole has a franchise-record 61 strikeouts through the season 's first five games . With runners at the corners and two outs in the sixth	True
Cespedes jumped on Aaron Nola 's hanging curveball in the first inning , sending it off the facing of the second deck in left field to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies tied it in the third	True
Cespedes jumped on Aaron Nola 's hanging curveball in the first inning , sending it off the facing of the second deck in left field to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Phillies tied it in the third on some timely hitting , a botched rundown and a steal of home . Cesar Hernandez singled and advanced to third	False
The Phillies tied it in the third on some timely hitting , a botched rundown and a steal of home . Cesar Hernandez singled and advanced to third on Carlos Santana 's double . Williams followed with an RBI groundout , moving Santana to third	False
Williams followed with an RBI groundout , moving Santana to third and scoring Hernandez -- snapping a 19-inning scoreless streak . Rhys Hoskins walked and tried to steal second	False
The Cubs ? Still trying to locate their offense . Rookie Tyler Mahle pitched one - hit ball for six innings , Raisel Iglesias fanned Anthony Rizzo with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
Cincinnati was swept at home by Washington , falling to 0 - 3 for the first time since 2003 . It also trailed in all 27 innings -- the Nationals scored in the first inning each time . After their traditional opening parade , the Reds finally got a lead , too , when Eugenio Suarez tripled in the fourth	True
The Cubs were coming off a 6 - 0 loss in Miami and managed only four baserunners against Mahle , who walked two , hit one and struck out a career-high seven . Ian Happ singled in the eighth	True
In two appearances , he has lost a game and blown a three - run lead . No one expects that from one of the game 's most dominant closers . Chris Owings hit a three - run homer off Jansen with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
In two appearances , he has lost a game and blown a three - run lead . No one expects that from one of the game 's most dominant closers . Chris Owings hit a three - run homer off Jansen with two outs in the bottom of the ninth to force extra innings , and the Arizona Diamondbacks scored twice in the 15th	True
Or , more accurately , a special morning . Chase Utley 's RBI single shortly after midnight put the Dodgers up 7 - 6 in the 15th	True
Both teams used all their available relievers . Mathis was going to pitch if the game had remained tied . Wilmer Font ( 0 - 1 ) threw four scoreless innings before giving up two runs in the 15th	True
Wilmer Font ( 0 - 1 ) threw four scoreless innings before giving up two runs in the 15th . Fernando Salas ( 1 - 1 ) went three innings to get the win . Jansen blew one save in 42 opportunities in 2017 , but this season has not started well . The Dodgers ' closer gave up a home run to Joe Panik in a 1 - 0 loss to San Francisco in his first outing on Friday , then squandered a three - run lead in his second	True
Owings became just the fourth player to hit a three - run homer or grand slam against Jansen , who was touched up a bit in the World Series last year , too . The right-hander gave up two homers , took a loss and blew one of his three save chances against the Houston Astros . Yasiel Puig made two fine defensive plays for the Dodgers in the 14th	True
Owings became just the fourth player to hit a three - run homer or grand slam against Jansen , who was touched up a bit in the World Series last year , too . The right-hander gave up two homers , took a loss and blew one of his three save chances against the Houston Astros . Yasiel Puig made two fine defensive plays for the Dodgers in the 14th , catching Goldschmidt 's drive at the right-field fence and then throwing out Ketel Marte trying to advance to second	False
Yasiel Puig made two fine defensive plays for the Dodgers in the 14th , catching Goldschmidt 's drive at the right-field fence and then throwing out Ketel Marte trying to advance to second on a deep flyout by Pollock . Yasmani Grandal reached base in his first five plate appearances for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the first inning , but bounced out to second	False
Yasiel Puig made two fine defensive plays for the Dodgers in the 14th , catching Goldschmidt 's drive at the right-field fence and then throwing out Ketel Marte trying to advance to second on a deep flyout by Pollock . Yasmani Grandal reached base in his first five plate appearances for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the first inning , but bounced out to second with runners on first	False
Yasiel Puig made two fine defensive plays for the Dodgers in the 14th , catching Goldschmidt 's drive at the right-field fence and then throwing out Ketel Marte trying to advance to second on a deep flyout by Pollock . Yasmani Grandal reached base in his first five plate appearances for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the first inning , but bounced out to second with runners on first and third	False
Yasiel Puig made two fine defensive plays for the Dodgers in the 14th , catching Goldschmidt 's drive at the right-field fence and then throwing out Ketel Marte trying to advance to second on a deep flyout by Pollock . Yasmani Grandal reached base in his first five plate appearances for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the first inning , but bounced out to second with runners on first and third to end the 10th	True
Yasmani Grandal reached base in his first five plate appearances for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the first inning , but bounced out to second with runners on first and third to end the 10th . Logan Forsythe also homered for Los Angeles , a solo shot off Yoshihisa Hirano to break a 3-all tie in the sixth	True
Morton said the atmosphere for the home opener was intense . Brad Peacock pitched a perfect seventh	True
Morton said the atmosphere for the home opener was intense . Brad Peacock pitched a perfect seventh and Will Harris allowed one hit in the eighth	True
Orioles starter Chris Tillman ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for seven hits and four runs in four - plus innings in an uncharacteristically poor season debut . He entered with a 3 - 0 record and a 2.68 ERA in his first appearance of the year . Houston put together a fast start . George Springer and Alex Bregman began the first	True
Orioles starter Chris Tillman ( 0 - 1 ) was tagged for seven hits and four runs in four - plus innings in an uncharacteristically poor season debut . He entered with a 3 - 0 record and a 2.68 ERA in his first appearance of the year . Houston put together a fast start . George Springer and Alex Bregman began the first with consecutive doubles . Bregman advanced to third	False
Houston put together a fast start . George Springer and Alex Bregman began the first with consecutive doubles . Bregman advanced to third on a wild pitch before Jose Altuve , who was greeted with MVP chants on each trip to the plate , reached on a fielder 's choice that left Bregman out at home . Tillman walked Josh Reddick with two outs , but he retired Marwin Gonzalez to end the inning . Tillman had retired five in a row when Gonzalez led off the fourth	True
Tillman had retired five in a row when Gonzalez led off the fourth with a drive to right for his first homer of the season . Brian McCann hit a one - out single and scored when a triple by Derek Fisher sailed just out of reach of center fielder Adam Jones . Springer made it 4 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth	True
Tillman had retired five in a row when Gonzalez led off the fourth with a drive to right for his first homer of the season . Brian McCann hit a one - out single and scored when a triple by Derek Fisher sailed just out of reach of center fielder Adam Jones . Springer made it 4 - 0 with an RBI single in the fourth , and Altuve added a run-scoring double with two out in the sixth	True
Moustakas homered , doubled and drove in four runs in the first two innings , Jorge Soler went 4 for 5 with a home run , but the Royals nearly blew the big lead before holding on for a 11 - 8 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night . Moustakas ' double in the first scored Jon Jay and Alcides Escobar . Moustakas ' 12th homer was a towering two - run shot in the second	True
According to Statcast , it had a 46-degree launch angle , the highest in the majors this season , and carried 339 feet . The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a seven - run second	True
Every Royals starter had scored in the first two innings , but it almost was n't enough . The Twins chipped away at the Royals ' lead , including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth	True
The Twins chipped away at the Royals ' lead , including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings , respectively . Miguel Sano hit a two - run double in the Twins ' four - run sixth	True
The Twins chipped away at the Royals ' lead , including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings , respectively . Miguel Sano hit a two - run double in the Twins ' four - run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's two - out single , cutting the Royals ' lead to 9 - 8 . Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth	True
The Twins chipped away at the Royals ' lead , including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings , respectively . Miguel Sano hit a two - run double in the Twins ' four - run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's two - out single , cutting the Royals ' lead to 9 - 8 . Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second	False
The Twins chipped away at the Royals ' lead , including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings , respectively . Miguel Sano hit a two - run double in the Twins ' four - run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's two - out single , cutting the Royals ' lead to 9 - 8 . Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third	False
Miguel Sano hit a two - run double in the Twins ' four - run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's two - out single , cutting the Royals ' lead to 9 - 8 . Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third , preserving the Royals ' lead . Sano had a RBI single in the third	True
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBI in that span . Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh	True
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBI in that span . Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run . Soler homered in the eighth	True
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run . Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit , matching his career high . Kevin McCarthy ( 4 - 2 ) , the fifth	True
Kevin McCarthy ( 4 - 2 ) , the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers , retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory . Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth	True
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero ( 3 - 2 ) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced . Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits , a walk and a sacrifice fly . His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15 . Jay singled in the seventh	True
The Dodgers had an injury concern , too . Two batters after Nick Williams hit a leadoff homer in the second	True
Maeda was diagnosed with a strained left hip . Arrieta was on cruise control most of the night , retiring the first six batters before Logan Forsythe singled in the third	True
The first three Phillies batters reached base against Alexander , with Odubel Herrera connecting on a two - run single to right-center field that gave Philadelphia a 3 - 0 lead . With Maeda only able to record four outs , the Dodgers used six different relievers . Not only was Alexander charged with a run , Pedro Baez gave up a run in the sixth inning and Daniel Hudson gave up two in the ninth	True
Smith struck out four to run his major league rookie lead to 69 , and walked only one in the matchup of last-place teams . It helped that the Marlins jumped Lauer for a big lead in the first	True
It helped that the Marlins jumped Lauer for a big lead in the first . Smith 's only big mistake was allowing rookie Franmil Reyes ' homer to left field leading off the second inning , his second	False
It helped that the Marlins jumped Lauer for a big lead in the first . Smith 's only big mistake was allowing rookie Franmil Reyes ' homer to left field leading off the second inning , his second . He yielded a single to pinch-hitter Travis Jankowski leading off the eighth	True
Lauer ( 1 - 3 ) lasted 2 1/3 innings , allowing five runs and seven hits while striking out three and walking two . It was the third time in seven starts he went three or fewer innings . Lauer 's struggles prompted manager Andy Green to make a double switch with one out in the third	True
Maybin was with San Diego from Nov. 13 , 2010 , when he was acquired from the Marlins , until April 5 , 2015 , when he was traded to Atlanta in a deal for Craig Kimbrel and Melvin Upton Jr . The Marlins added two runs off demoted starter Bryan Mitchell in the ninth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Another stellar performance from their ace and a big homer from their best pinch-hitter have lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to heights they have n't reached in seven years . Aaron Nola took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , Nick Williams hit his third pinch-hit homer of the year in the eighth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Another stellar performance from their ace and a big homer from their best pinch-hitter have lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to heights they have n't reached in seven years . Aaron Nola took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , Nick Williams hit his third pinch-hit homer of the year in the eighth and the Phillies moved into first	False
Aaron Nola took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , Nick Williams hit his third pinch-hit homer of the year in the eighth and the Phillies moved into first in the NL East Saturday with a 2 - 1 win over the Toronto Blue Jays . Nola did not allow a hit until Russell Martin 's RBI single to left in the seventh	True
Aaron Nola took a no-hitter into the seventh inning , Nick Williams hit his third pinch-hit homer of the year in the eighth and the Phillies moved into first in the NL East Saturday with a 2 - 1 win over the Toronto Blue Jays . Nola did not allow a hit until Russell Martin 's RBI single to left in the seventh , which tied the game at 1 . After cruising through the first six innings , Nola came back out to work the seventh	True
Williams leads the majors in pinch-hit RBIs ( 8 ) and total bases ( 19 ) . His three pinch-hit homers tied Miami 's Justin Bour for tops in baseball . Seranthony Dominguez ( 1 - 0 ) , who relieved Nola , allowed one hit in 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Luis Garcia worked the ninth	True
Seranthony Dominguez ( 1 - 0 ) , who relieved Nola , allowed one hit in 1 1/3 innings for his first major league win . Luis Garcia worked the ninth for his first save in his second opportunity . Jaime Garcia allowed five hits in seven innings and gave up his only run on Maikel Franco 's homer leading off the fifth	True
Manaea fell into a 1 - 0 hole just two batters into the game when Ahmed hit his seventh homer of the season , topping his total from a year ago . A leadoff walk to No . 9 hitter Jeff Mathis sparked a rally in the third	True
A leadoff walk to No . 9 hitter Jeff Mathis sparked a rally in the third by Arizona , with Murphy hitting a two - run double to make it 3 - 0 . Ahmed then added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Angels outfielder Chris Young misplayed Russell Martin 's first-inning line drive , allowing two runs to score and ending the longest active errorless streak in the major leagues at 236 games . Morales followed with his fourth home run this season . Happ ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , improving to 2 - 6 in eight starts against the Angels . Ryan Tepera pitched the eighth	True
He is looking a little better each time out , too . He limited the Pirates to three hits . The Pirates loaded the bases in the first	True
He is looking a little better each time out , too . He limited the Pirates to three hits . The Pirates loaded the bases in the first with the help of a pair of walks , but Harvey escaped the threat by fanning Colin Moran for the first	False
He is looking a little better each time out , too . He limited the Pirates to three hits . The Pirates loaded the bases in the first with the help of a pair of walks , but Harvey escaped the threat by fanning Colin Moran for the first of his five strikeouts . Moran hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Harvey has thrown 55 , 77 and 93 pitches in his starts for Cincinnati . He has yielded four runs and 11 hits in 14 innings . Gennett led the majors with a club-record four grand slams last season . He got his first	False
The Pirates intentionally walked Joey Votto to load the bases and bring up Gennett , who has grounded into six double plays , tied for the most on the team . Gennett also had an RBI double in the first inning and a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Gennett also had an RBI double in the first inning and a sacrifice fly in the seventh for a season-high six RBI . His career high is 10 RBI during his four - homer game against St. Louis last June 6 . The Pirates dropped their fourth	False
The victory snapped the Dodgers ' five - game skid against Colorado at home , where they are just 9 - 14 overall . Matt Kemp continued his hot hitting , going 2 for 4 with a run scored . His RBI single with two outs in the first provided the Dodgers ' first run . He fouled a pitch off his left knee in the eighth	True
At 33 , Kemp is in his second stint with the Dodgers and his .331 batting average leads the offense-starved defending NL champions . Colorado had the potential tying run at the plate in the ninth	True
Colorado had the potential tying run at the plate in the ninth against closer Kenley Jansen . After retiring Ian Desmond , Jansen gave up a ground-rule double to Chris Iannetta , who went to third	False
Colorado had the potential tying run at the plate in the ninth against closer Kenley Jansen . After retiring Ian Desmond , Jansen gave up a ground-rule double to Chris Iannetta , who went to third on pinch-hitter David Dahl 's groundout to second	False
After retiring Ian Desmond , Jansen gave up a ground-rule double to Chris Iannetta , who went to third on pinch-hitter David Dahl 's groundout to second . Jansen then struck out pinch-hitter Pat Valaika for his ninth save . The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
After retiring Ian Desmond , Jansen gave up a ground-rule double to Chris Iannetta , who went to third on pinch-hitter David Dahl 's groundout to second . Jansen then struck out pinch-hitter Pat Valaika for his ninth save . The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Desmond 's single that scored Trevor Story , who walked , stole second	False
After retiring Ian Desmond , Jansen gave up a ground-rule double to Chris Iannetta , who went to third on pinch-hitter David Dahl 's groundout to second . Jansen then struck out pinch-hitter Pat Valaika for his ninth save . The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Desmond 's single that scored Trevor Story , who walked , stole second and took third	False
Desmond went 2 for 4 with two RBI and a run scored . The Dodgers led 2 - 0 in the first	True
Desmond went 2 for 4 with two RBI and a run scored . The Dodgers led 2 - 0 in the first before Colorado scored in the second	True
Desmond went 2 for 4 with two RBI and a run scored . The Dodgers led 2 - 0 in the first before Colorado scored in the second and third	True
Desmond went 2 for 4 with two RBI and a run scored . The Dodgers led 2 - 0 in the first before Colorado scored in the second and third to tie it 2-all . Desmond homered with two outs in the second	True
Desmond went 2 for 4 with two RBI and a run scored . The Dodgers led 2 - 0 in the first before Colorado scored in the second and third to tie it 2-all . Desmond homered with two outs in the second and Nolan Arenado had an RBI single with two outs in the third	False
Dodgers starter Brock Stewart permitted two runs and five hits in four innings after being called up earlier in the day from Triple-A Oklahoma City . The right-hander was making his first start of the season for the Dodgers after three relief outings . Stewart struck out one and walked one while throwing 63 pitches , just under the limit imposed by manager Dave Roberts . Rockies starter Chad Bettis allowed two runs and three hits in five innings . He struck out four and walked three , including Puig with the bases loaded in the first	True
Arizona has lost four in a row and 10 of 11 , scoring just 22 runs in that span . Pitching in the majors for the first time in over a year , Clay Buchholz blanked the Mets on one hit until Rosario led off the sixth	True
Pitching in the majors for the first time in over a year , Clay Buchholz blanked the Mets on one hit until Rosario led off the sixth with his first home run , tying it at 1 . Cabrera batted for Syndergaard with two outs in the seventh	True
Pitching in the majors for the first time in over a year , Clay Buchholz blanked the Mets on one hit until Rosario led off the sixth with his first home run , tying it at 1 . Cabrera batted for Syndergaard with two outs in the seventh and launched a two - run shot off Jorge De La Rosa ( 0 - 2 ) . The crowd was still cheering when Rosario , batting ninth	False
Buchholz constantly mixed his fastball , curve and changeup , striking out two and walking one . He was eager to get going after his long absence , too , often bounding out of the dugout and beating the rest of his new teammates onto the field . Arizona eked out a run in the second	True
Buchholz constantly mixed his fastball , curve and changeup , striking out two and walking one . He was eager to get going after his long absence , too , often bounding out of the dugout and beating the rest of his new teammates onto the field . Arizona eked out a run in the second on Jeff Mathis ' RBI grounder . Mets right fielder Jay Bruce threw out Mathis at the plate in the fifth	True
Buchholz constantly mixed his fastball , curve and changeup , striking out two and walking one . He was eager to get going after his long absence , too , often bounding out of the dugout and beating the rest of his new teammates onto the field . Arizona eked out a run in the second on Jeff Mathis ' RBI grounder . Mets right fielder Jay Bruce threw out Mathis at the plate in the fifth when he tried to score from second	False
Freddy Galvis drove in the go-ahead run in a four - run ninth inning with San Diego 's second successful squeeze bunt of the game , and the Padres rallied to beat the Pirates 8 - 5 Sunday for their third win of the four - game series . Pittsburgh had a 5 - 4 lead into ninth	True
Franchy Cordero pinch ran for Villaneuva and pinch-hitter Cory Spangenberg fouled off a pair of bunts , then fouled off four straight pitches . On the ninth pitch of the at-bat , Spangenberg grounded to shortstop Jordy Mercer , whose wide throw hit off the glove of second baseman Josh Harrison for an error as Pirela came home with the tying run . Galvis bunted a chopper to Vazquez , who hesitated on his throw to first	False
Galvis bunted a chopper to Vazquez , who hesitated on his throw to first and then bounced it as Galvis reached with a single . After a double steal , A. J. Ellis hit a two - run single . Pitcher Jordan Lyles had squeezed in a run to give the Padres a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Vazquez blew a save for the first time in 10 chances . San Diego built its early lead on Villanueva 's two - run homer in the fourth	True
Vazquez blew a save for the first time in 10 chances . San Diego built its early lead on Villanueva 's two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run fifth	True
San Diego built its early lead on Villanueva 's two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run fifth that included Manuel Margot 's RBI groundout . Those four runs came on just four hits allowed by Trevor Williams in his six innings . Pittsburgh tied the score in the sixth	True
Lyles allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . Kirby Yates ( 3 - 0 ) allowed a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Kirby Yates ( 3 - 0 ) allowed a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth to Harrison , who had three hits in his return from the disabled list . Harrison had been out with a broken left pinkie sustained when he was hit by a pitch from Miami 's Jose Urena on April 15 . Brad Hand worked around a pair of walks in the ninth	True
Chicago has lost eight of nine and 12 of 14 , dropping to a major league-worst 10 - 28 . The White Sox have matched the poorest 38-game start in team history . Williams ( 5 - 2 ) was also helped by a Pirates offense that continued to roll . Pittsburgh scored four runs in the first inning and chased Chicago starter Reynaldo Lopez in the third	True
The tables turned from the previous game on the other side of the ball , as well . The Pirates jumped all over Lopez ( 0 - 3 ) after he had held them to two runs in 7 1/3 innings the last time out . Pittsburgh built its 4 - 0 first-inning lead on Adam Frazier 's homer , Josh Bell 's two - run double and Colin Moran 's RBI double . Sean Rodriguez and Bell also had run-scoring hits in the second	True
Pittsburgh built its 4 - 0 first-inning lead on Adam Frazier 's homer , Josh Bell 's two - run double and Colin Moran 's RBI double . Sean Rodriguez and Bell also had run-scoring hits in the second . Bell went 2 for 4 with 3 RBI . Gregory Polanco , who also had two hits , added an RBI double in the sixth	True
The news brought more tears for Pedro . A 21-year-old right-hander who was 5 - 1 this season at Colorado Springs , Peralta ( 1 - 0 ) did n't allow a hit until David Dahl hit a sharp single to center with one out in the sixth	True
His 13 strikeouts are the fourth-most in major league debuts and the most since Washington 's Stephen Strasburg had 14 on June 8 , 2010 , according to the Brewers . Peralta struck out Nolan Arenado , Carlos Gonzalez and Trevor Story in order in both the second	True
His 13 strikeouts are the fourth-most in major league debuts and the most since Washington 's Stephen Strasburg had 14 on June 8 , 2010 , according to the Brewers . Peralta struck out Nolan Arenado , Carlos Gonzalez and Trevor Story in order in both the second and fourth innings . Colorado loaded the bases in the third	True
Jon Gray ( 4 - 5 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 5 1/3 innings . Shaw and Jesus Aguilar homered for the Brewers , who opened a 7 - 0 lead by the sixth	True
Shaw and Jesus Aguilar homered for the Brewers , who opened a 7 - 0 lead by the sixth . Tyler Saladino 's RBI double and Christian Yelich 's two - run single built a three - run lead in the second	True
Shaw and Jesus Aguilar homered for the Brewers , who opened a 7 - 0 lead by the sixth . Tyler Saladino 's RBI double and Christian Yelich 's two - run single built a three - run lead in the second , Shaw made it 4 - 0 in the third	False
Shaw and Jesus Aguilar homered for the Brewers , who opened a 7 - 0 lead by the sixth . Tyler Saladino 's RBI double and Christian Yelich 's two - run single built a three - run lead in the second , Shaw made it 4 - 0 in the third with his ninth homer , and Aguilar hit a three - run homer against Harrison Musgrave in the sixth	True
Tyler Saladino 's RBI double and Christian Yelich 's two - run single built a three - run lead in the second , Shaw made it 4 - 0 in the third with his ninth homer , and Aguilar hit a three - run homer against Harrison Musgrave in the sixth . Wolters homered in the seventh	True
Tyler Saladino 's RBI double and Christian Yelich 's two - run single built a three - run lead in the second , Shaw made it 4 - 0 in the third with his ninth homer , and Aguilar hit a three - run homer against Harrison Musgrave in the sixth . Wolters homered in the seventh against Albers , and Dahl hit a two - run drive in the eighth	False
Houston 's starters have the top three ERAs in the American League led by Justin Verlander at a major league-best 1.21 . Gerrit Cole is at 1.43 and Charlie Morton at 2.03 . Shin-Soo Choo and Adrian Beltre hit consecutive singles in the first	True
Houston 's starters have the top three ERAs in the American League led by Justin Verlander at a major league-best 1.21 . Gerrit Cole is at 1.43 and Charlie Morton at 2.03 . Shin-Soo Choo and Adrian Beltre hit consecutive singles in the first , and Keuchel retired 16 of his next 17 batters around Jurickson Profar 's two - out double in the fourth	True
Shin-Soo Choo and Adrian Beltre hit consecutive singles in the first , and Keuchel retired 16 of his next 17 batters around Jurickson Profar 's two - out double in the fourth . Carlos Perez homered off Hector Rondon in the eighth	True
Shin-Soo Choo and Adrian Beltre hit consecutive singles in the first , and Keuchel retired 16 of his next 17 batters around Jurickson Profar 's two - out double in the fourth . Carlos Perez homered off Hector Rondon in the eighth . Brad Peacock struck out the side in the ninth	False
Moore has given up 18 runs and 26 hits over 12 2/3 innings in his last three starts . Yuli Gurriel hit an RBI single in the third	True
Moore has given up 18 runs and 26 hits over 12 2/3 innings in his last three starts . Yuli Gurriel hit an RBI single in the third , and Gattis had a two - run homer . Correa hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
After missing a start because of a hyperextended right elbow , DeGrom said he had control of only his fastball and slider as he walked his first three batters . New York removed him as a precaution because of the length of the inning and the 59-minute rain delay that preceded it . Philadelphia fouled off 20 pitches in the first	True
The first inning lasted 39 minutes and produced no runs . Philadelphia 's Aaron Nola ( 6 - 1 ) worked out of a bases-loaded , one - out jam by striking out Wilmer Flores and retiring Michael Conforto on a groundout . Philadelphia trailed 1 - 0 when Williams batted for Nola and connected on a slider with two outs off Sewald ( 0 - 3 ) , the second	True
Carlos Santana added an eighth-inning homer off Jeurys Famila as the Phillies won for the fifth time in six games . Yoenis Cespedes ' sixth-inning homer was the only run off Nola , who allowed nine hits in six innings . Asdrubal Cabrera hit an RBI double in the seventh	True
Yoenis Cespedes ' sixth-inning homer was the only run off Nola , who allowed nine hits in six innings . Asdrubal Cabrera hit an RBI double in the seventh against Tommy Hunter . Edubray Ramos worked around a walk in the ninth	True
New York has lost 17 of 25 after an 11 - 1 start , dropping nine of its last 11 . Luis Guillorme pinch hit for deGrom in the second	True
Arizona dropped its season-high fourth consecutive game . The Diamondbacks also lost a series for the first time after opening with 10 wins and two ties . Harper 's ringing double into the right-field corner drove in Trea Turner in the second	True
Harper 's ringing double into the right-field corner drove in Trea Turner in the second , and the Nationals loaded the bases with one out against Troy Scribner ( 0 - 1 ) . But Scribner struck out Andrew Stevenson and Michael A. Taylor to end the inning . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 with a two - out rally in the third	True
The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 with a two - out rally in the third against Strasburg , who battled mechanical issues early in the game . Paul Goldschmidt walked and scored on A. J. Pollock 's double . Washington reclaimed the lead in the fourth	True
Scribner , called up Saturday from Triple-A for the start , allowed four hits and walked six in 3 2/3 innings . He also struck out four . The Nationals put runners on the corners with one out in the fifth	True
McFarland threw three scoreless innings . In the sixth	True
In the sixth , Harper was caught stealing and Turner was thrown out at home plate on Rendon 's sharp grounder to shortstop . Then Matt Adams had a hit taken away on Steven Souza Jr. 's running catch in right field . Taylor ran into the wall at the 413-foot sign to flag down Pollock 's deep fly ball in the bottom of the sixth	True
Paxton struck out seven , walked three , threw 99 pitches and benefited from an outstanding play by third baseman Kyle Seager on Donaldson 's hard one - hopper to get the final out . Earlier , with two outs in the seventh	True
Earlier , with two outs in the seventh , the former Gold Glover Seager made a full-length diving stop on speedy Kevin Pillar 's grounder down the line , then slung an off-balance throw that first baseman Ryon Healy snagged on one hop . Russell Martin led off the Toronto eighth	True
Russell Martin led off the Toronto eighth with a long drive that left fielder Ben Gamel caught near the wall . Anthony Alford fouled out on the first pitch to begin the ninth	True
Shields pitched a no-hitter into the seventh inning before the Minnesota Twins rallied late for a 5 - 3 victory over Chicago on Sunday . With the Twins trailing 2 - 0 , Eduardo Escobar broke up the no-hitter with a one - out single in the seventh	True
With the Twins trailing 2 - 0 , Eduardo Escobar broke up the no-hitter with a one - out single in the seventh . Eddie Rosario then followed with a single to drive in Brian Dozier , who led off the inning with a walk . Shields , who retired the first 16 batters , got the next batter Robbie Grossman on a fly to center for the second	False
In his previous start Tuesday at St. Louis , Shields allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He allowed a lead-off homer to Tommy Pham and then retired 15 straight batters . Shields left with Chicago leading 2 - 1 but received a no-decision after the bullpen surrendered two runs in a 3 - 2 loss . Minnesota regained the lead on Sunday on an RBI groundout by Max Kepler in the eighth	True
In his previous start Tuesday at St. Louis , Shields allowed one run and two hits in six innings . He allowed a lead-off homer to Tommy Pham and then retired 15 straight batters . Shields left with Chicago leading 2 - 1 but received a no-decision after the bullpen surrendered two runs in a 3 - 2 loss . Minnesota regained the lead on Sunday on an RBI groundout by Max Kepler in the eighth and Rosario added a solo homer in the ninth	False
Minnesota regained the lead on Sunday on an RBI groundout by Max Kepler in the eighth and Rosario added a solo homer in the ninth . Zach Duke ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with Fernando Rodney pitching the ninth	True
It 's the first time New York has lost all six games of a homestand of six or more contests since dropping all six in September 2012 against Washington and Atlanta . Desmond homered off Noah Syndergaard 's 98 mph fastball in the second	True
It 's the first time New York has lost all six games of a homestand of six or more contests since dropping all six in September 2012 against Washington and Atlanta . Desmond homered off Noah Syndergaard 's 98 mph fastball in the second . He hit his sixth homer with two outs in the eighth	True
This came all on the heels of what Freeland described as a bullpen session that `` did n't go good '' before his ineffective first inning . A mid-inning chat with his batterymate Tony Wolters eased the rest of his day . Adam Ottavino walked Wilmer Flores and gave up a hit to Adrian Gonzalez in the ninth	True
After a 11 - 1 start , the Mets have now lost 14 of 20 and ca n't afford to have slugger Yoenis Cespedes out for an extended time . He left the game after the first inning for what the team originally said was right hip tightness . Cespedes singled in his only at-bat and then raced from first	False
After a 11 - 1 start , the Mets have now lost 14 of 20 and ca n't afford to have slugger Yoenis Cespedes out for an extended time . He left the game after the first inning for what the team originally said was right hip tightness . Cespedes singled in his only at-bat and then raced from first to third	False
Cespedes missed two weeks during the 2016 season due to strained right quadriceps muscle . The Rockies scored in the third	True
The Rockies scored in the third on consecutive hits by Charlie Blackmon and David Dahl and walks to Nolan Arenado and Gerardo Parra . The Mets took a 2 - 0 in the first	True
Braun hit a tiebreaking two - run double with two out in the eighth inning , helping the Milwaukee Brewers top the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 3 on Saturday night . Braun , who entered as a pinch hitter in the seventh	True
Braun , who entered as a pinch hitter in the seventh , drove a pitch from George Kontos ( 2 - 3 ) to the center-field wall to score Santana and Sogard . Braun got a chance to bat after Kontos walked Sogard , batting .105 , on four pitches . Sogard grounded into a double play with two runners on in the second	True
Braun , who entered as a pinch hitter in the seventh , drove a pitch from George Kontos ( 2 - 3 ) to the center-field wall to score Santana and Sogard . Braun got a chance to bat after Kontos walked Sogard , batting .105 , on four pitches . Sogard grounded into a double play with two runners on in the second . He was walked intentionally with two outs in the fourth	True
Braun , who entered as a pinch hitter in the seventh , drove a pitch from George Kontos ( 2 - 3 ) to the center-field wall to score Santana and Sogard . Braun got a chance to bat after Kontos walked Sogard , batting .105 , on four pitches . Sogard grounded into a double play with two runners on in the second . He was walked intentionally with two outs in the fourth with first base open ahead of the pitcher , and he walked and scored in the seventh	False
Braun , who entered as a pinch hitter in the seventh , drove a pitch from George Kontos ( 2 - 3 ) to the center-field wall to score Santana and Sogard . Braun got a chance to bat after Kontos walked Sogard , batting .105 , on four pitches . Sogard grounded into a double play with two runners on in the second . He was walked intentionally with two outs in the fourth with first base open ahead of the pitcher , and he walked and scored in the seventh and eighth	True
The Brewers walked four times in the final two innings , and three of the runners scored . Josh Hader ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the final two innings to pick up the win . He surrendered Starling Marte 's tying two - run homer in the top of the eighth	True
The Brewers walked four times in the final two innings , and three of the runners scored . Josh Hader ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the final two innings to pick up the win . He surrendered Starling Marte 's tying two - run homer in the top of the eighth , and then retired the Pirates in order in the ninth	True
Josh Hader ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the final two innings to pick up the win . He surrendered Starling Marte 's tying two - run homer in the top of the eighth , and then retired the Pirates in order in the ninth . Braun was out of the starting lineup for the second consecutive game to rest a sore right calf . He struck out in the seventh	True
Braun was out of the starting lineup for the second consecutive game to rest a sore right calf . He struck out in the seventh , but came through in the clutch again with the game on the line . This season , the 2011 NL MVP is 7 for 10 with three homers and 13 RBI with two outs and runners in scoring position . The Brewers opened a 3 - 1 lead by scoring twice against Kyle Crick in the seventh	True
Jake Faria ( 3 - 1 ) allowed a run and three hits in 5 1/3 innings as the Rays got their 11th victory in 14 games to improve to 15 - 16 . Alex Colome , the fourth Tampa Bay reliever , got five outs for his sixth save . The Rays chased Aaron Sanchez ( 2 - 3 ) in the fourth	True
Toronto manager John Gibbons has called Tropicana Field a `` house of horrors '' for the Blue Jays , who have dropped the first two of a three - game series and have a 72 - 106 overall record at the ballpark . Toronto had a stretch from 2007 - 14 where it had 21 consecutive non-winning road series against the Rays . Gibbons was ejected by plate umpire CB Bucknor after the top of the eighth	True
Gibbons was ejected by plate umpire CB Bucknor after the top of the eighth for arguing balls and strikes . Wilson Ramos extended his hitting streak to 13 games with an RBI single in the third	True
Wilson Ramos extended his hitting streak to 13 games with an RBI single in the third that put Tampa Bay up 2 - 0 . The Rays ' initial run scored in the first	True
The Rays ' initial run scored in the first , an inning that saw Sanchez walk three , when second baseman Gurriel misplayed Ramos ' two - out grounder . Hernandez hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
The Rays ' initial run scored in the first , an inning that saw Sanchez walk three , when second baseman Gurriel misplayed Ramos ' two - out grounder . Hernandez hit a solo homer in the fourth and Gurriel went deep during a two - run eighth	True
Colome replaced Romo with one out and retired all five batters he faced . C. J. Cron made it 5 - 3 on a sacrifice fly later in the eighth	True
Or maybe it was because he got to the foul ball before the ballboy . You see , the Tigers had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the top half of the eighth	True
You see , the Tigers had taken a 2 - 0 lead in the top half of the eighth when the ballboy down the first-base line mistakenly picked up a fair ball , resulting in a ground-rule double . Royals reliever Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 0 ) walked Victor Martinez before serving up JaCoby Jones ' hard-hit double to left field . But the Royals ' answered when Francisco Liriano , who was stingy all night , walked Cheslor Cuthbert to start the eighth	True
Whit Merrifield knotted the game moments later with a sacrifice fly , and Soler 's single through the left side of the infield brought home two runs -- and gave that embarrassed ballboy a bit of relief . Royals closer Kelvin Herrera worked a perfect ninth	True
The collapse by the Detroit bullpen squandered a stellar outing by Liriano , who gave up a run on three hits and two walks . It also added to the misery that began before the game , when the Tigers had to put slugger Miguel Cabrera on the disabled list with a strained right hamstring . The Royals ' Ian Kennedy was also sharp , facing the minimum through three innings before leaving runners stranded on the corners in the fourth	True
The collapse by the Detroit bullpen squandered a stellar outing by Liriano , who gave up a run on three hits and two walks . It also added to the misery that began before the game , when the Tigers had to put slugger Miguel Cabrera on the disabled list with a strained right hamstring . The Royals ' Ian Kennedy was also sharp , facing the minimum through three innings before leaving runners stranded on the corners in the fourth . He allowed back-to-back singles leading off the fifth	True
He left after throwing 103 pitches , allowing six hits and striking out seven with a single walk . Liriano was even better at escaping jams , though . He got double plays to end the third	True
He left after throwing 103 pitches , allowing six hits and striking out seven with a single walk . Liriano was even better at escaping jams , though . He got double plays to end the third , fourth	True
Pujols reached 2,998 career hits with a home run and a double , and Justin Upton hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning of the Angels ' 10 - 7 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night . Mike Trout and Pujols both homered in the first	True
Mike Trout and Pujols both homered in the first , and Upton drove in four runs while the Angels earned their second straight win following a 3 - 9 skid . Pujols followed Trout 's tape-measure shot with his 620th career homer off Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 4 ) into the bullpens beyond left field . Pujols then got a standing ovation when he legged out a double in the fifth	True
Manny Machado drove in two runs and made another throwing error for the last-place Orioles , who have lost 14 of 17 . Pinch-hitter Jace Peterson had a three - run triple during Baltimore 's five - run ninth	True
A youngster and a struggling bullpen picked up Ryu , as Alex Verdugo doubled and scored twice , and the Dodgers ' relief corps came through . Verdugo , a 21-year-old outfielder from Tucson , scored a key insurance run in the eighth inning . He doubled off reliever T. J. McFarland , beat the throw to third	False
Verdugo , a 21-year-old outfielder from Tucson , scored a key insurance run in the eighth inning . He doubled off reliever T. J. McFarland , beat the throw to third on a wild pitch and came home on Yasmani Grandal 's sacrifice fly for a 2 - 0 lead . In the first	True
Ryu had two strikeouts and a hit and a walk allowed in 1 1/3 innings . Pedro Baez relieved first	False
Ryu had two strikeouts and a hit and a walk allowed in 1 1/3 innings . Pedro Baez relieved first and held the Diamondbacks scoreless for 2 2/3 innings , tying a career high for his longest outing . He worked out of a one - out , bases-loaded jam in the fourth	True
Pedro Baez relieved first and held the Diamondbacks scoreless for 2 2/3 innings , tying a career high for his longest outing . He worked out of a one - out , bases-loaded jam in the fourth . Ex-Diamondback Daniel Hudson ( 1 - 0 ) tossed two innings and Tony Cingrani one . Josh Fields escaped a one - out , two - on situation in the eighth	True
The Dodgers squandered opportunities themselves , grounding into three double plays . Arizona rallied in the ninth	True
Arizona rallied in the ninth against Jansen , who walked Daniel Descalso with two outs . Descalso scored on John Ryan Murphy 's soft single . With pinch-runner Jarrod Dyson at second	False
Morales homered twice and reached base all five times he batted , including an intentional walk in the 10th inning when the Blue Jays scored twice on wild pitches by Twins reliever John Curtiss and sped away with a 7 - 4 victory on Tuesday night . The bullpen finished with five scoreless innings for the Blue Jays , with Tyler Clippard ( 4 - 0 ) taking the ninth	True
Morales homered twice and reached base all five times he batted , including an intentional walk in the 10th inning when the Blue Jays scored twice on wild pitches by Twins reliever John Curtiss and sped away with a 7 - 4 victory on Tuesday night . The bullpen finished with five scoreless innings for the Blue Jays , with Tyler Clippard ( 4 - 0 ) taking the ninth for the win and Roberto Osuna working the 10th	True
The Twins , who 've tumbled through an alarming two weeks after leaving Puerto Rico with an 8 - 5 record , have lost 11 of their last 12 games . Eddie Rosario put the Twins in front 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
The Twins , who 've tumbled through an alarming two weeks after leaving Puerto Rico with an 8 - 5 record , have lost 11 of their last 12 games . Eddie Rosario put the Twins in front 4 - 3 in the sixth with a two - run homer , before a sacrifice fly by Kevin Pillar tied the game in the eighth	True
The Twins , who 've tumbled through an alarming two weeks after leaving Puerto Rico with an 8 - 5 record , have lost 11 of their last 12 games . Eddie Rosario put the Twins in front 4 - 3 in the sixth with a two - run homer , before a sacrifice fly by Kevin Pillar tied the game in the eighth against Addison Reed . Pillar , whose last 10 hits have been for extra bases , then led off the 10th	True
Eddie Rosario put the Twins in front 4 - 3 in the sixth with a two - run homer , before a sacrifice fly by Kevin Pillar tied the game in the eighth against Addison Reed . Pillar , whose last 10 hits have been for extra bases , then led off the 10th against Curtiss ( 0 - 1 ) with a double . Morales was walked with one out . After Pillar swiped third	False
Suarez is among the young pitchers who are filling in well for the Giants while the veteran starters work their way back to health . Slater , recalled from Triple-A Sacramento four times this season -- most recently last Saturday -- doubled in a run off Patrick Corbin in the second	True
Suarez is among the young pitchers who are filling in well for the Giants while the veteran starters work their way back to health . Slater , recalled from Triple-A Sacramento four times this season -- most recently last Saturday -- doubled in a run off Patrick Corbin in the second and knocked in the go-ahead score off Andrew Chafin ( 1 - 3 ) in the seventh	True
One of these trips , after a few more of these nights , he may be right . Will Smith pitched a perfect ninth	True
Will Smith pitched a perfect ninth for his first save since April 13 , 2014 . San Francisco relievers retired the last 12 batters they faced . Chafin , relieving Corbin in a 1 - 1 tie , walked Brandon Crawford , who scored from first	False
The NL West-leading Diamondbacks opened a 10-game homestand after an 8 - 2 trip . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The NL West-leading Diamondbacks opened a 10-game homestand after an 8 - 2 trip . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Buster Posey led off with a single and took second	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Buster Posey led off with a single and took second when Chris Owings bobbled the ball in center . Slater brought Posey home with a one - out double . The Diamondbacks finally got to Suarez tied it in the sixth	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Buster Posey led off with a single and took second when Chris Owings bobbled the ball in center . Slater brought Posey home with a one - out double . The Diamondbacks finally got to Suarez tied it in the sixth . Ketel Marte led off with a double to the fence in right-center . Owings was called out on a groundout to third	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Buster Posey led off with a single and took second when Chris Owings bobbled the ball in center . Slater brought Posey home with a one - out double . The Diamondbacks finally got to Suarez tied it in the sixth . Ketel Marte led off with a double to the fence in right-center . Owings was called out on a groundout to third on a close play . Arizona challenged and the call was overturned after a video review , leaving runners at first	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Buster Posey led off with a single and took second when Chris Owings bobbled the ball in center . Slater brought Posey home with a one - out double . The Diamondbacks finally got to Suarez tied it in the sixth . Ketel Marte led off with a double to the fence in right-center . Owings was called out on a groundout to third on a close play . Arizona challenged and the call was overturned after a video review , leaving runners at first and third	False
Hernandez drew a go-ahead , bases-loaded walk in the eighth inning after his earlier solo home run , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tom Murphy doubled to start the ninth	True
Hernandez drew a go-ahead , bases-loaded walk in the eighth inning after his earlier solo home run , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tom Murphy doubled to start the ninth for the Rockies on a hit that sliding Hernandez could n't secure in center field , and the ball kicked back toward the infield . San Francisco left third base uncovered , but despite base coach Stu Cole wildly gesturing , Murphy never looked up and stopped at second	False
Tom Murphy doubled to start the ninth for the Rockies on a hit that sliding Hernandez could n't secure in center field , and the ball kicked back toward the infield . San Francisco left third base uncovered , but despite base coach Stu Cole wildly gesturing , Murphy never looked up and stopped at second . DJ LeMahieu wound up grounding into a game-ending double play that was confirmed on replay . Tony Watson ( 2 - 2 ) recorded the final out of the eighth	True
Tony Watson ( 2 - 2 ) recorded the final out of the eighth before Sam Dyson closed out Colorado for his third save . The Giants loaded the bases in the eighth	True
The Giants loaded the bases in the eighth against Adam Ottavino ( 3 - 1 ) , whose scoreless streak ended at 15 innings with his first run allowed since May 8 at home against the Angels . Andrew McCutchen had a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning before the Rockies tied it at 2 on Ian Desmond 's two - out double in the eighth	True
Andrew McCutchen had a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning before the Rockies tied it at 2 on Ian Desmond 's two - out double in the eighth off Mark Melancon . Austin Slater and pinch-hitter Hunter Pence had consecutive singles to start the seventh	True
Andrew McCutchen had a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning before the Rockies tied it at 2 on Ian Desmond 's two - out double in the eighth off Mark Melancon . Austin Slater and pinch-hitter Hunter Pence had consecutive singles to start the seventh before advancing on a sacrifice bunt by Hernandez , who homered to tie it in the third	True
He had allowed five or more runs in his previous five starts but had n't lost , a streak that is tied for the longest in major league history with Rube Walberg from June 1 - 18 , 1932 . All of Bettis ' decisions have come away from Coors Field . Desmond hit a one - out solo homer in the second	True
Four of Hernandez 's 10 home runs have come against the Rockies . His previous career high was three , and he did n't hit any last year . Following the Giants ' first day off since June 7 , Brandon Crawford had three hits and scored the deciding run on the walk by Hernandez after a one - out single and steal of second	False
Toronto also got two homers from Curtis Granderson against Justin Verlander , but the night belonged to Grichuk in one special homecoming . His soaring 471-foot home run , which clanged off the light pole above the train tracks on the left-field wall , came against Will Harris and made it 6 - 3 with two out in the eighth	True
His soaring 471-foot home run , which clanged off the light pole above the train tracks on the left-field wall , came against Will Harris and made it 6 - 3 with two out in the eighth . Grichuk then reached over the short wall in right field to rob George Springer of a homer with two on and no outs in the ninth	False
Grichuk then reached over the short wall in right field to rob George Springer of a homer with two on and no outs in the ninth . Grichuk , who moved from center to right field in the bottom of the ninth	False
Springer stopped running and bent down in disbelief when he realized Grichuk had robbed him . Granderson 's leadoff shot in the fifth tied it at 3 . He connected again with two out in the seventh	True
Verlander , who entered with a major league-best 1.60 ERA , allowed four runs and seven hits -- both season highs -- in 6 2/3 innings . He struck out six and walked two in his first loss since May 11 . Toronto 's J. A. Happ ( 10 - 3 ) yielded three runs and seven hits in six innings in his sixth straight win . Seung-hwan Oh worked the ninth	True
Alex Bregman homered in the Astros ' third loss in 18 games . Hernandez singled with one out in the first	True
Hernandez singled with one out in the first before Yangervis Solarte drew a walk . Smoak 's two - out double lifted Toronto to a 2 - 0 lead . Yuli Gurriel singled in Jose Altuve in the bottom half , and Bregman 's drive to the seats in left tied it at 2 with one out in the third	True
Yuli Gurriel singled in Jose Altuve in the bottom half , and Bregman 's drive to the seats in left tied it at 2 with one out in the third . Bregman also singled in Jake Marisnick in the fourth	True
Correa hit a game-ending RBI single in the 12th inning after Altuve was walked intentionally , sending the Houston Astros to a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Saturday night . George Springer led off the 12th	True
Correa hit a game-ending RBI single in the 12th inning after Altuve was walked intentionally , sending the Houston Astros to a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Saturday night . George Springer led off the 12th with a walk , and Alex Bregman followed with a bloop single into shallow right field that fell between three players . An error by Ryan Goins allowed Springer to advance to third	False
George Springer led off the 12th with a walk , and Alex Bregman followed with a bloop single into shallow right field that fell between three players . An error by Ryan Goins allowed Springer to advance to third . After Altuve was awarded first	False
Collin McHugh ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect inning for the win . Houston 's bullpen combined for six shutout innings . Kansas City carried a 3 - 2 lead into the ninth	True
The Royals wasted a solid start by Ian Kennedy in their 10th loss in 11 games . Kennedy allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings . Kansas City jumped in front on Dozier 's three - run homer in the fourth	True
Herrera homered for the fifth straight game and finished with four hits , helping the Philadelphia Phillies rout the Nationals 12 - 2 on Friday night . Herrera hit a tiebreaking two - run shot in the third	True
The Phillies had 15 hits in their fifth win in six games . They also moved ahead of Washington for second place in the NL East behind Atlanta . Eflin ( 5 - 2 ) allowed baserunners in every inning except the first	True
The Nationals have dropped eight of 11 , including the completion of a suspended game . They are in third place this late in the season for the first time since 2013 . Michael A. Taylor extended his hitting streak to 13 games and drove in Washington 's first run when he capped an 11-pitch at-bat with a double in the second	True
Ketel Marte and Alex Avila each hit two - run homers and the Diamondbacks scored eight runs in the first three innings to power their way to a 9 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Thursday night . Marte 's blast capped a three - run first	True
Marte 's blast capped a three - run first , while Avila 's shot in the third extended the NL West-leading Diamondbacks ' advantage to 8 - 0 . Jay doubled in each of the first two innings , the second	True
Godley , though , said he did n't feel any pressure in trying to hold the eight - run advantage . Avila finished with three RBI as he also doubled home a run in the ninth	True
Pittsburgh rookie Austin Meadows had three hits . Daniel Descalso 's sacrifice fly brought home the game 's first run before Marte followed with his sixth home run into the right-field stands . Paul Goldschmidt singled in Jay in the second	True
Daniel Descalso 's sacrifice fly brought home the game 's first run before Marte followed with his sixth home run into the right-field stands . Paul Goldschmidt singled in Jay in the second to make it 6 - 0 . Francisco Cervelli hit an RBI single in the fourth inning for the Pirates . Starling Marte doubled in a run and scored on Colin Moran 's sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Miami 's Don Mattingly insists nobody on either side was intentionally hit and became upset that the umpires warned both teams too quickly . Posey homered in the first	True
Miami 's Don Mattingly insists nobody on either side was intentionally hit and became upset that the umpires warned both teams too quickly . Posey homered in the first , Gorkys Hernandez hit a two - run drive in the second	True
Posey homered in the first , Gorkys Hernandez hit a two - run drive in the second and an RBI double later , and the San Francisco Giants held their lead this time to beat the Marlins 6 - 3 on Tuesday in another night of plunking by both pitching staffs . Marlins starter Dan Straily and Mattingly were automatically ejected in the second	True
He added : `` I'm sure Rodriguez did n't mean to hit Brinson and Straily did n't mean to hit Buster .. .. If they thought there was going to be something going on they should have given both teams warnings before the game . If they thought it was intentional on their part , ( Rodriguez ) should have been out of the game . '' The tension began during Monday 's series opener when Hunter Strickland took exception to Brinson 's celebration following his tying RBI single in the ninth	True
He added : `` I'm sure Rodriguez did n't mean to hit Brinson and Straily did n't mean to hit Buster .. .. If they thought there was going to be something going on they should have given both teams warnings before the game . If they thought it was intentional on their part , ( Rodriguez ) should have been out of the game . '' The tension began during Monday 's series opener when Hunter Strickland took exception to Brinson 's celebration following his tying RBI single in the ninth off the Giants closer , who blew the save and took the loss . Brinson appeared to say something to the reliever on his way to first	False
He added : `` I'm sure Rodriguez did n't mean to hit Brinson and Straily did n't mean to hit Buster .. .. If they thought there was going to be something going on they should have given both teams warnings before the game . If they thought it was intentional on their part , ( Rodriguez ) should have been out of the game . '' The tension began during Monday 's series opener when Hunter Strickland took exception to Brinson 's celebration following his tying RBI single in the ninth off the Giants closer , who blew the save and took the loss . Brinson appeared to say something to the reliever on his way to first . Brinson was at third	False
The Giants closer later broke his pitching hand punching a door in frustration and had surgery Tuesday . Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) struck out six over five innings . He hit Derek Dietrich in the fourth	True
JT Riddle hit a two - run triple in the fourth following singles by Starlin Castro and Miguel Rojas . Brian Anderson 's RBI double four batters later snapped an 0 - for - 10 stretch over his previous three games . The Giants added on in the fifth	True
JT Riddle hit a two - run triple in the fourth following singles by Starlin Castro and Miguel Rojas . Brian Anderson 's RBI double four batters later snapped an 0 - for - 10 stretch over his previous three games . The Giants added on in the fifth with consecutive RBI doubles by Alen Hanson , his second	False
The Giants added on in the fifth with consecutive RBI doubles by Alen Hanson , his second of the night , and Hernandez . Posey sent the first pitch he saw from Straily midway up the bleachers in left-center before Hernandez -- who did n't hit a single homer all last season and now has eight -- connected following Hanson 's double leading off the second	True
Posey sent the first pitch he saw from Straily midway up the bleachers in left-center before Hernandez -- who did n't hit a single homer all last season and now has eight -- connected following Hanson 's double leading off the second . The Marlins left the bases loaded in the second	True
For the game , Baltimore was 0 for 5 with runners in scoring position . The Nationals were 5 for 10 . The Nationals trailed 6 - 5 before getting six hits in a four - run seventh	True
Pitching in his second big league game , Nationals starter Jefry Rodriguez gave up five runs , four hits and four walks in five innings . Justin Miller ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two innings of relief , newcomer Kelvin Herrera worked a perfect eighth	True
The Brewers improved to 3 - 8 this season against the Cubs and moved 1 1/2 games ahead of second-place Chicago in the NL Central . Seven of the 11 games between the two have been shutouts , five by Chicago . Chacin ( 6 - 1 ) allowed four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four to win his sixth consecutive decision . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the seventh	True
The Brewers improved to 3 - 8 this season against the Cubs and moved 1 1/2 games ahead of second-place Chicago in the NL Central . Seven of the 11 games between the two have been shutouts , five by Chicago . Chacin ( 6 - 1 ) allowed four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four to win his sixth consecutive decision . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the seventh , Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth	True
The Brewers improved to 3 - 8 this season against the Cubs and moved 1 1/2 games ahead of second-place Chicago in the NL Central . Seven of the 11 games between the two have been shutouts , five by Chicago . Chacin ( 6 - 1 ) allowed four hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking four to win his sixth consecutive decision . Jeremy Jeffress pitched the seventh , Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and Cory Knebel worked a perfect ninth	True
Mike Montgomery ( 2 - 2 ) allowed only two hits in six innings , both by Cain . He struck out four and walked one in his fourth start since replacing injured Yu Darvish in the rotation . Cain drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in left with one out in the third	True
Cain drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in left with one out in the third for his eighth homer . He also opened the first inning with a single . To open the eighth	True
To open the eighth , Maddon brought in right-hander Steve Cishek , who gave up an infield single to Orlando Arcia . Cishek then moved to left field for the first time in his eight - year career as left-hander Brian Duensing came on and struck out pinch-hitter Eric Thames . Duensing then moved to left , also for the first time in his career , and Cishek returned to the mound to retire Cain on a fielder 's choice . Duensing came back to pitch with left field being turned over to catcher Willson Contreras , who made a running catch on Christian Yelich 's drive into the corner for the third	False
Duensing then moved to left , also for the first time in his career , and Cishek returned to the mound to retire Cain on a fielder 's choice . Duensing came back to pitch with left field being turned over to catcher Willson Contreras , who made a running catch on Christian Yelich 's drive into the corner for the third out . The Cubs won Monday 's series opener 7 - 2 with five runs in the 11th	True
The Cubs won Monday 's series opener 7 - 2 with five runs in the 11th , but managed just two hits in Tuesday 's 4 - 0 loss . The Brewers stranded runners at third	False
The Cubs won Monday 's series opener 7 - 2 with five runs in the 11th , but managed just two hits in Tuesday 's 4 - 0 loss . The Brewers stranded runners at third in each of the first two innings . In the second	True
The Cubs won Monday 's series opener 7 - 2 with five runs in the 11th , but managed just two hits in Tuesday 's 4 - 0 loss . The Brewers stranded runners at third in each of the first two innings . In the second , rightfielder Jason Heyward prevented a run , charging in for a sensational sliding grab on Erik Kratz 's one - out sinking liner and then recovering quickly to hold Hernan Perez at third	False
This was the third bullpen game for San Diego this season , all since left-hander Joey Lucchesi went down with a right hip strain . Padres reliever Matt Strahm started the bullpen game and retired nine batters on 36 pitches , including four strikeouts . Adam Cimber ( 3 - 2 ) retired the next six with two strikeouts before Harrison Bader broke up the perfect game with an infield single in the sixth	True
The Padres ' nine - man bullpen makes the starter-by-committee approach effective . Green said he plans to go with it again Sunday . Brad Hand pitched the ninth	True
Hosmer drove the first pitch of the fourth inning to center field to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . It was his second home run in three games . A. J. Ellis tacked on two more with a two - out hit in the fourth	True
Cardinals starter Miles Mikolas ( 7 - 2 ) struck out five in six innings and walked none . He has walked one or less in all seven of his home starts this season , but St. Louis still lost for the second time in three games . Marcell Ozuna 's RBI single snapped the Padres ' shutout bid in the seventh	True
Michael Brantley hit his 11th homer and the AL Central leaders took advantage of another wild outing by Lucas Giolito to win for the fifth time in six games . They improved to 4 - 0 against Chicago . Carrasco ( 8 - 4 ) gave up singles to Kevan Smith and Charlie Tilson in the second	True
Carrasco ( 8 - 4 ) gave up singles to Kevan Smith and Charlie Tilson in the second before striking out Adam Engel to end the threat . The right-hander issued just one walk , giving him a total of two to go with 21 strikeouts while winning his past two starts . Carrasco piled up 50 pitches in the first two innings , though he did whiff five batters . But he threw only eight pitches in the third	True
Carrasco piled up 50 pitches in the first two innings , though he did whiff five batters . But he threw only eight pitches in the third and rolled the rest of the way . Three relievers combined to work the final two innings , with Neil Ramirez retiring all three batters in the ninth	True
Zach Eflin tied his career high with nine strikeouts over six innings and the Phillies snapped a four - game losing streak . Rhys Hoskins drove in two runs , including a go-ahead sacrifice fly in a three - run fifth	True
Rhys Hoskins drove in two runs , including a go-ahead sacrifice fly in a three - run fifth off reliever Dan Jennings ( 3 - 2 ) in the Phillies ' fourth win in 14 games . Ryan Braun saved a run with a diving catch , doubled to spark a two - run fifth	True
Rhys Hoskins drove in two runs , including a go-ahead sacrifice fly in a three - run fifth off reliever Dan Jennings ( 3 - 2 ) in the Phillies ' fourth win in 14 games . Ryan Braun saved a run with a diving catch , doubled to spark a two - run fifth , and had an RBI single in the eighth	True
The Brewers were also done in by 14 strikeouts , shoddy defense and wasted chances . Milwaukee left the tying run at third	False
The Brewers were also done in by 14 strikeouts , shoddy defense and wasted chances . Milwaukee left the tying run at third in each of the final two innings . Seranthony Dominguez got Jonathan Villar to ground out to the mound to end the eighth	True
The Brewers were also done in by 14 strikeouts , shoddy defense and wasted chances . Milwaukee left the tying run at third in each of the final two innings . Seranthony Dominguez got Jonathan Villar to ground out to the mound to end the eighth , and Christian Yelich grounded to second	False
A downpour in the bottom of the first tapered to a drizzle , but with 1 to 2 inches of rain in the forecast , it appeared both managers were preparing for a shortened game . Gabe Kapler moved the Phillies ' infield in with a runner on third	False
A downpour in the bottom of the first tapered to a drizzle , but with 1 to 2 inches of rain in the forecast , it appeared both managers were preparing for a shortened game . Gabe Kapler moved the Phillies ' infield in with a runner on third while up 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
A downpour in the bottom of the first tapered to a drizzle , but with 1 to 2 inches of rain in the forecast , it appeared both managers were preparing for a shortened game . Gabe Kapler moved the Phillies ' infield in with a runner on third while up 1 - 0 in the fifth . Counsell then pinch-hit for Woodruff with the bases loaded and one out in the fifth	True
Jennings then immediately got into trouble . Third baseman Travis Shaw 's error led to two unearned runs . Woodruff 's own bad pickoff throw led to the Phillies ' first run in the first	True
Third baseman Travis Shaw 's error led to two unearned runs . Woodruff 's own bad pickoff throw led to the Phillies ' first run in the first . The rain picked up in the seventh	True
MIAMI -- Travis Jankowski tries to have a short memory when it comes to setbacks . That approach helped the San Diego Padres on Saturday . An inning after striking out with a runner in scoring position , Jankowski hit a go-ahead bases-loaded single in the eighth	True
Craig Stammen ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two inherited runners to score over 1 2/3 innings . He has three relief wins in his last five outings . Brad Hand pitched a perfect eighth	True
Craig Stammen ( 4 - 0 ) allowed two inherited runners to score over 1 2/3 innings . He has three relief wins in his last five outings . Brad Hand pitched a perfect eighth and Kirby Yates got his second save with a scoreless ninth	True
Brad Hand pitched a perfect eighth and Kirby Yates got his second save with a scoreless ninth , locking down San Diego 's fifth win in six games . The Marlins rallied from a 4 - 1 deficit with a three - run sixth	True
Brad Hand pitched a perfect eighth and Kirby Yates got his second save with a scoreless ninth , locking down San Diego 's fifth win in six games . The Marlins rallied from a 4 - 1 deficit with a three - run sixth that chased starter Tyson Ross . Derek Dietrich hit a leadoff homer and Justin Bour scored from third	False
Brad Hand pitched a perfect eighth and Kirby Yates got his second save with a scoreless ninth , locking down San Diego 's fifth win in six games . The Marlins rallied from a 4 - 1 deficit with a three - run sixth that chased starter Tyson Ross . Derek Dietrich hit a leadoff homer and Justin Bour scored from third on a wild pitch by Stammen . Brian Anderson scored from second	False
Ross pitched 5 1/3 innings , allowed four runs and six hits . Cory Spangenberg had a run-scoring single and Freddy Galvis an RBI double off starter Dan Straily to key the Padres to a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ross pitched 5 1/3 innings , allowed four runs and six hits . Cory Spangenberg had a run-scoring single and Freddy Galvis an RBI double off starter Dan Straily to key the Padres to a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Jose Pirela also scored from third	False
An X-ray after the game revealed no break , according to Straily , who lasted 3 2/3 innings , allowed nine hits and four runs . Dietrich 's single scored Starlin Castro in the third	True
An X-ray after the game revealed no break , according to Straily , who lasted 3 2/3 innings , allowed nine hits and four runs . Dietrich 's single scored Starlin Castro in the third to cut San Diego 's lead to 3 - 1 . The Padres regained the three - run advantage on Galvis ' leadoff home run in the fourth	True
Goldschmidt had just 14 hits in May , batting .144 in 27 games , but has already collected 13 hits in seven games this month . He had four hits and three doubles in Wednesday 's loss at San Francisco and had another double in the first inning Friday , scoring Arizona 's first run . He added a two - run homer in the third	True
Goldschmidt had just 14 hits in May , batting .144 in 27 games , but has already collected 13 hits in seven games this month . He had four hits and three doubles in Wednesday 's loss at San Francisco and had another double in the first inning Friday , scoring Arizona 's first run . He added a two - run homer in the third , an estimated 438-foot shot to center field that gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead . He topped that with a 439-foot shot to center leading off the ninth	True
Goldschmidt had just 14 hits in May , batting .144 in 27 games , but has already collected 13 hits in seven games this month . He had four hits and three doubles in Wednesday 's loss at San Francisco and had another double in the first inning Friday , scoring Arizona 's first run . He added a two - run homer in the third , an estimated 438-foot shot to center field that gave Arizona a 3 - 1 lead . He topped that with a 439-foot shot to center leading off the ninth for his first multi-home run game of the season and 13th	False
Arizona is 5 - 2 in June after losing 13 of 14 at one stretch of May . Goldschmidt 's first blast was one of three homers German Marquez ( 4 - 6 ) allowed in the third	True
It was the first time a Colorado pitcher has allowed three home runs in the same inning since Scott Oberg did it on April 19 , 2015 , at the Los Angeles Dodgers . Homers by Charlie Blackmon and Trevor Story -- a two - run shot to center -- in the fifth inning got the Rockies within 5 - 4 , but Greinke gave himself a cushion with an RBI single in the sixth	True
It was the first time a Colorado pitcher has allowed three home runs in the same inning since Scott Oberg did it on April 19 , 2015 , at the Los Angeles Dodgers . Homers by Charlie Blackmon and Trevor Story -- a two - run shot to center -- in the fifth inning got the Rockies within 5 - 4 , but Greinke gave himself a cushion with an RBI single in the sixth . Arizona scored two more in the eighth	True
Homers by Charlie Blackmon and Trevor Story -- a two - run shot to center -- in the fifth inning got the Rockies within 5 - 4 , but Greinke gave himself a cushion with an RBI single in the sixth . Arizona scored two more in the eighth . Goldschmidt capped the ninth	True
Leake pitched into the ninth inning , Mitch Haniger homered and drove in three , and the AL West-leading Mariners beat the Rays 5 - 4 on Thursday night . Leake ( 6 - 3 ) was lifted with a 5 - 1 lead after allowing his eighth hit , a leadoff double in the ninth	True
The Rays are 9 - 15 in one - run games . Seattle took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Seattle took a 3 - 0 lead in the second off Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 3 ) . Dee Gordon hit a sacrifice fly , and then Jean Segura scored from first base on Haniger 's two - run single -- a ball that second baseman Joey Wendle dived for and knocked down in shallow right field . Denard Span , playing at Tropicana Field for the first time since being traded with Colome by Tampa Bay to Seattle on May 25th , made it 4 - 0 with a solo homer in the third	True
Denard Span , playing at Tropicana Field for the first time since being traded with Colome by Tampa Bay to Seattle on May 25th , made it 4 - 0 with a solo homer in the third . After Robertson had a leadoff shot in the third	True
Denard Span , playing at Tropicana Field for the first time since being traded with Colome by Tampa Bay to Seattle on May 25th , made it 4 - 0 with a solo homer in the third . After Robertson had a leadoff shot in the third , Haniger got the run back with a solo drive in the fifth	True
After Robertson had a leadoff shot in the third , Haniger got the run back with a solo drive in the fifth . Pruitt entered in the second	True
After Robertson had a leadoff shot in the third , Haniger got the run back with a solo drive in the fifth . Pruitt entered in the second after bullpen starter Ryne Stanek worked out of a bases-loaded one - out jam during the first	True
Heyward 's drive sent the Cubs to their eighth win in 10 games , and it came after Philadelphia 's Dylan Cozens hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer against closer Brandon Morrow in the top half . Kyle Schwarber started the winning rally with a leadoff walk against Seranthony Dominguez and advanced to second	False
Heyward 's drive sent the Cubs to their eighth win in 10 games , and it came after Philadelphia 's Dylan Cozens hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer against closer Brandon Morrow in the top half . Kyle Schwarber started the winning rally with a leadoff walk against Seranthony Dominguez and advanced to second on an errant pickoff throw by catcher Jorge Alfaro . Albert Almora singled with one out , putting runners on first	False
Heyward 's drive sent the Cubs to their eighth win in 10 games , and it came after Philadelphia 's Dylan Cozens hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer against closer Brandon Morrow in the top half . Kyle Schwarber started the winning rally with a leadoff walk against Seranthony Dominguez and advanced to second on an errant pickoff throw by catcher Jorge Alfaro . Albert Almora singled with one out , putting runners on first and third	False
Kyle Schwarber started the winning rally with a leadoff walk against Seranthony Dominguez and advanced to second on an errant pickoff throw by catcher Jorge Alfaro . Albert Almora singled with one out , putting runners on first and third . Morgan ( 0 - 2 ) came in and walked pinch-hitter Ian Happ to load the bases before Ben Zobrist forced a runner at home with a tapper to the mound . Heyward took two balls and let a fastball go by for a strike . He fouled off another one to even the count before launching a belt-high 97 mph pitch about a third	False
As he crossed home plate , teammates mobbed him . The grand slam was the third	False
Morgan , meanwhile , blamed himself for making a bad pitch . He wanted to throw it down and away . Cory Mazzoni ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the ninth	True
Cory Mazzoni ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the ninth . Anthony Rizzo homered against Aaron Nola , and Chicago won after blowing a 3 - 0 lead . Philadelphia 's Aaron Altherr greeted Steve Cishek with a tying , three - run homer in the sixth	True
Quintana gave up two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . The veteran left-hander struck out 10 and walked two . He threw 91 pitches and left to a nice ovation with a 3 - 0 lead after Carlos Santana singled to put runners on first	False
Quintana gave up two runs and three hits in 5 2/3 innings . The veteran left-hander struck out 10 and walked two . He threw 91 pitches and left to a nice ovation with a 3 - 0 lead after Carlos Santana singled to put runners on first and second	False
David Robertson ( 4 - 2 ) worked one inning for the win and Aroldis Chapman finished for his 15th save in 16 opportunities . Biagini , the seventh Toronto pitcher , came on to start the 13th	True
Toronto lost for the first time in six extra-inning games this season . The Blue Jays have lost 10 of 11 at home and 17 of 22 overall . Gray matched a season high by striking out eight . He retired his first 12 batters before Justin Smoak doubled to begin the fifth	True
Toronto lost for the first time in six extra-inning games this season . The Blue Jays have lost 10 of 11 at home and 17 of 22 overall . Gray matched a season high by striking out eight . He retired his first 12 batters before Justin Smoak doubled to begin the fifth . Kendrys Morales advanced Smoak to third	False
Toronto lost for the first time in six extra-inning games this season . The Blue Jays have lost 10 of 11 at home and 17 of 22 overall . Gray matched a season high by striking out eight . He retired his first 12 batters before Justin Smoak doubled to begin the fifth . Kendrys Morales advanced Smoak to third with a single , but he was thrown out trying to score on Kevin Pillar 's grounder to third	False
Cincinnati 's Scooter Gennett drove in a pair of runs with a double and a sacrifice fly on the one - year anniversary of his record-setting game . The second baseman became the 17th player in major league history to hit four home runs last June 6 against the Cardinals at Great American Ball Park . Gennett also became the first	False
He was no match for the bottom of the Rockies ' order . Wolters batted eighth	False
He was no match for the bottom of the Rockies ' order . Wolters batted eighth and doubled home a run with two outs in the second inning against Sal Romano ( 3 - 7 ) . Sixth-place hitter Parra singled home a run in the fourth	True
Wolters batted eighth and doubled home a run with two outs in the second inning against Sal Romano ( 3 - 7 ) . Sixth-place hitter Parra singled home a run in the fourth , and Desmond followed with his 11th homer for a 4 - 2 lead . Wolters singled home another run with two outs in the sixth	True
Wolters batted eighth and doubled home a run with two outs in the second inning against Sal Romano ( 3 - 7 ) . Sixth-place hitter Parra singled home a run in the fourth , and Desmond followed with his 11th homer for a 4 - 2 lead . Wolters singled home another run with two outs in the sixth , and Parra had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Wolters singled home another run with two outs in the sixth , and Parra had an RBI single in the eighth as the Rockies pulled away . Gray came into the game in a deep slump -- 1 - 2 with 9.33 ERA in his last four starts . He gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . Four relievers finished it , with Wade Davis pitching the ninth	True
Kyle Seager , Mike Zunino and Jean Segura all homered off Dallas Keuchel early to back up another solid start by James Paxton and give the Mariners the 7 - 1 victory . Their bats got going early on Tuesday night , with Seager hitting a three - run homer in Seattle 's four - run first	True
Kyle Seager , Mike Zunino and Jean Segura all homered off Dallas Keuchel early to back up another solid start by James Paxton and give the Mariners the 7 - 1 victory . Their bats got going early on Tuesday night , with Seager hitting a three - run homer in Seattle 's four - run first and Zunino padding the lead to 6 - 0 with his two - run shot in the second	True
Marwin Gonzalez was a home run shy of the cycle and drove in Houston 's only run with a second-inning double on a night the Astros had trouble stringing together hits and dropped their third straight . Dee Gordon started things in the first	True
Marwin Gonzalez was a home run shy of the cycle and drove in Houston 's only run with a second-inning double on a night the Astros had trouble stringing together hits and dropped their third straight . Dee Gordon started things in the first with a leadoff single before a single by Jean Segura . Mitch Haniger grounded into a forceout that left Segura out at second	False
The Mariners loved giving Paxton such a big early cushion to work with . Ben Gamel opened the second	True
Ben Gamel opened the second with a single and Zunino pushed the lead to 6 - 0 with his blast to left field . Carlos Correa and Yuli Gurriel hit consecutive singles to start Houston 's second	True
Carlos Correa and Yuli Gurriel hit consecutive singles to start Houston 's second and the Astros cut it to 6 - 1 when Correa scored on a double by Gonzalez . Keuchel settled down after those tough two innings and had retired 10 straight when Segura connected off him with one out in the fifth	True
Keuchel settled down after those tough two innings and had retired 10 straight when Segura connected off him with one out in the fifth to extend the lead to 7 - 1 . The Astros had a single in the sixth	False
Keuchel settled down after those tough two innings and had retired 10 straight when Segura connected off him with one out in the fifth to extend the lead to 7 - 1 . The Astros had a single in the sixth and seventh	True
`` Nice safety squeeze , huh ? Good call by Doc , '' Turner joked , referring to manager Dave Roberts . Turner 's dribbler down the first-base line in the top of the ninth drove in Logan Forsythe from third	False
Dodgers relievers got the win in all three games over the weekend , and Kenley Jansen saved two . The Dodgers rallied from five down to sweep the three - game series at Coors Field . Los Angeles had runners at second	False
Dodgers relievers got the win in all three games over the weekend , and Kenley Jansen saved two . The Dodgers rallied from five down to sweep the three - game series at Coors Field . Los Angeles had runners at second and third	False
Dodgers relievers got the win in all three games over the weekend , and Kenley Jansen saved two . The Dodgers rallied from five down to sweep the three - game series at Coors Field . Los Angeles had runners at second and third in the ninth	True
Grandal followed with his ninth homer . Tony Cingrani ( 1 - 2 ) got the win with an inning of relief and Jansen pitched the ninth	True
Tony Wolters replaced him during Turner 's at-bat . Desmond drove in three runs with a homer -- his 10th -- in the first	True
Tony Wolters replaced him during Turner 's at-bat . Desmond drove in three runs with a homer -- his 10th -- in the first , and a bases loaded walk in the second	True
Desmond drove in three runs with a homer -- his 10th -- in the first , and a bases loaded walk in the second off Wood to stake Colorado to a 6 - 1 lead . Muncy , who homered to left field in the second inning , capped an 11-pitch at-bat in the third	True
Muncy , who homered to left field in the second inning , capped an 11-pitch at-bat in the third by hitting Chad Bettis ' slider into the seats in right to make it 6 - 4 . It was the first multihomer game of his career . The Dodgers took the lead in the seventh	True
Obtained from Kansas City on June 8 , Jay has come out of a slump that started in late June and extended into July . Jay , who played with San Diego in 2016 , also brought in a run with a groundout in the second	True
Jay , who played with San Diego in 2016 , also brought in a run with a groundout in the second , when the Diamondbacks took a 4 - 0 lead against Tyson Ross , who has been rumored to be on the trading block . The Padres got back into the game , with Ross hitting a tying single in the fourth	True
Jay , who played with San Diego in 2016 , also brought in a run with a groundout in the second , when the Diamondbacks took a 4 - 0 lead against Tyson Ross , who has been rumored to be on the trading block . The Padres got back into the game , with Ross hitting a tying single in the fourth , but their bullpen faltered in the eighth	True
Daniel Descalso hit a leadoff single off Phil Maton ( 0 - 1 ) and Jeff Mathis sacrificed before pinch-hitter Chris Owings walked . Kirby Yates , San Diego 's new closer after All-Star Brad Hand was traded to Cleveland , was greeted by Jay 's double . Paul Goldschmidt followed with his second RBI single of the game . The Diamondbacks added two runs in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks added two runs in the ninth off Phil Hughes . Archie Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Archie Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Arizona starting pitcher Patrick Corbin struck out eight in six innings and also had two singles and an RBI . Eduardo Escobar made his debut with the Diamondbacks a day after being acquired in a trade with Minnesota . He started at third base and batted fifth	False
The Padres are 2 - 6 since the All-Star break and have lost 11 of their last 13 games . Ross struggled badly in the second	True
Gonzalez , who struggled at the plate for much of the season 's first half , said he has fed off the success of the teammates . Antonio Senzatela ( 4 - 3 ) shook off a first-inning run to pitch effectively into the sixth	True
Brett Anderson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four runs on eight hits in losing for the first time in four starts since being reinstated from the 10-day disabled list on July 8 . A right shoulder strain kept him on the DL for nearly two months . Down 1 - 0 early , the Rockies took command with a pair of runs in the second	True
Down 1 - 0 early , the Rockies took command with a pair of runs in the second on Murphy 's RBI triple and a run-scoring single by Valaika . Arenado made it 3 - 1 in the third	True
Arenado made it 3 - 1 in the third when he connected for his NL-leading 27th home run of the season , driving a 3 - 2 offering from Anderson into the seats above the right-field scoreboard . Valaika also connected off Anderson for a solo shot in the fourth	True
Puig homered and drove in three runs following his return from the disabled list , Alex Wood pitched 5 2/3 scoreless innings to win his sixth straight decision and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the struggling Atlanta Braves 5 - 1 on Saturday night . Reinstated after missing 15 games with a right oblique strain , Puig made it 1 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Puig homered and drove in three runs following his return from the disabled list , Alex Wood pitched 5 2/3 scoreless innings to win his sixth straight decision and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the struggling Atlanta Braves 5 - 1 on Saturday night . Reinstated after missing 15 games with a right oblique strain , Puig made it 1 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the second off Max Fried and pushed the lead to 3 - 0 in the sixth	True
Wood ( 7 - 5 ) allowed one hit and four walks with five strikeouts . His performance followed Rich Hill 's seven scoreless innings Thursday and Clayton Kershaw 's one run allowed in 7 2/3 innings Friday against an Atlanta offense that led the NL for most of the first half of the season . The Braves , second	False
Wood ( 7 - 5 ) allowed one hit and four walks with five strikeouts . His performance followed Rich Hill 's seven scoreless innings Thursday and Clayton Kershaw 's one run allowed in 7 2/3 innings Friday against an Atlanta offense that led the NL for most of the first half of the season . The Braves , second in the NL East , have lost four straight and 13 of 18 mostly because their bats have been quieted . They 've averaged 2.2 runs over their last 13 defeats and have dropped to fifth	False
Wood ( 7 - 5 ) allowed one hit and four walks with five strikeouts . His performance followed Rich Hill 's seven scoreless innings Thursday and Clayton Kershaw 's one run allowed in 7 2/3 innings Friday against an Atlanta offense that led the NL for most of the first half of the season . The Braves , second in the NL East , have lost four straight and 13 of 18 mostly because their bats have been quieted . They 've averaged 2.2 runs over their last 13 defeats and have dropped to fifth in NL runs scored . Johan Camargo accounted for Atlanta 's offense with a homer off Caleb Ferguson in the seventh	True
Puig hit the Dodgers ' 143rd homer , tops in the NL for the West Division leaders . Wood stranded a runner in scoring position in the first	True
Puig hit the Dodgers ' 143rd homer , tops in the NL for the West Division leaders . Wood stranded a runner in scoring position in the first and second	True
Wood stranded a runner in scoring position in the first and second as he improved to 6 - 0 with a 2.61 ERA in his last seven starts since he lost at home to the Braves on June 9 . He did n't get a chance to face Tyler Flowers with two runners on in the sixth	True
He did n't get a chance to face Tyler Flowers with two runners on in the sixth . Flowers began the game with seven hits and eight RBI in 11 career at-bats against Wood , so Roberts brought in J. T. Chargois . Flowers struck out . Los Angeles led 1 - 0 in the second	True
He did n't get a chance to face Tyler Flowers with two runners on in the sixth . Flowers began the game with seven hits and eight RBI in 11 career at-bats against Wood , so Roberts brought in J. T. Chargois . Flowers struck out . Los Angeles led 1 - 0 in the second when Enrique Hernandez singled and scored on Puig 's sacrifice fly . They went up 5 - 1 in the ninth	False
Calhoun had three RBI on the night , while helping the Angels to a 4 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners in the opener of a three - game series . Calhoun 's 12th	True
In 32 games since returning from the disabled list on June 18 , he has 11 home runs and 23 RBI . Over the first two month of the season , he was batting .145 with a .179 slugging percentage and just one home run in 50 games . The Mariners were unsuccessful in trying to take the lead in the top of 10th	True
Roark had been 0 - 6 in seven starts since beating Tampa Bay on June 6 Harper , who missed Tuesday 's game because of a stomach ailment , hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Harper , who missed Tuesday 's game because of a stomach ailment , hit a three - run homer in the fifth against Freddy Peralta ( 4 - 2 ) for a 6 - 0 margin , matching Milwaukee 's Jesus Aguilar , Colorado 's Nolan Arenado and St. Louis ' Matt Carpenter for the NL home run lead . Hernan Perez hit a three - run homer in the ninth	False
Harper , who missed Tuesday 's game because of a stomach ailment , hit a three - run homer in the fifth against Freddy Peralta ( 4 - 2 ) for a 6 - 0 margin , matching Milwaukee 's Jesus Aguilar , Colorado 's Nolan Arenado and St. Louis ' Matt Carpenter for the NL home run lead . Hernan Perez hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Sammy Solis and Brad Miller reached on an infield hit with two outs before Kelvin Herrera retired Manny Pina on a soft liner to third	False
Peralta , recalled from Class A Wisconsin before the game , gave up seven runs , four hits and four walks in six innings . A pair of walks and a hit batter loaded the bases in the first	True
A pair of walks preceded the home run by Harper which was his major-league leading ninth home run on the first pitch this season . Juan Soto homered in the sixth	True
Sanchez failed to hustle on a pair of key plays , Jake Bauers hit a three - run homer and scored with some nifty baserunning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat Luis Severino and the New York Yankees 7 - 6 . The Yankees loaded the bases against Jose Alvarado with one out in the ninth	True
Sanchez failed to hustle on a pair of key plays , Jake Bauers hit a three - run homer and scored with some nifty baserunning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat Luis Severino and the New York Yankees 7 - 6 . The Yankees loaded the bases against Jose Alvarado with one out in the ninth when Brett Gardner singled , Aaron Judge walked and Giancarlo Stanton was intentionally walked . After Aaron Hicks hit into a force out at the plate , Alvarado got his first save when Sanchez grounded out , a play where Hicks beat the play at second	False
Sanchez failed to hustle on a pair of key plays , Jake Bauers hit a three - run homer and scored with some nifty baserunning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat Luis Severino and the New York Yankees 7 - 6 . The Yankees loaded the bases against Jose Alvarado with one out in the ninth when Brett Gardner singled , Aaron Judge walked and Giancarlo Stanton was intentionally walked . After Aaron Hicks hit into a force out at the plate , Alvarado got his first save when Sanchez grounded out , a play where Hicks beat the play at second but the Yankees catcher was thrown out at first	False
Hicks limped off the field after his slide . He was OK after the game . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Hicks limped off the field after his slide . He was OK after the game . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Bauers had a two - out double and aggressively scored from second	False
Yankees manager Aaron Boone plans to watch video of the plays before talking with Sanchez . Bauers made it 4 - 1 on his sixth homer in the fifth	True
New York has gone 13 - 13 over its last 26 games , a stretch that started when Tampa Bay had a three - game sweep over the Yankees June 22 - 24 . The Yankees fell six games back of AL East Boston , their biggest deficit ( 6 1/2 games ) since April 21 . Daniel Robertson , who had a pinch-hit walk-off grand slam in Sunday 's 6 - 4 win over Miami , got his third hit with a solo homer in a three - run sixth	True
Daniel Robertson , who had a pinch-hit walk-off grand slam in Sunday 's 6 - 4 win over Miami , got his third hit with a solo homer in a three - run sixth that extended Tampa Bay 's advantage to 7 - 3 . New York pulled within 4 - 3 in the sixth	False
New York pulled within 4 - 3 in the sixth when Stanton crossed the plate on Jesus Sucre 's passed ball and an RBI single by Sanchez . Stanton had a two - run single in a three - run seventh	True
In his previous game at Tropicana Field June 24 , Stanton had five hits in five at-bats . In the ninth	True
No one was warming up in the Tampa Bay bullpen because closer Sergio Romo was unavailable due to a stomach virus . The Yankees tied it at 1 during the second	True
The Yankees tied it at 1 during the second when Stanton hit a towering fly that center fielder Kevin Kiermaier appeared to lose in the ceiling and went for a double . Stanton scored on Miguel Andujar 's single . Matt Andriese ( 3 - 4 ) , the second	False
Anthony Rendon also had two hits and drove in two runs for Washington , extending his hitting streak to 10 games and helping the Nationals earn a split of the series after Saturday 's game was rained out . Adam Eaton and Juan Soto each had three hits . The start of the game was delayed 1 hour , 55 minutes by rain , and another downpour stopped play for almost 100 minutes between the sixth	True
Atlanta 's Mike Foltynewicz ( 7 - 6 ) , an All-Star who spent much of this week in Washington , gave up four runs and nine hits over 5 2/3 innings . Harper singled in Eaton to give Washington a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Atlanta 's Mike Foltynewicz ( 7 - 6 ) , an All-Star who spent much of this week in Washington , gave up four runs and nine hits over 5 2/3 innings . Harper singled in Eaton to give Washington a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth . Matt Adams added another RBI single in the seventh	False
Atlanta 's Mike Foltynewicz ( 7 - 6 ) , an All-Star who spent much of this week in Washington , gave up four runs and nine hits over 5 2/3 innings . Harper singled in Eaton to give Washington a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth . Matt Adams added another RBI single in the seventh , and Harper hit a solo drive in the eighth	True
Scherzer was staked to an early 3 - 0 lead and then got some help from his defense . Atlanta rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. led off the third	True
Scherzer was staked to an early 3 - 0 lead and then got some help from his defense . Atlanta rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. led off the third with a drive off the wall in center , but he was thrown out by Harper while trying for a double . With a runner on first	False
Scherzer was staked to an early 3 - 0 lead and then got some help from his defense . Atlanta rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. led off the third with a drive off the wall in center , but he was thrown out by Harper while trying for a double . With a runner on first in the fifth	True
Atlanta rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. led off the third with a drive off the wall in center , but he was thrown out by Harper while trying for a double . With a runner on first in the fifth , Freddie Freeman 's blast to right was chased down by Eaton on the warning track . Then in the seventh	True
Then in the seventh , Michael A. Taylor made a leaping catch at the wall in center to rob Dansby Swanson of extra bases with one runner on . Washington got off to a fast start with three runs in the first	True
Washington got off to a fast start with three runs in the first . Rendon drove in Eaton and Harper with a triple down the right-field line , and then scored on Soto 's groundout . Swanson drove in Atlanta 's runs with a groundout in the second	True
Washington got off to a fast start with three runs in the first . Rendon drove in Eaton and Harper with a triple down the right-field line , and then scored on Soto 's groundout . Swanson drove in Atlanta 's runs with a groundout in the second and a single in the fourth	True
Carpenter homered for the sixth consecutive game and Paul DeJong hit a tiebreaking double in the Cardinals ' three - run ninth inning , helping St. Louis beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 3 on Saturday for a split of their day-night doubleheader . Carpenter entered as a defensive replacement in the sixth	True
Carpenter homered for the sixth consecutive game and Paul DeJong hit a tiebreaking double in the Cardinals ' three - run ninth inning , helping St. Louis beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 3 on Saturday for a split of their day-night doubleheader . Carpenter entered as a defensive replacement in the sixth and hit a solo drive in the seventh	True
Carpenter said he is starting to get requests from his teammates for his salsa . The Cardinals trailed 3 - 2 before Yairo Munoz hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth	True
Carpenter said he is starting to get requests from his teammates for his salsa . The Cardinals trailed 3 - 2 before Yairo Munoz hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth . DeJong came up with runners on first	False
Carpenter said he is starting to get requests from his teammates for his salsa . The Cardinals trailed 3 - 2 before Yairo Munoz hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth . DeJong came up with runners on first and second	False
Carpenter said he is starting to get requests from his teammates for his salsa . The Cardinals trailed 3 - 2 before Yairo Munoz hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth . DeJong came up with runners on first and second in the ninth	False
The Cardinals trailed 3 - 2 before Yairo Munoz hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth . DeJong came up with runners on first and second in the ninth and delivered an RBI double to left field against Steve Cishek . Tommy Pham added a two - run double as St. Louis improved to 7 - 5 against NL Central-leading Chicago this season . Sam Tuivailala ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tommy Pham added a two - run double as St. Louis improved to 7 - 5 against NL Central-leading Chicago this season . Sam Tuivailala ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Bud Norris got three outs for his 18th save on a blustery day at Wrigley Field . It was one sweet swing for DeJong , who committed a costly error in Chicago 's three - run sixth	True
It was one sweet swing for DeJong , who committed a costly error in Chicago 's three - run sixth . He also bounced into a critical double play during St. Louis ' 7 - 2 loss in the opener . Anthony Rizzo had four hits from the leadoff spot and Mike Montgomery pitched six effective innings , but the Cubs ' bullpen was unable to close it out . Justin Wilson ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss after walking Carpenter and Harrison Bader to begin the ninth	True
The July deal -- and Machado 's impressive debut -- brought back memories of Los Angeles ' 2008 trade for Manny Ramirez , who helped power the Dodgers to the NL Championship Series . NL West-leading Los Angeles was held in check by Wade Miley before going ahead to stay in the seventh	True
NL West-leading Los Angeles was held in check by Wade Miley before going ahead to stay in the seventh . Moments after Yasmani Grandal was cut down at the plate on a nice pickup by catcher Manny Pina , Taylor singled in Chase Utley to give the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead . Machado 's second hit then set up Max Muncy 's run-scoring double off Taylor Williams ( 0 - 3 ) . Enrique Hernandez added a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Enrique Hernandez added a three - run homer in the ninth as Los Angeles earned its fifth win in six games . Rich Hill ( 3 - 4 ) struck out nine while pitching six innings of five - hit ball . Milwaukee returned from the break to an emotional apology from reliever Josh Hader for years-old racist and homophobic tweets that surfaced during the All-Star Game . Miley tossed six effective innings in his 200th career start and Jesus Aguilar hit his NL-best 25th homer in the eighth	True
Milwaukee returned from the break to an emotional apology from reliever Josh Hader for years-old racist and homophobic tweets that surfaced during the All-Star Game . Miley tossed six effective innings in his 200th career start and Jesus Aguilar hit his NL-best 25th homer in the eighth , but the Brewers dropped their seventh straight game . Christian Yelich hit a two - run triple in the ninth	True
Hader is going to participate in diversity and inclusion initiatives in addition to sensitivity training , according to Major League Baseball . The hard-throwing lefty did not get into the game against Los Angeles . Machado grounded a single into right field in his first at-bat . He also walked in the third	True
Hader is going to participate in diversity and inclusion initiatives in addition to sensitivity training , according to Major League Baseball . The hard-throwing lefty did not get into the game against Los Angeles . Machado grounded a single into right field in his first at-bat . He also walked in the third and fifth	True
Hader is going to participate in diversity and inclusion initiatives in addition to sensitivity training , according to Major League Baseball . The hard-throwing lefty did not get into the game against Los Angeles . Machado grounded a single into right field in his first at-bat . He also walked in the third and fifth , and flied out to right in the ninth	True
Machado grounded a single into right field in his first at-bat . He also walked in the third and fifth , and flied out to right in the ninth . Machado 's walk in the third helped load the bases with one out , and Taylor scampered home on a passed ball for Pina . But Matt Kemp then bounced into an unusual 1 - 3 - 3 double play , with Aguilar catching Muncy trying to scramble back to the bag at second	False
Machado 's walk in the third helped load the bases with one out , and Taylor scampered home on a passed ball for Pina . But Matt Kemp then bounced into an unusual 1 - 3 - 3 double play , with Aguilar catching Muncy trying to scramble back to the bag at second . Milwaukee also hurt itself on the bases . Keon Broxton was caught off second	False
Machado 's walk in the third helped load the bases with one out , and Taylor scampered home on a passed ball for Pina . But Matt Kemp then bounced into an unusual 1 - 3 - 3 double play , with Aguilar catching Muncy trying to scramble back to the bag at second . Milwaukee also hurt itself on the bases . Keon Broxton was caught off second on Miley 's base hit in the fifth	True
Machado 's walk in the third helped load the bases with one out , and Taylor scampered home on a passed ball for Pina . But Matt Kemp then bounced into an unusual 1 - 3 - 3 double play , with Aguilar catching Muncy trying to scramble back to the bag at second . Milwaukee also hurt itself on the bases . Keon Broxton was caught off second on Miley 's base hit in the fifth , and Miley was thrown out at home when he tried to score from first	False
Baez went opposite-field on his home run on a pitch from Hughes that just above the top of the strike zone . `` I hit it really good but kind of missed it a little bit and it went straight up . I did n't think it was going out . But we had men on first	False
Baez went opposite-field on his home run on a pitch from Hughes that just above the top of the strike zone . `` I hit it really good but kind of missed it a little bit and it went straight up . I did n't think it was going out . But we had men on first and third	False
Baez and Schwarber will be in Monday 's Home Run Derby in Washington . Kyle Hendricks ( 6 - 8 ) won for the first time in five starts , holding San Diego to two runs and five hits in five innings , with three strikeouts and no walks . He allowed Eric Hosmer 's two - run homer in the first	True
Baez and Schwarber will be in Monday 's Home Run Derby in Washington . Kyle Hendricks ( 6 - 8 ) won for the first time in five starts , holding San Diego to two runs and five hits in five innings , with three strikeouts and no walks . He allowed Eric Hosmer 's two - run homer in the first , his 10th	False
Kyle Hendricks ( 6 - 8 ) won for the first time in five starts , holding San Diego to two runs and five hits in five innings , with three strikeouts and no walks . He allowed Eric Hosmer 's two - run homer in the first , his 10th . That lead was gone by the fourth	True
Kyle Hendricks ( 6 - 8 ) won for the first time in five starts , holding San Diego to two runs and five hits in five innings , with three strikeouts and no walks . He allowed Eric Hosmer 's two - run homer in the first , his 10th . That lead was gone by the fourth . Happ homered to center field off Luis Perdomo ( 1 - 4 ) leading off the second	True
Kyle Hendricks ( 6 - 8 ) won for the first time in five starts , holding San Diego to two runs and five hits in five innings , with three strikeouts and no walks . He allowed Eric Hosmer 's two - run homer in the first , his 10th . That lead was gone by the fourth . Happ homered to center field off Luis Perdomo ( 1 - 4 ) leading off the second , his 11th	False
Kyle Hendricks ( 6 - 8 ) won for the first time in five starts , holding San Diego to two runs and five hits in five innings , with three strikeouts and no walks . He allowed Eric Hosmer 's two - run homer in the first , his 10th . That lead was gone by the fourth . Happ homered to center field off Luis Perdomo ( 1 - 4 ) leading off the second , his 11th . Schwarber homered to left on a line shot after Happ walked opening the fourth	True
That lead was gone by the fourth . Happ homered to center field off Luis Perdomo ( 1 - 4 ) leading off the second , his 11th . Schwarber homered to left on a line shot after Happ walked opening the fourth . It was Schwarber 's 18th . Baez gave the Cubs a 5 - 2 lead with a two - run double in the fifth	True
Baez gave the Cubs a 5 - 2 lead with a two - run double in the fifth that chased Perdomo . Jason Heyward was aboard on a double after the initial call that he was tagged out was overturned on video review . Hunter Renfroe hit a pinch , two - run homer for the Padres in the sixth	True
Baez gave the Cubs a 5 - 2 lead with a two - run double in the fifth that chased Perdomo . Jason Heyward was aboard on a double after the initial call that he was tagged out was overturned on video review . Hunter Renfroe hit a pinch , two - run homer for the Padres in the sixth , his sixth	False
Hunter Renfroe hit a pinch , two - run homer for the Padres in the sixth , his sixth , to pull the Padres within one . But the Cubs added on in the eighth	False
Trevor Story homered for the Rockies , and Kyle Freeland pitched six - hit ball into the sixth inning . DJ LeMahieu had two hits and drove in a run . Colorado trailed 1 - 0 before its rally in the sixth	True
Arizona left-hander Robbie Ray ( 3 - 2 ) hit Carlos Gonzalez and walked Chris Iannetta with one out before he was replaced by Silvino Bracho , who was called up before the game . Parra then hit a tying single to right , and Tapia followed with another single off Andrew Chafin . LeMahieu drove in Parra with a sacrifice fly . The Rockies added two more in the seventh	True
Scott Oberg ( 3 - 0 ) got two outs for the win . The Diamondbacks jumped in front on A. J. Pollock 's RBI single in the first	True
The Diamondbacks jumped in front on A. J. Pollock 's RBI single in the first . Paul Goldschmidt and Steven Souza Jr. each had two hits . Souza led off the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks jumped in front on A. J. Pollock 's RBI single in the first . Paul Goldschmidt and Steven Souza Jr. each had two hits . Souza led off the fourth with a triple and hit a leadoff double in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks jumped in front on A. J. Pollock 's RBI single in the first . Paul Goldschmidt and Steven Souza Jr. each had two hits . Souza led off the fourth with a triple and hit a leadoff double in the sixth and was stranded each time . Ketel Marte , John Ryan Murphy and Ray struck out in the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks jumped in front on A. J. Pollock 's RBI single in the first . Paul Goldschmidt and Steven Souza Jr. each had two hits . Souza led off the fourth with a triple and hit a leadoff double in the sixth and was stranded each time . Ketel Marte , John Ryan Murphy and Ray struck out in the fourth , and Souza was thrown out when he tried to score from third	False
The Diamondbacks jumped in front on A. J. Pollock 's RBI single in the first . Paul Goldschmidt and Steven Souza Jr. each had two hits . Souza led off the fourth with a triple and hit a leadoff double in the sixth and was stranded each time . Ketel Marte , John Ryan Murphy and Ray struck out in the fourth , and Souza was thrown out when he tried to score from third on Murphy 's hard-hit grounder to a drawn-in Arenado in the sixth	True
Souza led off the fourth with a triple and hit a leadoff double in the sixth and was stranded each time . Ketel Marte , John Ryan Murphy and Ray struck out in the fourth , and Souza was thrown out when he tried to score from third on Murphy 's hard-hit grounder to a drawn-in Arenado in the sixth . Arenado , a five - time Gold Glove winner at third	False
Marte hit a two - run home run and Trevor Williams combined with four relievers on a five - hitter as Pittsburgh beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 on Wednesday . Marte homered to deep center field , his 11th	False
Marte hit a two - run home run and Trevor Williams combined with four relievers on a five - hitter as Pittsburgh beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 on Wednesday . Marte homered to deep center field , his 11th , with two outs in the third	True
Marte hit a two - run home run and Trevor Williams combined with four relievers on a five - hitter as Pittsburgh beat the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 on Wednesday . Marte homered to deep center field , his 11th , with two outs in the third off Gio Gonzalez after Jordy Mercer led off the inning with the first	False
Tampa Bay , coming off consecutive road shutout wins over the New York Mets , entered with a 1.82 ERA over the previous 15 games . Kevin Kiermaier had a one - out triple off Blaine Hardy ( 3 - 2 ) in the 10th	True
Kevin Kiermaier had a one - out triple off Blaine Hardy ( 3 - 2 ) in the 10th . After Matt Duffy walked , Robertson won it on his hit to center . Matt Andriese ( 2 - 3 ) , the eighth Tampa Bay reliever , worked a scoreless 10th	True
Niko Goodrum had two doubles and three RBI for the Tigers , who have lost 16 of 20 . Carlos Gomez put the Rays up 8 - 7 with his third RBI , coming on a bunt single in the seventh	True
Carlos Gomez put the Rays up 8 - 7 with his third RBI , coming on a bunt single in the seventh . Pinch-hitter Joey Wendle made it 9 - 7 on a run-scoring double later in the inning . The Tigers tied it at 9-all during the eighth	True
Tigers starter Francisco Liriano allowed seven runs and eight hits over 2 1/3 innings . The lefty has given up 29 earned runs in 23 1/3 innings over eight appearances at Tropicana Field . Goodrum had an RBI double before Jose Iglesias drove in two with a double in a four - run seventh	True
Goodrum had an RBI double before Jose Iglesias drove in two with a double in a four - run seventh that pulled the Tigers even at 7 - 7 . The Rays took a 5 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rays took a 5 - 0 lead in the first . Two of the runs scored when Tigers right fielder Nicholas Castellanos lost Adeiny Hechavarria 's two - out fly that dropped for a double . Goodrum hit a two - run double during a three - run third	True
Goodrum hit a two - run double during a three - run third that got Detroit within 5 - 3 . The Rays went up 7 - 3 later in the third	True
The right-hander retired his first 18 batters , C. J. Cron hit an early three - run homer and the Tampa Bay Rays routed the New York Mets 9 - 0 on Sunday . Eovaldi took a perfect game into the seventh	True
Eovaldi took a perfect game into the seventh before Brandon Nimmo lined a leadoff single to right field . Nimmo was quickly erased on a double play , and Eovaldi faced the minimum while needing only 79 pitches to get through seven innings . Eovaldi , who returned this season from his second Tommy John surgery , struck out nine and helped himself with an RBI single . Andrew Kittredge pitched the final two innings for the Rays , giving up a single in the ninth	True
Three times this year Eovaldi has gone six or more innings and given up no more than one hit , tied with Pittsburgh 's Trevor Williams for most in the majors . Cron 's home run gave the Rays a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Flexen , making his first big league start since last September , struggled with command early . He lasted only three innings on a day when the Mets needed length from their starter ahead of a doubleheader Monday . He gave up five earned runs in three innings , walking three and hitting a batter with a pitch . Eovaldi knocked in a run in the fifth	True
Piscotty belted a go-ahead , two - run homer in the 11th inning as Oakland rallied for a 6 - 3 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Saturday afternoon . It was the Athletics ' 22nd comeback win of the season , six of them occurring in extra innings . The Indians carried a 3 - 0 lead into the eighth	True
Nine of Oakland 's last 19 victories have occurred via runs in the eighth inning or later , including its last two . The A 's scored twice in the eighth Wednesday to beat San Diego 4 - 2 . Cleveland had its home winning streak snapped at eight and fell to 1 - 6 in extra-inning contests . Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 5 ) , the Indians ' sixth pitcher , allowed all three runs after entering to start the 11th	True
The two - time AL Cy Young winner allowed only one runner to reach third base , scattering five hits and striking out three before exiting after 102 pitches . Kluber is 7 - 1 with a 1.43 ERA at Progressive Field this season . Oakland righty Edwin Jackson went 5 2/3 innings in his third big league start of the year , allowing single runs in the first	True
The two - time AL Cy Young winner allowed only one runner to reach third base , scattering five hits and striking out three before exiting after 102 pitches . Kluber is 7 - 1 with a 1.43 ERA at Progressive Field this season . Oakland righty Edwin Jackson went 5 2/3 innings in his third big league start of the year , allowing single runs in the first , second	True
The two - time AL Cy Young winner allowed only one runner to reach third base , scattering five hits and striking out three before exiting after 102 pitches . Kluber is 7 - 1 with a 1.43 ERA at Progressive Field this season . Oakland righty Edwin Jackson went 5 2/3 innings in his third big league start of the year , allowing single runs in the first , second and sixth	True
Gray retired the first two batters before loading the bases with two walks and a single . He escaped unscathed when Russell Martin struck out swinging . Things went downhill for Gray in the second	True
Gray retired the first two batters before loading the bases with two walks and a single . He escaped unscathed when Russell Martin struck out swinging . Things went downhill for Gray in the second , which began with Randal Grichuk 's double . One out later , Devon Travis and Curtis Granderson hit back-to-back RBI singles . Smoak capped the inning with a two - out homer , his 12th	False
Things went downhill for Gray in the second , which began with Randal Grichuk 's double . One out later , Devon Travis and Curtis Granderson hit back-to-back RBI singles . Smoak capped the inning with a two - out homer , his 12th . Hicks hit a solo home run in the third	True
Things went downhill for Gray in the second , which began with Randal Grichuk 's double . One out later , Devon Travis and Curtis Granderson hit back-to-back RBI singles . Smoak capped the inning with a two - out homer , his 12th . Hicks hit a solo home run in the third , his career-high 16th , then chased Blue Jays right-hander Sam Gaviglio with a bases-loaded walk in the fifth	True
Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 0 ) got the win , giving up four runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . He walked one and struck out two while winning his third straight start . Kela allowed a run in the ninth -- the first	False
The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning when Gallo became one of the few players to clear Comerica Park 's right-field stands with a home run . Gallo came into the game hitting .191 with 20 homers . Nomar Mazara made it 3 - 0 with an RBI grounder in the third	True
On Boyd 's fifth pitch after play resumed , Guzman hit a two - run homer to put Texas ahead by seven . The Tigers made it 7 - 3 in the bottom of the fourth	True
The Tigers made it 7 - 3 in the bottom of the fourth on RBI singles by John Hicks , Jim Adduci and Rodriguez , but Gallardo got Jose Iglesias to hit into an inning-ending double play . Goodrum homered in the sixth	True
Goodrum homered in the sixth to make it 7 - 4 . Rodriguez started the ninth	True
Goodrum homered in the sixth to make it 7 - 4 . Rodriguez started the ninth with an infield single and Iglesias reached on an error by third baseman Jurickson Profar . Victor Reyes followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 5 , but pinch-hitter Jeimer Candelario bounced into a force at second	False
Chacin ( 7 - 3 ) gave up three hits and two earned runs while matching a season high with seven strikeouts in what tied for his longest outing this year . The right-hander , who was 0 - 2 in his previous three starts while allowing 10 runs in 15 2/3 innings , retired 20 of the last 24 batters he faced . Dan Jennings pitched two perfect innings for his first save this season , and second	False
Braves left-hander Max Fried ( 1 - 3 ) lasted only three innings in his third start of the season , giving up four earned runs and four hits with three walks . Atlanta gave Fried a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Braves left-hander Max Fried ( 1 - 3 ) lasted only three innings in his third start of the season , giving up four earned runs and four hits with three walks . Atlanta gave Fried a 2 - 0 lead in the first , but he allowed a run in the bottom of the frame and did not help his cause in the second	True
Braves left-hander Max Fried ( 1 - 3 ) lasted only three innings in his third start of the season , giving up four earned runs and four hits with three walks . Atlanta gave Fried a 2 - 0 lead in the first , but he allowed a run in the bottom of the frame and did not help his cause in the second . After a leadoff triple by Perez and a walk to Keon Broxton , Milwaukee tied it at 2 on a single by Tyler Saladino . Fried failed to hold the runners on first	False
Braves left-hander Max Fried ( 1 - 3 ) lasted only three innings in his third start of the season , giving up four earned runs and four hits with three walks . Atlanta gave Fried a 2 - 0 lead in the first , but he allowed a run in the bottom of the frame and did not help his cause in the second . After a leadoff triple by Perez and a walk to Keon Broxton , Milwaukee tied it at 2 on a single by Tyler Saladino . Fried failed to hold the runners on first and second	False
Then , Fried not only walked Chacin , he fired a wild pitch that bounced off the backstop on ball four . Catcher Tyler Flowers retrieved the ball and threw to Fried covering the plate . But Saladino -- who appeared to be an easy out -- slid awkwardly in front of the plate and knocked it out of the pitcher 's glove . Saladino got up and stepped on the plate for a 4 - 2 lead . Perez hit a two - run homer -- his fifth -- off reliever Dan Winkler in the eighth	True
Sabathia ( 6 - 3 ) followed his impressive showing last Friday against Boston , the team with the best record in baseball , working out of a couple of jams for the Yankees , who have won six of their past eight after getting swept in three games at Tampa . National League East-leading Atlanta loaded the bases with two outs in the first	True
New York took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Greg Bird 's RBI single off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran ( 6 - 6 ) , who lasted just five innings , allowing five hits and five runs . He walked four and struck out 10 . The Yankees got to Teheran again in the third	True
The Yankees got to Teheran again in the third . With a runner on first	False
With a runner on first and two outs , Aaron Hicks walked . Stanton then fell behind 0 - 2 before hitting a line drive to the right field bleachers for his 21st homer of the season to make it 4 - 0 . After retiring the first two batters in the fourth	True
After retiring the first two batters in the fourth , Teheran fell behind 2 - 0 against Higashioka before the rookie connected to the left field stands , extending the lead to 5 - 0 . The Braves cut the deficit to 5 - 1 on an RBI grounder from Danny Santana with one out in the fifth	True
After retiring the first two batters in the fourth , Teheran fell behind 2 - 0 against Higashioka before the rookie connected to the left field stands , extending the lead to 5 - 0 . The Braves cut the deficit to 5 - 1 on an RBI grounder from Danny Santana with one out in the fifth . Johan Camargo hit his ninth home run of the season with two outs in the sixth	True
After retiring the first two batters in the fourth , Teheran fell behind 2 - 0 against Higashioka before the rookie connected to the left field stands , extending the lead to 5 - 0 . The Braves cut the deficit to 5 - 1 on an RBI grounder from Danny Santana with one out in the fifth . Johan Camargo hit his ninth home run of the season with two outs in the sixth that made it 5 - 2 . But Sabathia limited the damage by retiring Dansby Swanson on a grounder to second	False
Nola ( 11 - 2 ) gave up one run and seven hits to win his fifth straight decision . He escaped a jam on his 103rd pitch when second baseman Cesar Hernandez made an outstanding , over-the-shoulder running catch on Machado 's shallow fly to right with two outs and runners on first	False
Nola ( 11 - 2 ) gave up one run and seven hits to win his fifth straight decision . He escaped a jam on his 103rd pitch when second baseman Cesar Hernandez made an outstanding , over-the-shoulder running catch on Machado 's shallow fly to right with two outs and runners on first and third	False
After five consecutive losing seasons , the Phillies are on the rise under Kapler . They pulled within 1 1/2 games of NL East-leading Atlanta and moved 10 games over .500 for the first time since finishing the 2011 season with a franchise-record 102 wins . Making his second career start and third appearance , Orioles right-hander Yefry Ramirez ( 0 - 2 ) retired 13 of his first 14 batters before running into trouble in the fifth	True
Making his second career start and third appearance , Orioles right-hander Yefry Ramirez ( 0 - 2 ) retired 13 of his first 14 batters before running into trouble in the fifth . Ramirez gave up two runs -- one earned -- and one hit in five innings . Williams connected off David Hess in the seventh	True
Victor Arano tossed two scoreless innings for his first career save . Ramirez did n't allow a hit until Scott Kingery ripped a one - out double to left in the fifth	True
Victor Arano tossed two scoreless innings for his first career save . Ramirez did n't allow a hit until Scott Kingery ripped a one - out double to left in the fifth . Williams , who walked , advanced to third	False
Jorge Alfaro followed with a grounder down the first-base line . Chris Davis moved a few steps to his left , took his eyes off the ball to look at Williams running halfway down the line , and the ball knuckled under his glove . Both runners scored on the error . Adam Jones lined an RBI double to left-center in the third	True
MIAMI -- J. T. Realmuto had another big game before another small crowd , which probably did n't help his cause much in the All-Star voting . The Marlins ' catcher homered in the fifth	True
The Marlins ' catcher homered in the fifth and singled to spark a game-winning rally as the Marlins beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 in 10 innings Monday . Realmuto has 11 home runs and is batting .311 but ranks a distant fifth	False
There were n't many at Marlins Park to spread the word . Attendance was 6,004 . Brian Anderson walked against Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 2 ) to start the 10th	True
There were n't many at Marlins Park to spread the word . Attendance was 6,004 . Brian Anderson walked against Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 2 ) to start the 10th and took third	False
The Rays lost for only the second time in 10 games , and allowed more than two runs for the first time in seven games , ending a franchise-record streak . Tampa Bay has lost 21 one - run games , most in the majors . Realmuto 's solo homer put Miami ahead 2 - 1 . The Rays ' C. J. Cron tied the game in the ninth	True
Realmuto 's solo homer put Miami ahead 2 - 1 . The Rays ' C. J. Cron tied the game in the ninth with a two - out RBI double against closer Kyle Barraclough , who had n't given up a run since May 8 . Miami had runners at the corners in the 10th	True
Miami had runners at the corners in the 10th with none out when Rivera pulled a one - hopper up the line . Third baseman Matt Duffy backhanded the ball and double-clutched in foul territory before making a wild throw home , with the play ruled a hit . Rivera , a reserve batting .198 , entered the game in the ninth	True
Rivera , a reserve batting .198 , entered the game in the ninth as a defensive replacement and came through with his second walk-off hit this season . Miami second baseman Starlin Castro tied a career high with four hits but also committed an error that led to an unearned run . Miguel Rojas had three hits , including a two - out RBI double in the second	True
The Marlins ' Wei-Yin Chen allowed one run in six innings and it was unearned , lowering his ERA to 5.55 . Tampa Bay 's Nathan Eovaldi gave up two runs in six innings . Drew Rucinski ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
On Sunday , he had two doubles and a solo homer in Oakland . Lindor homered in the fourth	True
On Sunday , he had two doubles and a solo homer in Oakland . Lindor homered in the fourth after Yan Gomes singled and Jakob Junis hit Tyler Naquin and Rajai Davis with pitches . He added a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Lindor has 17 home runs and 54 RBI in 54 games against the Royals . Kluber ( 12 - 4 ) , who failed to make it out of the second inning in his previous start at St. Louis , gave up two runs in the first	True
Junis ( 5 - 10 ) has lost his last seven starts and is tied with teammate Jason Hammel for most losses in the American League . He has yielded a major league-high 24 home runs , including 12 in his last five starts over 27 innings . Whit Merrifield homered on Kluber 's third pitch for his fourth career leadoff home run . Salvador Perez singled home Mike Moustakas , who had doubled , in an 11-pitch at-bat for the other Kansas City run in the first	True
Whit Merrifield homered on Kluber 's third pitch for his fourth career leadoff home run . Salvador Perez singled home Mike Moustakas , who had doubled , in an 11-pitch at-bat for the other Kansas City run in the first . Jorge Bonifacio logged his first RBI of the season in the Kansas City sixth	True
Matz ( 4 - 5 ) did that in the series finale , when he pitched 5 1/3 innings and allowed only an unearned run . It scored on his error , and he worked around misplays by two teammates -- an encouraging sign from a pitcher still learning not to let setbacks snowball . New York 's bullpen leads the majors in losses but limited Miami to one hit in the final 3 2/3 innings . Jeurys Familia completed the four - hitter with a perfect ninth	True
Straily allowed three runs in seven innings , matching his longest outing of the year . Cameron Maybin hit his first homer for the Marlins , but they slipped back into last place in the division . Matz loaded the bases with two out in the second	True
Matz loaded the bases with two out in the second by walking Straily , an .056 career hitter , but then struck out Starlin Castro to escape . Matz also reached behind his legs to snare Lewis Brinson 's grounder and retire him in the fourth	True
Matz loaded the bases with two out in the second by walking Straily , an .056 career hitter , but then struck out Starlin Castro to escape . Matz also reached behind his legs to snare Lewis Brinson 's grounder and retire him in the fourth . But the left-hander failed to come up with Straily 's safety squeeze bunt with two out in the inning , allowing Miguel Rojas to score from third	False
Aaron Judge and Gleyber Torres also homered for New York , which leads the 19-game season series 5 - 4 . The next time the teams meet is early August at Fenway Park . The first Yankees leadoff batter to hit three home runs in a game , Hicks connected twice from the right side of the plate and once from the left . He smacked a two - run shot to right field in the second inning and a solo drive to center in the fourth	True
The first Yankees leadoff batter to hit three home runs in a game , Hicks connected twice from the right side of the plate and once from the left . He smacked a two - run shot to right field in the second inning and a solo drive to center in the fourth that chased Price ( 9 - 6 ) and made it 8 - 0 . Hicks pulled his 14th	False
The first Yankees leadoff batter to hit three home runs in a game , Hicks connected twice from the right side of the plate and once from the left . He smacked a two - run shot to right field in the second inning and a solo drive to center in the fourth that chased Price ( 9 - 6 ) and made it 8 - 0 . Hicks pulled his 14th of the season into the right-field stands in the eighth	True
The only other Yankees hitter to go deep three times at the current Yankee Stadium was Curtis Granderson in April 2012 against the Twins . Judge had three hits and scored three times . Torres socked a three - run shot that gave New York a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Severino ( 13 - 2 ) lowered his AL-leading ERA to 1.98 and improved to 8 - 0 at home this season . He walked off to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 46,795 and tipped his cap , right on track to become the first Yankees pitcher to start the All-Star Game since Roger Clemens in 2001 . Boston ( 56 - 29 ) was outhit 16 - 4 and did n't score until the ninth	True
Barria ( 9 - 8 ) scattered three hits and one walk in six innings to improve to 3 - 1 with a 2.73 ERA in six starts in August . He was much sharper than his last outing against the Astros last Saturday , when he gave up four runs and five hits in three innings of the Angels ' 8 - 3 loss . Justin Anderson struck out one in a perfect seventh	True
Justin Anderson struck out one in a perfect seventh . Ty Buttrey got into a jam in the eighth inning when Josh Reddick singled with no out before pinch-hitter Tony Kemp gave Houston its first extra-base hit of the night with a double on a liner to right field . Alex Bregman walked with one out to load the bases , but Buttrey struck out Jose Altuve before Carlos Correa popped out to end the inning . Blake Parker allowed one hit and walked one in a scoreless ninth	True
Blake Parker allowed one hit and walked one in a scoreless ninth for his 13th save . Houston starter Framber Valdez ( 2 - 1 ) was replaced by Collin McHugh after walking Kole Calhoun to start the sixth inning . An error by McHugh allowed Calhoun to advance to second	False
Blake Parker allowed one hit and walked one in a scoreless ninth for his 13th save . Houston starter Framber Valdez ( 2 - 1 ) was replaced by Collin McHugh after walking Kole Calhoun to start the sixth inning . An error by McHugh allowed Calhoun to advance to second before a single by David Fletcher sent him to third	False
Mike Trout 's sacrifice fly put the Angels up 1 - 0 , and Simmons followed one out later with his homer into the left-field seats . The Astros went 0 for 8 with runners in scoring position on a night manager A. J. Hinch was ejected for arguing with home plate umpire Eric Cooper between the third	True
Valdez was charged with a run and two hits while walking three in five - plus innings for his first loss after winning his last two games . The Astros had runners at first	False
Valdez was charged with a run and two hits while walking three in five - plus innings for his first loss after winning his last two games . The Astros had runners at first and third	False
Valdez was charged with a run and two hits while walking three in five - plus innings for his first loss after winning his last two games . The Astros had runners at first and third with one out in the third	True
Valdez was charged with a run and two hits while walking three in five - plus innings for his first loss after winning his last two games . The Astros had runners at first and third with one out in the third after singles by Martin Maldonado and George Springer , but Barria retired Bregman and Altuve to escape the jam . Correa singled to start Houston 's fourth	True
Valdez was charged with a run and two hits while walking three in five - plus innings for his first loss after winning his last two games . The Astros had runners at first and third with one out in the third after singles by Martin Maldonado and George Springer , but Barria retired Bregman and Altuve to escape the jam . Correa singled to start Houston 's fourth before Barria retired the last nine batters he faced . He was replaced by Anderson to start the seventh	True
His confidence is shaken . Minnesota 's Joe Mauer became the third player in club history to score 1,000 career runs . Mauer doubled and scored on Eddie Rosario 's double in the fifth	True
Minnesota 's Joe Mauer became the third player in club history to score 1,000 career runs . Mauer doubled and scored on Eddie Rosario 's double in the fifth to join Hall of Famers Kirby Puckett ( 1,071 ) and Harmon Killebrew ( 1,047 ) . Twins rookie Willians Astudillo hit his first career homer in the third	True
Twins rookie Willians Astudillo hit his first career homer in the third . As Allen looks to find his command , Francona is looking for other places to use him than in the ninth	True
Twins rookie Willians Astudillo hit his first career homer in the third . As Allen looks to find his command , Francona is looking for other places to use him than in the ninth . Allen came in earlier than usual to protect a one - run lead in the seventh	True
Eddie Rosario singled and Allen gave up a four - pitch walk to Miguel Sano , drawing boos from Indians fans before Grossman ripped his two - run single through the right side . `` We 've seen this year , myself and our bullpen at times as a whole , that third	True
`` We 've seen this year , myself and our bullpen at times as a whole , that third out can be kind of elusive . And for me personally , that 's just how it is right now . '' Trevor May ( 3 - 0 ) picked up the win and Trevor Hildenberger worked a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth	True
Then , with the offense in a deep funk , Souza arrived at the ballpark Wednesday and checked the lineup : leadoff . He made good on his word that he could handle the job , hitting a home run to start the third	True
Frazier hit a grand slam and drove in a season-high five runs to lead the New York Mets to a 10 - 3 victory over Chicago on Wednesday , avenging a tough loss earlier in the day . The Cubs had won a season-high seven in a row after pulling out a 2 - 1 victory earlier Wednesday on Ben Zobrist 's RBI single with the bases loaded in the 11th	True
Frazier hit a grand slam and drove in a season-high five runs to lead the New York Mets to a 10 - 3 victory over Chicago on Wednesday , avenging a tough loss earlier in the day . The Cubs had won a season-high seven in a row after pulling out a 2 - 1 victory earlier Wednesday on Ben Zobrist 's RBI single with the bases loaded in the 11th . That game was suspended in the top of the 10th	False
The scheduled meeting did n't go nearly as well for the NL Central leaders . They could n't close out a perfect homestand after sweeping the first four games against Cincinnati and taking two more from New York . But they felt charged and ready for a season-long 11-day , 11-game trip that starts Thursday at Atlanta . Frazier gave New York a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning with his drive against Alec Mills and added an RBI single in a two - run ninth	True
Mills ( 0 - 1 ) scattered five hits over five innings in his second major league start and did not allow a run after Frazier 's grand slam . He walked Michael Conforto with two outs in the first	True
He walked Michael Conforto with two outs in the first to load the bases . Frazier then launched a 2 - 0 pitch toward the back of the left-field bleachers -- his fourth career grand slam and first since he hit one for the White Sox at Texas on May 9 , 2016 . Ian Happ hit an RBI single for Chicago in the second	True
He walked Michael Conforto with two outs in the first to load the bases . Frazier then launched a 2 - 0 pitch toward the back of the left-field bleachers -- his fourth career grand slam and first since he hit one for the White Sox at Texas on May 9 , 2016 . Ian Happ hit an RBI single for Chicago in the second , but the Mets scored four in the seventh	True
He walked Michael Conforto with two outs in the first to load the bases . Frazier then launched a 2 - 0 pitch toward the back of the left-field bleachers -- his fourth career grand slam and first since he hit one for the White Sox at Texas on May 9 , 2016 . Ian Happ hit an RBI single for Chicago in the second , but the Mets scored four in the seventh to make it 8 - 1 . Victor Caratini hit a two - run homer for Chicago in the ninth	False
MILWAUKEE -- Chris Archer blamed nobody but himself for the Pittsburgh Pirates ' loss to Milwaukee . Mike Moustakas and Manny Pina each hit a two - run homer in the third inning , Jonathan Schoop went deep in the seventh	True
Mike Moustakas and Manny Pina each hit a two - run homer in the third inning , Jonathan Schoop went deep in the seventh and the Brewers beat the Pirates 7 - 4 on Sunday . The Brewers rocked Archer ( 4 - 7 ) for six runs and six hits in the third	True
Even Brewers manager Craig Counsell tipped his cap to Marte . Schoop hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
Schoop hit a solo shot in the seventh off Nick Kingham , recalled Saturday from Triple-A Indianapolis . Chase Anderson ( 9 - 7 ) cruised through the first four innings for Milwaukee . He allowed Adeiny Hechavarria 's two - out RBI double in the fifth	True
Schoop hit a solo shot in the seventh off Nick Kingham , recalled Saturday from Triple-A Indianapolis . Chase Anderson ( 9 - 7 ) cruised through the first four innings for Milwaukee . He allowed Adeiny Hechavarria 's two - out RBI double in the fifth , then fell apart in the sixth	True
Adam Frazier , who hit a three - run homer in the Pirates ' 9 - 1 win Saturday night , teed off on Anderson for a two - run shot and Polanco followed with a solo drive that pulled the Pirates to 6 - 4 . A single by Francisco Cervelli chased Anderson with nobody out and brought on Josh Hader . Corey Dickerson grounded to second baseman Schoop , who tossed to shortstop Orlando Arcia at second	False
Adam Frazier , who hit a three - run homer in the Pirates ' 9 - 1 win Saturday night , teed off on Anderson for a two - run shot and Polanco followed with a solo drive that pulled the Pirates to 6 - 4 . A single by Francisco Cervelli chased Anderson with nobody out and brought on Josh Hader . Corey Dickerson grounded to second baseman Schoop , who tossed to shortstop Orlando Arcia at second . Cervelli slid into Arcia as he made the relay throw to first	False
Corey Dickerson grounded to second baseman Schoop , who tossed to shortstop Orlando Arcia at second . Cervelli slid into Arcia as he made the relay throw to first . Second base umpire D. J. Reyburn called Cervelli out for interference and gave the Brewers a double play . Elias Diaz grounded out to end the inning . Hader followed up with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh	True
Corey Dickerson grounded to second baseman Schoop , who tossed to shortstop Orlando Arcia at second . Cervelli slid into Arcia as he made the relay throw to first . Second base umpire D. J. Reyburn called Cervelli out for interference and gave the Brewers a double play . Elias Diaz grounded out to end the inning . Hader followed up with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh , and Joakim Soria worked around two infield throwing errors in the eighth	True
Corey Dickerson grounded to second baseman Schoop , who tossed to shortstop Orlando Arcia at second . Cervelli slid into Arcia as he made the relay throw to first . Second base umpire D. J. Reyburn called Cervelli out for interference and gave the Brewers a double play . Elias Diaz grounded out to end the inning . Hader followed up with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh , and Joakim Soria worked around two infield throwing errors in the eighth . Jeremy Jeffress , who blew a save Friday night , pitched the ninth	True
Hader followed up with a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh , and Joakim Soria worked around two infield throwing errors in the eighth . Jeremy Jeffress , who blew a save Friday night , pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Archer , who exited his previous start against Atlanta after four innings with left leg discomfort , walked two and struck out five in his second career start against Milwaukee . His first	False
Arrieta ( 9 - 9 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six - plus innings , his third straight losing decision . Morales connected off Arrieta in the second	True
Morales connected off Arrieta in the second , matching Jose Bautista ( 2014 ) for the Blue Jays ' second-longest streak of games with a home run . Jose Cruz Jr. connected in a team-record six straight in 2001 . McKinney homered for the second time in three games with a two - run drive to left in the third	True
Ryan Borucki ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings as Toronto won its fourth straight . Scott Kingery hit a solo home run for the Phillies but was also thrown out at home plate trying to score from second	False
Ryan Borucki ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings as Toronto won its fourth straight . Scott Kingery hit a solo home run for the Phillies but was also thrown out at home plate trying to score from second on Roman Quinn 's one - out single in the second	True
Scott Kingery hit a solo home run for the Phillies but was also thrown out at home plate trying to score from second on Roman Quinn 's one - out single in the second . Blue Jays outfielder Kevin Pillar got his seventh outfield assist . Borucki gave up a run in the first	True
Scott Kingery hit a solo home run for the Phillies but was also thrown out at home plate trying to score from second on Roman Quinn 's one - out single in the second . Blue Jays outfielder Kevin Pillar got his seventh outfield assist . Borucki gave up a run in the first on a sacrifice fly by catcher Wilson Ramos , then held the Phillies scoreless until Kingery 's solo homer in the seventh	True
Borucki gave up a run in the first on a sacrifice fly by catcher Wilson Ramos , then held the Phillies scoreless until Kingery 's solo homer in the seventh . Borucki left to a standing ovation and was replaced by Ryan Tepera , who got two outs . Tyler Clippard pitched the eighth	True
Borucki gave up a run in the first on a sacrifice fly by catcher Wilson Ramos , then held the Phillies scoreless until Kingery 's solo homer in the seventh . Borucki left to a standing ovation and was replaced by Ryan Tepera , who got two outs . Tyler Clippard pitched the eighth and former Phillies closer Ken Giles finished for his 17th save in 17 opportunities , striking out Hoskins looking to strand runners at first	False
Borucki gave up a run in the first on a sacrifice fly by catcher Wilson Ramos , then held the Phillies scoreless until Kingery 's solo homer in the seventh . Borucki left to a standing ovation and was replaced by Ryan Tepera , who got two outs . Tyler Clippard pitched the eighth and former Phillies closer Ken Giles finished for his 17th save in 17 opportunities , striking out Hoskins looking to strand runners at first and second	False
Price signed a seven - year , $ 217 million contract before the 2016 season and pitched well in his first season in Boston but has yet to win a playoff game with the Red Sox . He has given up five runs in six starts since the All-Star break , an ERA of 1.09 that is the lowest in the league among regular starters . On Thursday , he hit a batter but walked none , striking out seven before leaving to a standing ovation and high fives from his teammates after the top of the eighth	True
On Thursday , he hit a batter but walked none , striking out seven before leaving to a standing ovation and high fives from his teammates after the top of the eighth . The Indians had not been shut out at Fenway Park since the final week of the 2009 season . Adam Plutko ( 4 - 4 ) matched him into the fifth	True
On Thursday , he hit a batter but walked none , striking out seven before leaving to a standing ovation and high fives from his teammates after the top of the eighth . The Indians had not been shut out at Fenway Park since the final week of the 2009 season . Adam Plutko ( 4 - 4 ) matched him into the fifth , when Sandy Leon led off with a ground-rule double and moved to third	False
The A 's are 42 - 16 since June 16 . Their only other losing streak since the turnaround began that day was a three - game sweep by Colorado from July 27 - 29 . Joe Mauer drove in Garver with a single that tied him with Rod Carew for second	False
The A 's lost with Cahill on the mound for the first time since June 2 . He spent most of June and part of July on the disabled list . Khris Davis moved into the major league lead with his 39th home run , a no-doubt drive to start the second inning against Twins starter Kohl Stewart , who lasted until the fifth	True
The A 's lost with Cahill on the mound for the first time since June 2 . He spent most of June and part of July on the disabled list . Khris Davis moved into the major league lead with his 39th home run , a no-doubt drive to start the second inning against Twins starter Kohl Stewart , who lasted until the fifth . Stewart threw two wild pitches that contributed to A 's runs , one in the fifth	True
Khris Davis moved into the major league lead with his 39th home run , a no-doubt drive to start the second inning against Twins starter Kohl Stewart , who lasted until the fifth . Stewart threw two wild pitches that contributed to A 's runs , one in the fifth that allowed Matt Chapman to chug home . Alan Busenitz ( 4 - 0 ) , the first	False
Khris Davis moved into the major league lead with his 39th home run , a no-doubt drive to start the second inning against Twins starter Kohl Stewart , who lasted until the fifth . Stewart threw two wild pitches that contributed to A 's runs , one in the fifth that allowed Matt Chapman to chug home . Alan Busenitz ( 4 - 0 ) , the first of five Twins relievers , gave up a single to Marcus Semien later in that inning that Eddie Rosario fielded in shallow left field . Rosario threw out Matt Olson trying to score from second	False
Alan Busenitz ( 4 - 0 ) , the first of five Twins relievers , gave up a single to Marcus Semien later in that inning that Eddie Rosario fielded in shallow left field . Rosario threw out Matt Olson trying to score from second to end the inning with the Twins leading 5 - 3 , with an assist to Garver for disguising the arrival of the ball . Trevor Hildenberger shook off Jed Lowrie 's two - out homer in the ninth	True
Not so much for the A 's , who 've bolstered an already strong bullpen for the stretch run . The last sign this was n't their night came in the eighth	True
All of it was on display Thursday as Nola outdueled Max Scherzer in a meeting of All-Star aces , Odubel Herrera hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and Philadelphia defeated the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 . Nola ( 15 - 3 ) was masterful in his matchup with the three - time Cy Young Award winner , allowing five hits and one walk . He escaped his biggest jam with his final pitch , striking out Bryce Harper with runners on first	False
All of it was on display Thursday as Nola outdueled Max Scherzer in a meeting of All-Star aces , Odubel Herrera hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and Philadelphia defeated the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 . Nola ( 15 - 3 ) was masterful in his matchup with the three - time Cy Young Award winner , allowing five hits and one walk . He escaped his biggest jam with his final pitch , striking out Bryce Harper with runners on first and second	False
All of it was on display Thursday as Nola outdueled Max Scherzer in a meeting of All-Star aces , Odubel Herrera hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and Philadelphia defeated the Washington Nationals 2 - 0 . Nola ( 15 - 3 ) was masterful in his matchup with the three - time Cy Young Award winner , allowing five hits and one walk . He escaped his biggest jam with his final pitch , striking out Bryce Harper with runners on first and second to end the eighth	True
Scherzer ( 16 - 6 ) was nearly as good in the first matchup of starters with at least 150 innings and a sub-2.25 ERA since St. Louis ' John Tudor faced Mets ace Dwight Gooden on Sept. 11 , 1985 . Scherzer gave up two hits in seven innings and struck out 10 , increasing his major league-leading total to 244 . Scherzer held the Phillies hitless until the fifth	True
Scherzer held the Phillies hitless until the fifth , when Jorge Alfaro 's grounder took a hop and skipped past shortstop Trea Turner . There was a smattering of boos when the official scoring of a single was posted on the scoreboard . The Phillies only other hit off Scherzer came in the seventh	True
Herrera is the first Philadelphia center fielder with 20 home runs since Aaron Rowand in 2007 . Pat Neshek pitched a perfect ninth	True
He altered that thinking . This is Jon Gray : Version 2.0 . Gray threw effectively into the seventh inning and Ian Desmond hit a two - run triple in the sixth	True
Gray ( 10 - 7 ) went 6 1/3 innings and allowed two runs before running out of steam and turning it over to the bullpen . He 's now 3 - 0 with a 2.59 ERA over seven starts since his recall from Triple-A Albuquerque . After allowing a run in the first	True
Padres manager Andy Green said after the game there was no concussion . Myers was scheduled to make his eighth start at third base as the Padres experimented with sliding the veteran first baseman across the infield . Instead , Cory Spangenberg moved to third	False
Padres manager Andy Green said after the game there was no concussion . Myers was scheduled to make his eighth start at third base as the Padres experimented with sliding the veteran first baseman across the infield . Instead , Cory Spangenberg moved to third and Jose Pirela played second	False
In his fourth start for Atlanta , Gausman ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits with five strikeouts and two walks , helping the NL East-leading Braves take the first two legs of the three - game series . He has allowed six runs in 27 innings since being acquired from the Baltimore Orioles on July 31 . Swanson 's first homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
In his fourth start for Atlanta , Gausman ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits with five strikeouts and two walks , helping the NL East-leading Braves take the first two legs of the three - game series . He has allowed six runs in 27 innings since being acquired from the Baltimore Orioles on July 31 . Swanson 's first homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth before he sent another two - run shot into nearly the same spot in the left field bleachers , extending the lead to 5 - 0 in the seventh	True
In his fourth start for Atlanta , Gausman ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits with five strikeouts and two walks , helping the NL East-leading Braves take the first two legs of the three - game series . He has allowed six runs in 27 innings since being acquired from the Baltimore Orioles on July 31 . Swanson 's first homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth before he sent another two - run shot into nearly the same spot in the left field bleachers , extending the lead to 5 - 0 in the seventh . Kurt Suzuki doubled down the left-field line , scoring Ozzie Albies from first	False
In his fourth start for Atlanta , Gausman ( 8 - 9 ) gave up four hits with five strikeouts and two walks , helping the NL East-leading Braves take the first two legs of the three - game series . He has allowed six runs in 27 innings since being acquired from the Baltimore Orioles on July 31 . Swanson 's first homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth before he sent another two - run shot into nearly the same spot in the left field bleachers , extending the lead to 5 - 0 in the seventh . Kurt Suzuki doubled down the left-field line , scoring Ozzie Albies from first for the third run . Tyler Flowers scored on a wild pitch in the ninth	True
Swanson 's first homer gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth before he sent another two - run shot into nearly the same spot in the left field bleachers , extending the lead to 5 - 0 in the seventh . Kurt Suzuki doubled down the left-field line , scoring Ozzie Albies from first for the third run . Tyler Flowers scored on a wild pitch in the ninth to make it 6 - 0 . Ivan Nova ( 7 - 8 ) allowed Swanson 's first home run after retiring his initial 10 batters , including the first nine on 29 pitches . Ender Inciarte singled to center for Atlanta 's first hit with one out in the fourth	True
Ivan Nova ( 7 - 8 ) allowed Swanson 's first home run after retiring his initial 10 batters , including the first nine on 29 pitches . Ender Inciarte singled to center for Atlanta 's first hit with one out in the fourth . Nova got through six innings on 78 pitches ( 51 strikes ) , but was removed when Josh Harrison pinch-hit with one out and the Pirates trailing 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
Harrison singled and the Pirates eventually loaded the bases with two outs , but Gausman got out of the jam when Josh Bell grounded out to short . Gregory Polanco led off the ninth	True
Davis had no thoughts of switching uniforms , saying , `` I wanted to rock that . '' Laureano connected in the second	True
Davis had no thoughts of switching uniforms , saying , `` I wanted to rock that . '' Laureano connected in the second and again in the sixth	True
Laureano connected in the second and again in the sixth with a three - run shot that chased Bartolo Colon ( 7 - 11 ) , the 45-year-old Rangers starter scratched a day earlier against the Angels because of back stiffness . Stephen Piscotty homered in the seventh	False
Texas began a weeklong stay in the Bay Area with an interleague series set for this weekend against the Giants at AT & T Park in San Francisco . Both teams squandered early chances , with the A 's having first	False
Texas began a weeklong stay in the Bay Area with an interleague series set for this weekend against the Giants at AT & T Park in San Francisco . Both teams squandered early chances , with the A 's having first and second	True
Texas began a weeklong stay in the Bay Area with an interleague series set for this weekend against the Giants at AT & T Park in San Francisco . Both teams squandered early chances , with the A 's having first and second with one out in the first	True
Texas began a weeklong stay in the Bay Area with an interleague series set for this weekend against the Giants at AT & T Park in San Francisco . Both teams squandered early chances , with the A 's having first and second with one out in the first and the Rangers first	False
Texas began a weeklong stay in the Bay Area with an interleague series set for this weekend against the Giants at AT & T Park in San Francisco . Both teams squandered early chances , with the A 's having first and second with one out in the first and the Rangers first and second	False
Texas began a weeklong stay in the Bay Area with an interleague series set for this weekend against the Giants at AT & T Park in San Francisco . Both teams squandered early chances , with the A 's having first and second with one out in the first and the Rangers first and second in the second	True
Pollock homered in the ninth inning , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 3 on Sunday to stay on top of the NL West . Pollock , who missed nearly two months with a thumb injury , drove a 1 - 2 pitch from Kirby Yates ( 4 - 2 ) over the wall in left for his 16th homer , sending Arizona to its fourth win in five games . Arizona had tied it at 3 on Daniel Descalso 's solo homer off rookie Trey Wingenter in the eighth	True
After getting two hits and driving in two on Saturday night , Pollock is hitting his stride at an opportune time . Archie Bradley ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
After getting two hits and driving in two on Saturday night , Pollock is hitting his stride at an opportune time . Archie Bradley ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Brad Boxberger retired the side in the ninth	True
Archie Bradley ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Brad Boxberger retired the side in the ninth for his 28th save . The Diamondbacks remained a half-game ahead of second-place Colorado , which won 4 - 2 at Atlanta . David Peralta homered in the third	True
David Peralta homered in the third against San Diego starter Brett Kennedy . Peralta missed Friday 's game due to illness and was limited to pinch-hitting on Saturday , but he collected two hits in the finale of the four - game set . Arizona slugger Paul Goldschmidt set a club record by reaching base in 10 straight plate appearances when he was intentionally walked in the first	True
David Peralta homered in the third against San Diego starter Brett Kennedy . Peralta missed Friday 's game due to illness and was limited to pinch-hitting on Saturday , but he collected two hits in the finale of the four - game set . Arizona slugger Paul Goldschmidt set a club record by reaching base in 10 straight plate appearances when he was intentionally walked in the first . But he struck out on a foul tip in the third	True
Hunter Renfroe homered and drove in three runs for San Diego , which has lost seven of its last eight against Arizona at Petco Park . Renfroe hit a two - run shot in the first	True
Hunter Renfroe homered and drove in three runs for San Diego , which has lost seven of its last eight against Arizona at Petco Park . Renfroe hit a two - run shot in the first against Zack Greinke that travelled into the visiting bullpen in left-center and bounced near the newly erected statue of Padres great Trevor Hoffman . Renfroe was later hit on the right forearm by a pitch from Bradley and exited the game in the ninth	True
Andrew Miller , Dan Otero and Adam Cimber finished off the shutout . Baltimore has been blanked 11 times this season . Orioles starter Yefry Ramirez ( 1 - 5 ) allowed seven runs in three - plus innings . The rookie right-hander was removed after the first five hitters reached base in the fourth	True
Baltimore has the worst record in baseball ( 37 - 87 ) and is 16 - 47 on the road . Cleveland sent 11 batters to the plate in the fourth	True
Cabrera hit his fourth career grand slam and first since May 27 , 2016 , with the Chicago White Sox against Kansas City . Clevinger 's fifth pickoff of the season helped him avoid first-inning trouble . Rookie Cedric Mullins started the game with a double and took third	False
Cabrera hit his fourth career grand slam and first since May 27 , 2016 , with the Chicago White Sox against Kansas City . Clevinger 's fifth pickoff of the season helped him avoid first-inning trouble . Rookie Cedric Mullins started the game with a double and took third on Jonathan Villar 's one - out single . Clevinger then picked Villar off first	False
Clevinger 's fifth pickoff of the season helped him avoid first-inning trouble . Rookie Cedric Mullins started the game with a double and took third on Jonathan Villar 's one - out single . Clevinger then picked Villar off first and struck out Mark Trumbo . Clevinger allowed a baserunner in every inning . Baltimore 's best chance came with runners on first	False
Clevinger 's fifth pickoff of the season helped him avoid first-inning trouble . Rookie Cedric Mullins started the game with a double and took third on Jonathan Villar 's one - out single . Clevinger then picked Villar off first and struck out Mark Trumbo . Clevinger allowed a baserunner in every inning . Baltimore 's best chance came with runners on first and third	False
Clevinger 's fifth pickoff of the season helped him avoid first-inning trouble . Rookie Cedric Mullins started the game with a double and took third on Jonathan Villar 's one - out single . Clevinger then picked Villar off first and struck out Mark Trumbo . Clevinger allowed a baserunner in every inning . Baltimore 's best chance came with runners on first and third in the second	True
Tyler Glasnow ( 0 - 1 ) , making his fourth start since being acquired from Pittsburgh at the non-wavier trading deadline , gave up five runs , four earned , and three hits . He walked three and struck out four in 6 2/3 innings . The Red Sox took advantage of Glasnow 's wildness to jump ahead 4 - 0 in the first	True
The Red Sox took advantage of Glasnow 's wildness to jump ahead 4 - 0 in the first . Moreland 's RBI double made it 1 - 0 before Martinez and Xander Bogaerts walked to load the bases . The righty then walked Ian Kinsler , forcing in a run . First baseman Jake Bauers then fired Brock Holt 's grounder into left field attempting a force at second	False
First baseman Jake Bauers then fired Brock Holt 's grounder into left field attempting a force at second and two runs scored , making it 4 - 0 . In the third	True
In the third , Martinez homered into Boston 's bullpen . Cron 's homer cleared the Green Monster and left Fenway Park completely in the sixth	True
Goldschmidt drove the first pitch he saw from left-hander Joey Lucchesi out to left-center field for his 28th of the season . That got Arizona going en route to its sixth straight win over San Diego at Petco Park . Souza doubled into the right-center gap with the bases loaded to bring home three runs in the sixth	True
Robbie Ray started for Arizona and walked his first two batters . While Ray held San Diego to two hits , both by Eric Hosmer , he allowed three runs over 4 2/3 innings . Ray walked five and struck out three . Hosmer homered in the fifth	True
Hosmer homered in the fifth on a ball that just cleared the left field fence beyond Jon Jay 's glove . Arizona challenged the call as it appeared a fan interfered with Jay while spilling a beer , but the call was upheld after replay review . Manuel Margot hit a ball to nearly the same spot in the eighth	True
Manuel Margot hit a ball to nearly the same spot in the eighth and Jay made another leaping attempt , but a fan caught the ball above Jay 's glove for a solo homer that cut the lead to 9 - 4 . Eduardo Escobar added a solo home run in the eighth	False
Mattingly was ejected in the fourth inning for arguing balls and strikes after Derek Dietrich was called out on a 3 - 2 pitch that appeared to be outside . The Nationals went ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
Mattingly was ejected in the fourth inning for arguing balls and strikes after Derek Dietrich was called out on a 3 - 2 pitch that appeared to be outside . The Nationals went ahead 1 - 0 in the second on Zimmerman 's 10th home run . After Wieters ' solo shot made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Nationals went ahead 1 - 0 in the second on Zimmerman 's 10th home run . After Wieters ' solo shot made it 3 - 0 in the fourth , Scherzer doubled and scored on Eaton 's double . Harper picked up his 500th career RBI with a single in the seventh	True
Harper picked up his 500th career RBI with a single in the seventh , and Daniel Murphy extended his hitting streak to 10 games . The Marlins got two runs in the seventh	True
Rodon thinks his partnership with catcher Omar Narvaez has played a major role in his hot streak . Trailing 6 - 3 in the ninth	True
Trailing 6 - 3 in the ninth , the Tigers put their first two runners on , but Jeanmar Gomez struck out James McCann . White Sox manager Rick Renteria brought in Luis Avilan , and Victor Martinez loaded the bases with a pinch-hit single . Mikie Mahtook grounded into a force at second	False
Jordan Zimmermann ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing six runs and nine hits , including the two home runs . Zimmermann struck out four while falling to 1 - 5 with a 5.85 ERA in his past six starts . The White Sox scored twice in the third	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing six runs and nine hits , including the two home runs . Zimmermann struck out four while falling to 1 - 5 with a 5.85 ERA in his past six starts . The White Sox scored twice in the third . With one out , Nicky Delmonico 's double put runners on second	False
Jordan Zimmermann ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing six runs and nine hits , including the two home runs . Zimmermann struck out four while falling to 1 - 5 with a 5.85 ERA in his past six starts . The White Sox scored twice in the third . With one out , Nicky Delmonico 's double put runners on second and third	False
The Tigers loaded the bases with no one out in the bottom of the inning . Jose Iglesias made it 2 - 1 with an RBI single before Castellanos put Detroit ahead 3 - 2 with a two - run single . Davidson gave the White Sox a 4 - 3 edge with a fourth-inning homer , and Abreu 's home run over the Chicago bullpen made it 6 - 3 in the fifth	True
Gant ( 5 - 4 ) permitted four hits and struck out six in 5 1/3 innings . He has given up just two earned runs over 11 1/3 innings in his last two starts , both wins . The 26-year-old Gant was 0 for 30 for his career when he drove a 1 - 1 pitch from Gio Gonzalez ( 7 - 9 ) over the wall in left in the second	True
Gant , who has a reputation for being a stoic player , admitted to smiling `` once or twice '' once he got back to the dugout . Wong 's solo homer made it 6 - 1 in the sixth	True
Gant , who has a reputation for being a stoic player , admitted to smiling `` once or twice '' once he got back to the dugout . Wong 's solo homer made it 6 - 1 in the sixth , but Washington responded with three in the eighth	False
Wong 's solo homer made it 6 - 1 in the sixth , but Washington responded with three in the eighth . Harper hit a two - run shot , and Daniel Murphy singled in Anthony Rendon . Matt Adams then struck out looking against Dakota Hudson , ending the inning , and Jordan Hicks worked the ninth	True
Matt Adams then struck out looking against Dakota Hudson , ending the inning , and Jordan Hicks worked the ninth for his fourth save in eight chances . Paul DeJong also doubled and scored for St. Louis one night after he connected for a game-ending homer in a 7 - 6 victory . Matt Carpenter walked in the sixth	True
Carrasco struck out nine in seven innings , and the Indians held off the White Sox for a 9 - 7 win . AL Central-leading Cleveland had a 9 - 1 lead heading into the bottom of the eighth	True
Carrasco struck out nine in seven innings , and the Indians held off the White Sox for a 9 - 7 win . AL Central-leading Cleveland had a 9 - 1 lead heading into the bottom of the eighth , and almost blew it . Run-scoring singles by Tim Anderson and Kevan Smith trimmed the Indians ' lead to 9 - 5 in the ninth	True
Melky Cabrera hit a three - run homer against one of his former teams , helping the Indians take two of three in the series . Jason Kipnis and Yandy Diaz , who was called up to replace injured slugger Edwin Encarnacion , had three hits apiece . Engel finished with three hits and three RBI , including a solo drive in the eighth	True
Melky Cabrera hit a three - run homer against one of his former teams , helping the Indians take two of three in the series . Jason Kipnis and Yandy Diaz , who was called up to replace injured slugger Edwin Encarnacion , had three hits apiece . Engel finished with three hits and three RBI , including a solo drive in the eighth . He added another outstanding catch to his resume , robbing Yonder Alonso of a potential three - run homer with a leaping grab in center in the top half of the eighth	True
He made two similar plays against the New York Yankees in Chicago 's previous series . The Indians supported Carrasco with four runs in the first	True
He made two similar plays against the New York Yankees in Chicago 's previous series . The Indians supported Carrasco with four runs in the first and two more in the second	True
The Indians supported Carrasco with four runs in the first and two more in the second . Alonso hit a two - out RBI single before Cabrera hit a drive to right for a 4 - 0 lead . Kipnis and Diaz hit RBI singles in the second	True
Alonso hit a two - out RBI single before Cabrera hit a drive to right for a 4 - 0 lead . Kipnis and Diaz hit RBI singles in the second against Dylan Covey ( 4 - 9 ) . The White Sox scored their lone run off Carrasco on Daniel Palka 's groundout in the first	True
Austin was acquired in the July 30 trade that sent Lance Lynn to the New York Yankees . The 26-year-old Austin , who hit .223 with eight homers in 34 games for the Yankees before the move , was recalled from Triple-A Rochester on Friday . Austin connected on a Francisco Liriano slider in the fifth	True
Detroit lost for the seventh time in eight games . Liriano ( 3 - 7 ) allowed three runs and six hits in five innings while dropping to 0 - 6 in his last 13 outings . The Tigers rallied in the ninth	True
Victor Martinez led off with a walk , and Niko Goodrum followed with a drive to right for his 12th homer . Jim Adduci then singled , but James McCann struck out looking , rookie Victor Reyes flied out , and JaCoby Jones struck out for the third time . It was Hildenberger 's first save of the year and the second	False
It was Hildenberger 's first save of the year and the second of his career , both coming at Comerica Park . The Tigers jumped in front on McCann 's RBI single in the second	True
The Tigers jumped in front on McCann 's RBI single in the second but did n't score again off Gibson . The Twins tied it in the third	False
The Twins tied it in the third when Eddie Rosario scored on Liriano 's wild pitch . Austin 's ninth homer gave the Twins a 3 - 1 lead , and Rosario 's RBI double off Zach McAllister put Minnesota ahead by three in the sixth	True
Bell continued his strong series since coming off the disabled list earlier in the week . He stopped a 0 - for - 13 slide with a homer on Thursday , and then had three hits on Friday . After grounding into a double play in his first at-bat Saturday , Bell hit his eighth homer off Ty Blach ( 6 - 7 ) in the fourth	True
Toronto , meanwhile , matched a season-worst by falling 11 games below .500 at 51 - 62 . Teoscar Hernandez hit a two - run home run for the Blue Jays , his 17th , and Randal Grichuk added a three - run blast , his 15th	False
Hauschild , who pitched six shutout innings of relief to beat Seattle in his Blue Jays debut last Thursday , allowed four runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . Bogaerts drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk off Santos in the fifth	True
Hauschild , who pitched six shutout innings of relief to beat Seattle in his Blue Jays debut last Thursday , allowed four runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . Bogaerts drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk off Santos in the fifth and Devers homered off Jake Petricka in the sixth	True
Hauschild , who pitched six shutout innings of relief to beat Seattle in his Blue Jays debut last Thursday , allowed four runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings . Bogaerts drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk off Santos in the fifth and Devers homered off Jake Petricka in the sixth , his 16th . Boston made it 8 - 2 when Martinez and Bogaerts hit back-to-back doubles off Danny Barnes in the seventh	True
Bogaerts drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk off Santos in the fifth and Devers homered off Jake Petricka in the sixth , his 16th . Boston made it 8 - 2 when Martinez and Bogaerts hit back-to-back doubles off Danny Barnes in the seventh . Martinez hit an RBI single off Joe Biagini in the eighth	False
Felipe Vazquez got the last four outs for his 26th save . Frazier had two doubles and a single , but made what might have been his biggest contribution on defense . With runners on the corners and two outs in the eighth inning , pinch-hitter Chris Iannetta hit a sharp grounder to the hole at second	False
Colorado scored just six runs in the three - game series . Archer retired the first eight batters before Marquez singled in the third	True
Colorado scored just six runs in the three - game series . Archer retired the first eight batters before Marquez singled in the third . Colorado broke through in the fourth	True
Colorado scored just six runs in the three - game series . Archer retired the first eight batters before Marquez singled in the third . Colorado broke through in the fourth on Dahl 's two run homer , his fifth	False
Archer retired the first eight batters before Marquez singled in the third . Colorado broke through in the fourth on Dahl 's two run homer , his fifth of the season , to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Pittsburgh led early on an RBI double by Gregory Polanco and a run-scoring single by Frazier in the first	True
Archer retired the first eight batters before Marquez singled in the third . Colorado broke through in the fourth on Dahl 's two run homer , his fifth of the season , to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Pittsburgh led early on an RBI double by Gregory Polanco and a run-scoring single by Frazier in the first , and an RBI groundout in the third	False
Adames ' solo homer with two out in the ninth inning lifted the Tampa Bay Rays to a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Adames connected against Miguel Castro ( 2 - 6 ) . Sergio Romo ( 2 - 2 ) got the win after retiring two batters in the ninth	True
Tyler Glasnow struck out nine in four innings in his second start for the Rays after being acquired from Pittsburgh on July 31 . He was lifted after 61 pitches . One of the two hits off Glasnow was a homer by Beckham , his fifth	False
One of the two hits off Glasnow was a homer by Beckham , his fifth of the season . Mancini 's 16th homer came off Jaime Schultz and put the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Mancini 's 16th homer came off Jaime Schultz and put the Orioles ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth . Mark Trumbo drove in another Baltimore run with a single in the sixth	True
The Red Sox now find themselves in firm control of the AL East . Benintendi 's RBI single with two outs in the 10th capped Boston 's rally from three runs down in the ninth	True
The Yankees had n't been swept in a four - game series by the Red Sox when they entered a series 30 or more games over .500 since Hall of Famer Ted Williams ' rookie season in 1939 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Sandy Leon looped a two - out single off Jonathan Holder ( 1 - 3 ) in the 10th	True
Sandy Leon looped a two - out single off Jonathan Holder ( 1 - 3 ) in the 10th and advanced on a wild pitch . Tony Renda pinch-ran before Benintendi 's single up the middle to the right of the second-base bag into center field . Matt Barnes ( 4 - 3 ) worked a perfect inning in the top of the 10th	False
It snapped his streak of converting 22 straight opportunities since his last blown save on May 4 . With New York leading 4 - 1 in the ninth	True
It snapped his streak of converting 22 straight opportunities since his last blown save on May 4 . With New York leading 4 - 1 in the ninth , Chapman loaded the bases on walks before Martinez 's two - out , two - run single pulled Boston within one . Third baseman Miguel Andujar then bounced a throw to first	False
With New York leading 4 - 1 in the ninth , Chapman loaded the bases on walks before Martinez 's two - out , two - run single pulled Boston within one . Third baseman Miguel Andujar then bounced a throw to first on Xander Bogaerts ' grounder , with pinch-runner Jackie Bradley Jr. racing home with the tying run . Red Sox starter David Price took a shutout into the seventh	True
Red Sox starter David Price took a shutout into the seventh , giving up two runs and four hits with five strikeouts and three walks . Playing on a beautiful mid-summer night with a sellout crowd amped from the opening pitch , Price and Masahiro Tanaka were locked in a scoreless duel before Betts hit a hanging cutter completely out of Fenway Park over the Green Monster in the fifth	True
Playing on a beautiful mid-summer night with a sellout crowd amped from the opening pitch , Price and Masahiro Tanaka were locked in a scoreless duel before Betts hit a hanging cutter completely out of Fenway Park over the Green Monster in the fifth . Price , tagged for 12 runs over 4 1/3 innings in his other two starts against the Yankees this season , left to a rousing ovation with two on and nobody out in the seventh	True
Firing 98 - 99 mph heat , Wheeler fanned his first three batters for the first time in the majors . He has permitted one first-inning run in his past 12 starts after giving up 10 in his initial nine starts . McNeil 's double set up Amed Rosario 's run-scoring grounder in the second	True
Firing 98 - 99 mph heat , Wheeler fanned his first three batters for the first time in the majors . He has permitted one first-inning run in his past 12 starts after giving up 10 in his initial nine starts . McNeil 's double set up Amed Rosario 's run-scoring grounder in the second before Gausman gave up three straight singles to start the sixth	True
Verlander won his first career regular-season start at Dodger Stadium , giving up one run on four hits over 7 2/3 innings . He pitched well in last year 's World Series but had a loss and a no-decision in his two starts . Springer was the unquestioned star of last year 's World Series against the Dodgers . He had five home runs , including homers in games 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 . It appeared to be more of the same Friday when he worked a walk in the first inning and ripped an RBI double to left in the second	True
The Dodgers ' Joc Pederson led off in the first inning with a home run off Verlander . It was his second straight game he 's led off with a homer and fifth time this season . He has eight in his career . Offense was hard to come by after that for the Dodgers . Chris Taylor had singles in the third	True
The Dodgers ' Joc Pederson led off in the first inning with a home run off Verlander . It was his second straight game he 's led off with a homer and fifth time this season . He has eight in his career . Offense was hard to come by after that for the Dodgers . Chris Taylor had singles in the third and eighth innings off Verlander . Bellinger had a single in the fourth	True
Offense was hard to come by after that for the Dodgers . Chris Taylor had singles in the third and eighth innings off Verlander . Bellinger had a single in the fourth . Verlander struck out the side in both the second	True
Offense was hard to come by after that for the Dodgers . Chris Taylor had singles in the third and eighth innings off Verlander . Bellinger had a single in the fourth . Verlander struck out the side in both the second and fourth innings and set down Pederson in the eighth inning for his 14th	False
Ben Zobrist drove in two runs for the NL Central-leading Cubs , who entered one game ahead of Milwaukee . Jose Quintana ( 10 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , leaving with a 3 - 1 lead . Pedro Strop nearly wasted a 5 - 2 advantage , allowing Cory Spangenberg 's RBI double and Travis Jankowski 's run-scoring grounder before third baseman David Bote threw out Spangenberg at the plate trying to score on Manuel Margot 's grounder . Baez had thrown out Jankowski at the plate in the eighth	True
Ben Zobrist drove in two runs for the NL Central-leading Cubs , who entered one game ahead of Milwaukee . Jose Quintana ( 10 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , leaving with a 3 - 1 lead . Pedro Strop nearly wasted a 5 - 2 advantage , allowing Cory Spangenberg 's RBI double and Travis Jankowski 's run-scoring grounder before third baseman David Bote threw out Spangenberg at the plate trying to score on Manuel Margot 's grounder . Baez had thrown out Jankowski at the plate in the eighth when Jankowski tried to score on Hunter Renfroe 's grounder to second	False
Tyson Ross ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings as the Padres lost for the eighth time in their last nine games . San Diego is an NL-worst 43 - 69 . Baez led off the second	True
Tyson Ross ( 6 - 9 ) gave up three runs and six hits in five innings as the Padres lost for the eighth time in their last nine games . San Diego is an NL-worst 43 - 69 . Baez led off the second with an opposite-field drive into the right-field bleachers , and Zobrist hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Baez led off the second with an opposite-field drive into the right-field bleachers , and Zobrist hit a sacrifice fly in the third . Christian Villanueva 's 20th homer cut the gap in the fourth	True
Baez led off the second with an opposite-field drive into the right-field bleachers , and Zobrist hit a sacrifice fly in the third . Christian Villanueva 's 20th homer cut the gap in the fourth , but Zobrist grounded into a run-scoring forceout in the fifth	True
Baez led off the second with an opposite-field drive into the right-field bleachers , and Zobrist hit a sacrifice fly in the third . Christian Villanueva 's 20th homer cut the gap in the fourth , but Zobrist grounded into a run-scoring forceout in the fifth and Rizzo homered off Robert Stock for a 4 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
Christian Villanueva 's 20th homer cut the gap in the fourth , but Zobrist grounded into a run-scoring forceout in the fifth and Rizzo homered off Robert Stock for a 4 - 1 lead in the seventh . Spangenberg scored when reliever Steve Cishek threw Margot 's comebacker into center field for an error in an eighth	True
Cody Bellinger hit a grand slam , Joc Pederson and Yasiel Puig hit two homers each , and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 21 - 5 on Thursday night . Brian Dozier and Justin Turner also went deep as Los Angeles finished with its highest scoring total at Dodger Stadium . The Dodgers hit a season high-tying seven homers , and also set season highs for runs in a game , and in an inning when they had nine in the seventh	True
But this game was all about the Dodgers ' offense . The starting outfield of Pederson , Bellinger and Puig each had four RBI . Acording to STATS LLC , the only other time that happened was in 1964 , when the Milwaukee Braves ' trio of Hank Aaron , Rico Carty and Lee Maye did it . Bellinger snapped an 0 - for - 13 slide when he lifted a 0 - 1 pitch from Brewers starter Jhoulys Chacin off the right-field foul pole for his 18th of the season . It was his second grand slam this season and third	False
Infielder Hernan Perez and catcher Erik Kratz each made his third appearance on the mound for the Brewers . Pederson started the Dodgers ' home-run binge when he led off the game with a drive deep into the seats in right field . It was the seventh leadoff home run of his career , with four of those coming this year . He added a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Pederson started the Dodgers ' home-run binge when he led off the game with a drive deep into the seats in right field . It was the seventh leadoff home run of his career , with four of those coming this year . He added a three - run shot in the seventh to give him 16 on the season . Puig had a solo shot down the left-field line in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Pederson started the Dodgers ' home-run binge when he led off the game with a drive deep into the seats in right field . It was the seventh leadoff home run of his career , with four of those coming this year . He added a three - run shot in the seventh to give him 16 on the season . Puig had a solo shot down the left-field line in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the seventh to give him 14 on the season . Dozier , who was acquired from Minnesota at Tuesday 's trade deadline , hit a three - run shot to left field in the fifth	True
The 25-year-old catcher was out from May 1 until June 24 with right elbow tendinitis . Now he says he feels his best since debuting in the majors with San Diego in 2015 . Erlin ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run , struck out four and walked one in his third start this season and first since May 21 . He did n't allow a runner until Jason Heyward 's infield single with two outs in the fourth	True
`` I thought I made some pitches where I needed to , but credit to them . They had some hits I made good pitches on . '' Montgomery put the Cubs ahead in the fifth	True
`` I thought I made some pitches where I needed to , but credit to them . They had some hits I made good pitches on . '' Montgomery put the Cubs ahead in the fifth when he hit a comebacker with runners at the corners and one out . Erlin threw to second	False
Montgomery put the Cubs ahead in the fifth when he hit a comebacker with runners at the corners and one out . Erlin threw to second for a forceout , and shortstop Freddy Galvis made a one - hop throw home , trying for a double play . Shane Livensparger ruled Contreras out , but the call was overturned when a video review found Conteras got his right hand on the plate ahead of the tag by Hedges . Montgomery walked Hosmer in the sixth	True
Montgomery walked Hosmer in the sixth , Christian Villanueva singled off Chavez to cap an 11-pitch at-bat , and Hedges homered deep to left on the next pitch . Hosmer hit an RBI single in the seventh	True
Montgomery walked Hosmer in the sixth , Christian Villanueva singled off Chavez to cap an 11-pitch at-bat , and Hedges homered deep to left on the next pitch . Hosmer hit an RBI single in the seventh off Justin Wilson . Ellis had an RBI double in the eighth	False
LOS ANGELES -- Brian Dozier began his first game for the Los Angeles Dodgers with an error and then got better quickly . Yasmani Grandal hit a two - run homer -- his second	False
Dozier went 3 for 4 with two runs scored after being acquired from Minnesota on Tuesday . All-Star Matt Kemp ended an 0 - for - 26 skid with a single leading off 10th	True
All-Star Matt Kemp ended an 0 - for - 26 skid with a single leading off 10th against Matt Albers ( 3 - 3 ) . Grandal followed with his 19th homer after the Dodgers had blown a 4 - 2 lead . The Brewers tied it 4-all in the eighth	True
The Brewers tied it 4-all in the eighth . Mike Moustakas doubled off reliever Scott Alexander , who gave up three walks -- one intentional -- before Manny Pina singled in Ryan Braun . Dozier scored to put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 2 in the seventh	False
Dozier scored to put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 2 in the seventh on Yasiel Puig 's single . The Dodgers trailed 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
Dozier got pushed into taking a curtain call after his 17th homer overall . Dozier singled leading off the seventh	True
Dozier singled leading off the seventh . With one out , Chris Taylor walked and Puig singled to right field , scoring Dozier to give the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Pinch-hitter Enrique Hernandez followed with a safety squeeze along the first-base line , scoring Taylor . Dylan Floro ( 4 - 2 ) got the win after retiring the side in the 10th	True
Dylan Floro ( 4 - 2 ) got the win after retiring the side in the 10th . Lorenzo Cain went 3 for 4 with a walk for Milwaukee , falling a home run shy of the cycle . He tripled in the first	True
Lorenzo Cain went 3 for 4 with a walk for Milwaukee , falling a home run shy of the cycle . He tripled in the first and scored on second baseman Dozier 's throwing error . The Brewers led 2 - 0 in the third	True
The Yankees headed to their four - game series at Fenway Park after perhaps their worst performance this season , a 7 - 5 defeat Wednesday to the Baltimore Orioles , who have the worst record in the major leagues . And to Alex Cobb , who leads the big leagues in losses . Gleyber Torres raised his homer total to 17 with a solo shot in the second	True
The Yankees headed to their four - game series at Fenway Park after perhaps their worst performance this season , a 7 - 5 defeat Wednesday to the Baltimore Orioles , who have the worst record in the major leagues . And to Alex Cobb , who leads the big leagues in losses . Gleyber Torres raised his homer total to 17 with a solo shot in the second and a three - run drive in the ninth	True
The Yankees headed to their four - game series at Fenway Park after perhaps their worst performance this season , a 7 - 5 defeat Wednesday to the Baltimore Orioles , who have the worst record in the major leagues . And to Alex Cobb , who leads the big leagues in losses . Gleyber Torres raised his homer total to 17 with a solo shot in the second and a three - run drive in the ninth , but the rookie second baseman also failed to cover first base on Caleb Joseph 's second-inning bunt and second	True
First baseman Greg Bird said the lashing was needed . Baltimore , which traded six veterans for prospects in recent weeks , took a 5 - 0 lead in the second	True
First baseman Greg Bird said the lashing was needed . Baltimore , which traded six veterans for prospects in recent weeks , took a 5 - 0 lead in the second . Trey Mancini hit a run-scoring single , and Joseph reached on a bunt single as third baseman Miguel Andujar delayed his throw because Torres did n't sprint to cover first	False
Torres led off the bottom half with his first home run since July 1 , and Cobb ( 3 - 14 ) struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the inning , leaving the Yankees 0 for 15 with four sacrifice flies in their last 19 plate appearances with the bases loaded . Mancini homered in the third	True
Torres led off the bottom half with his first home run since July 1 , and Cobb ( 3 - 14 ) struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the inning , leaving the Yankees 0 for 15 with four sacrifice flies in their last 19 plate appearances with the bases loaded . Mancini homered in the third , and Breyvic Valera greeted Lynn with a grounder to Didi Gregorius . The shortstop looked to second	False
Torres led off the bottom half with his first home run since July 1 , and Cobb ( 3 - 14 ) struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the inning , leaving the Yankees 0 for 15 with four sacrifice flies in their last 19 plate appearances with the bases loaded . Mancini homered in the third , and Breyvic Valera greeted Lynn with a grounder to Didi Gregorius . The shortstop looked to second for a force , saw Torres was n't there , and then threw too late to first	False
Torres , 21 , was a shortstop until last year . Andujar hit a based loaded-single against Mychal Givens in the eighth	True
Lester ( 15 - 5 ) surrendered eight hits , struck out seven and walked none while improving to 8 - 0 with a 1.49 ERA in 10 career regular-season starts against the Phillies . The Phillies began the day three games back of Atlanta , which hosted Pittsburgh on Sunday night . Jorge Alfaro had two hits , including an RBI double in the ninth	True
Kapler moved Nola up a day to give him another start at home , where the star right-hander has been dominant . It backfired . Nola gave up four runs on five hits in 5 2/3 innings with 11 strikeouts and two walks . Rizzo led off the fourth	True
Kapler moved Nola up a day to give him another start at home , where the star right-hander has been dominant . It backfired . Nola gave up four runs on five hits in 5 2/3 innings with 11 strikeouts and two walks . Rizzo led off the fourth by hitting an 0 - 1 , 85 mph changeup over the wall in left , and Baez , the league leader in RBI entering Sunday , hit a 1 - 2 fastball out to left in the sixth	True
Rizzo led off the fourth by hitting an 0 - 1 , 85 mph changeup over the wall in left , and Baez , the league leader in RBI entering Sunday , hit a 1 - 2 fastball out to left in the sixth . Nola also gave up an RBI triple to Kyle Schwarber in the sixth	True
Kemp is hitting .310 with five runs , two homers and six RBI in 13 games since Aug. 15 . Justin Turner got the rally going with one out in the inning . He singled for the Dodgers ' first hit since his double in the third	True
Bradley ( 4 - 5 ) was leading the National League in holds with 31 before Kemp 's homer . Kenta Maeda ( 8 - 8 ) worked a perfect eighth	True
Bradley ( 4 - 5 ) was leading the National League in holds with 31 before Kemp 's homer . Kenta Maeda ( 8 - 8 ) worked a perfect eighth . Kenley Jansen put the tying run on in the ninth	True
Bradley ( 4 - 5 ) was leading the National League in holds with 31 before Kemp 's homer . Kenta Maeda ( 8 - 8 ) worked a perfect eighth . Kenley Jansen put the tying run on in the ninth . The All-Star closer gave up a two - out double to Nick Ahmed before Ketel Marte popped up to second	False
Kenta Maeda ( 8 - 8 ) worked a perfect eighth . Kenley Jansen put the tying run on in the ninth . The All-Star closer gave up a two - out double to Nick Ahmed before Ketel Marte popped up to second , giving Jansen his 34th save in 38 opportunities . Enrique Hernandez got the first	False
Kenta Maeda ( 8 - 8 ) worked a perfect eighth . Kenley Jansen put the tying run on in the ninth . The All-Star closer gave up a two - out double to Nick Ahmed before Ketel Marte popped up to second , giving Jansen his 34th save in 38 opportunities . Enrique Hernandez got the first out of the ninth	True
Arizona led 2 - 0 after Eduardo Escobar and pinch-hitter Christian Walker led off innings by homering on first pitches from Kershaw . Escobar went deep to left field in the second	True
In between Arizona 's two homers , Kershaw retired 12 consecutive batters . The left-hander gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . The Dodgers struck out 13 times , including six in a row over the fifth	True
In between Arizona 's two homers , Kershaw retired 12 consecutive batters . The left-hander gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . The Dodgers struck out 13 times , including six in a row over the fifth , sixth	True
In between Arizona 's two homers , Kershaw retired 12 consecutive batters . The left-hander gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . The Dodgers struck out 13 times , including six in a row over the fifth , sixth and seventh innings . Corbin retired the side in the fifth	True
In between Arizona 's two homers , Kershaw retired 12 consecutive batters . The left-hander gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . The Dodgers struck out 13 times , including six in a row over the fifth , sixth and seventh innings . Corbin retired the side in the fifth , striking out the last two batters . Yoshihisa Hirano relieved him and struck out the side in the sixth	True
In between Arizona 's two homers , Kershaw retired 12 consecutive batters . The left-hander gave up two runs and four hits in seven innings , struck out three and walked none . The Dodgers struck out 13 times , including six in a row over the fifth , sixth and seventh innings . Corbin retired the side in the fifth , striking out the last two batters . Yoshihisa Hirano relieved him and struck out the side in the sixth , while Brad Ziegler struck out pinch-hitter Bellinger to open the seventh	True
Corbin allowed three hits , struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers have struck out 31 times in Corbin 's four starts against them this season and he 's limited hitters to a .125 average . Arizona 's Paul Goldschmidt singled in the sixth	True
